How carbon cuts are measured determines winners  losers0
At the same time, wind generators might take issue with hourly measurements. That's because wind generators typically run at night along with nuclear plants. Neither emit carbon dioxide. That means that if carbon reductions were measured by the hour, wind generators wouldn't get much credit for displacing carbon emissions. Nuclear plants would be at a disadvantage for the same reason.
"If you have a lot of nuclear plants and someone else has a lot of coal plants and they average those two, the nuclear provider is subsidizing them," said Adam Riedel, an attorney specializing in environmental and energy law at Manatt, Phelps & Phillips. In other words, benefits for cutting carbon "will accrue to the coal plant because for all intents and purposes the nuclear plant has no emissions," Riedel said.
Solar power generators, however, might favor hourly measurements. Why? Because the grid turns to solar power when demand for power is at its highest. At that point, generating plants fueled by coal, oil and natural gas would be operating and emitting carbon dioxide. So, solar producers conceivably could receive credit for displacing carbon emissions.
No matter what system of measurement is devised, someone will be unhappy, Riedel said.
The federal EPA faces a June 2015 deadline for finalizing its proposal for carbon cuts and it would be up to states to decide how to reach the mandates.
The goal is to cut 30 percent of emissions from 2005 levels by 2030. That's why much attention will focus on how the Illinois Commerce Commission deals with the issue, ahead of the state legislature, which is expected to begin putting together a framework for implementing the carbon rule in the spring session.
"If implemented correctly, the smart grid will lead to greenhouse gas emission reductions," said David Kolata, CUB's executive director. "But measuring and quantifying it is important particularly with the EPA carbon rules coming up."
ComEd spokesman John Schoen said the utility has been working with CUB "on the complex question of how to better measure greenhouse gases." Exelon, ComEd's parent company, did not respond to a request for comment on the measurement proposal.
Publicly sharing the carbon footprint of the electricity grid hour by hour and providing incentives to power producers and consumers to make choices to cut those emissions "will make all the difference in the world," Barbeau said. "People wait in line for a penny cheaper gas across the street, but we don't pay attention to that same penny when it comes to our electricity usage."
At least one state is out front in bringing consumers into the decision-making.
Maryland recently implemented a system that financially rewards consumers for powering down during times when a carbon-polluting power plant would normally have to switch on to meet electricity demand.
Baltimore Gas and Electric, a utility owned by ComEd's parent, Exelon, alerts customers by email or text that demand is high and gives them a credit on their bill if they use less electricity than they normally would on a similar day.
Karl R. Rabago, executive director of the Pace Energy and Climate Center at Pace Law School, said it might not be worth the effort to create a measurement system that forces regulators to determine exactly which power plant is turned on or off at every second of the day because of carbon-cutting policies.
"It may be entirely possible for me to control my toaster with my iPhone and determine how that changes my carbon emissions, but I don't want to do that," Rabago said.
Alex Laskey, president and co-founder of Opower, which provides cloud-based software to the utility industry, said most consumers want someone else, most likely their utility, to make decisions that cut emissions. He said most people don't want to be involved. "At the moment, there's very little consumer demand for this," Laskey said.
Jeff Saad, senior project architect and associate principal at Perkins and Will in Chicago, helps create sustainable buildings that encourage greener behavior among occupants. The program his buildings participate in determines carbon emission reductions by looking at the average power mix across the state, not by the hour.
His concept is based on changing the way people interact with their environment by comparing their behaviors to their counterparts at comparable buildings.
"It's about modifying people's behavior," he said.

Transferring property to children can get complicated0
If you buy and sell, you may have to pay a double recordation/transfer tax. Many states do have exemptions for transactions between parent and child, but even then, there are logistics to deal with. You will have to transfer a house to your son; you cannot add his wife to the title without paying the tax. Once he gets title, he will then have to add his wife to the title. And the same procedure would apply for your daughter.
Another concern, which you mentioned. If you sell the properties to your children, they will not get the benefits of the stepped-up basis. That's a tax provision whereby the value of the property when you die becomes the tax basis of the persons who inherit from your estate. This may not be a real problem if the kids qualify for the up-to-$500,000 exclusion of gain by owning and using the house for two out of the five years before it is sold. But Congress is seriously looking at tax reform, and this great exclusion may be repealed or reduced.
But perhaps my biggest concern is that one never knows what the future will hold. You may have fights with your kids; one of them may get a divorce, or file for bankruptcy relief. There are many reasons why you should keep the houses in your name but name the kids in your last will and testament.
And if your state has adopted the transfer-on-death-deed law, talk to your attorney about this new concept. That act was designed to take care of situations exactly the same as yours.
Q: The house next to ours is being torn down and a new home will be built. We are concerned about our old frame house with its 100-year-old-plus foundation. Any advice about preparing prior to the tear-down? How should we work with (the) builder/owner to make sure our property is not damaged?
A: The first thing you should do is find out what the applicable building codes require where you live. From my experience, many jurisdictions (states, counties and even cities) have requirements when major construction takes place in residential neighborhoods. Your local government most likely has a code enforcement section, and you should meet with a representative to learn as much as you can about the process. You should also obtain a copy of the builder's plans.
Next, you should meet on the site with the builder. Have him explain what they are doing, and find out what steps they plan to take to protect your house.
Try to convince the building company that it should give you some money, say $2,500, so that you can retain a structural engineer to periodically monitor the work on your behalf. I have been able to convince many builders to do this when I have been representing next-door neighbors such as yours. But if the builder refuses, it would still make sense for you to retain an engineer on your own. You have a valuable, old house and don't want it to be damaged.
Finally, I would take lots of pictures of your house, both inside and outside, so as to demonstrate what the house originally looked like in the event of subsequent damage.
Benny L. Kass is a practicing attorney in Washington and Maryland. No legal relationship is created by this column; mailbag@kmklawyers.com .

New parking policies driving transit-oriented development2
The Metropolitan Planning Council has long been involved in discussions surrounding transit-oriented development in suburban communities as well as the city of Chicago, and it is pleased to see a strong response to the ordinance by developers and by neighborhoods that are weighing in on their future.
In Logan Square, for instance, hundreds of residents have recently attended public workshops to discuss development ideas.
That's a great start, says Peter Skosey, a planning council executive vice president. He'd like to see the conversation expanded to other communities, not to create demand for mixed-use development where it doesn't exist, but to answer unserved demand in some neighborhoods.
Specifically, the council would like to start a conversation about the south leg of the CTA's Green Line, near the city's Bronzeville neighborhood and Illinois Institute of Technology.
When the community meetings are completed, the council plans to take what it has learned and turn it into some recommendations for the city that may include trimming the parking requirements even more.
"We do see, as more people are engaged in the process, a realization," Skosey said. "They don't want parking lots, they want green space, they want stores. Frankly, parking lots are ugly.
"If we continue to plan our cities around where we're going to put our cars and not where we're going to put our people, that's not a recipe for growth," he added.
Among the firms active in the movement is Brininstool + Lynch, which, so far, has designed transit-oriented residential developments in Chicago's Wicker Park and Logan Square neighborhoods. Partner David Brininstool sees the ordinance generating developer interest in bringing downtownlike residential buildings into neighborhoods.
"There's a realization that there's a young professional renter who really wants to be in the neighborhoods," Brininstool said. "Not everyone wants to be in the core. People who really want to devote more hours to their careers than their personal lives are downtown."
Still, there are concerns about whether the concept can succeed only in neighborhoods most favored by millennials.
Transit Center, an independent philanthropic group that supports improvements in public transportation, surveyed consumers about what factors would prompt them to ride public transportation. Among people 30 and older, having stations closer to home and work ranked No. 2 on the list.
But the New York-based center also found that people older than 60, who may have grown up in more densely populated areas with access to transit, avoid public transportation, according to its recently released report.
Those kinds of findings may limit, at least initially, transit-oriented development to certain neighborhoods, though there is anecdotal evidence that baby boomers are staying in cities longer or moving back once they become empty nesters.
"Developers are going to do what they think the market wants," Brininstool said. "They generally don't lead, they follow. You start to get a little beyond the hipster renter, to a more conventional renter, and it's true. Right now, those neighborhoods aren't quite as pedestrian."

Tesla Falls Yet Again As Wall Street Sobers On Stockreddit
Wall Street may finally be sobering on Tesla.
The stock price for the electric automaker has soared during the past year, but it fell on Friday after a Goldman Sachs analyst predicted the company will need at least $6 billion over the next 11 years to make its vehicles go mainstream.
If billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk, the company's chairman and CEO, wants Tesla's vehicles to be as popular as Apple's iPhone or Ford's Model T, the company will have to be producing between 1.8 million and 3.2 million vehicles a year by 2025, Goldman's Patrick Archambault wrote in a note.
"With numerous projects laid out (as well as those not currently communicated) ahead for [Tesla], we see a possible need for additional capital," Archambault wrote in the memo sent to The Huffington Post by a Goldman spokesman on Saturday.
Tesla shares had dipped nearly 2 percent by the closing bell on Friday.
Archambault's note came just days after Morgan Stanley cautioned investors about Tesla's ballooning stock price, which hit a record high at the beginning of the month. Shares fell nearly 9 percent on Monday, Sept. 15, after the bank issued its warning.
Tesla declined to comment on Saturday.
But Musk would probably say he told you so.
While announcing Tesla's deal to open a battery factory in Nevada earlier this month, Musk admitted : "I think our stock price is kind of high right now, to be totally honest."
This article was updated with a quote from the Goldman Sachs note
More:

Quines son los FernandesFernández Aguilà: "Hay desconocimiento entre catalanes y españoles, vivimos muy de espaldas"
Publicado:
Email
Comentarios
Barcelona. 11 de septiembre de 2012. Un millón de personas llenó de esteladas las calles de la capital catalana con motivo de la Diada . A partir de ahí los principales dirigentes de la Generalitat empezaron a hablar de lo que querían “los catalanes”... Ricardo Fernández Aguilà sintió sorpresa, inquietud, preocupación, incluso tristeza.
Vio que nadie expresaba lo que él sentía. Y empezó a escribir sus impresiones. Nacido en la década de los cincuenta en Barcelona, criado en el barrio de Gràcia, profesor durante 40 años. Catalán y español. Sus anotaciones se convirtieron en un librito, sin pretensiones. El siguiente paso fue bajar a la copistería del barrio y enviar a conocidos y periodistas su pequeña obra.
Una de las copias llegó al periodista José Antonio Zarzalejos , que le dedicó una de sus columnas en La Vanguardia . Apareció un editor… y hoy aquella ráfagas de sentimientos llegan a las librerías: Un Fernandes entre banderas (Ediciones Península).
¿Quiénes son los Fernandes?
Es una metáfora, una manera de nombrar una actitud que comparte mucha gente que se llama Fernández, Pérez y Martínez y gente que tiene un apellido de raíz catalana. Se suelen pronunciar con ese final esos apellidos en Cataluña.
Lo he utilizado para referirme a las personas que tenemos raíces históricas con lugares de España pero que somos también catalanes, hemos nacido aquí. Y más allá de eso, para personas que aunque hayan nacido aquí y su familia es de aquí, tengan tendencia a ver las cosas de una manera dual. Es decir, a sentirse de aquí y allá, tener con el mismo afecto dos lenguas y querer vivir tranquilamente la condición de español y catalán.
¿Cuántos hay en Cataluña?
Más de los que se tienen en cuenta. Las personas que tenemos la ilusión y la esperanza de que se supere la tensión y sigamos viviendo, con reformas, juntos y mejor, estamos infravalorados en el mapa mediático. No se nos tiene muy en cuenta, pero estamos y se notará.
¿Cómo vive lo que está pasando en Cataluña?
Lo primero, con la sorpresa de que en dos años se haya producido un aumento súbito de personas independentistas. Es un hecho. Y, después, preocupación porque vivimos en un clima de tensión y parece que eso sea lo normal. No puede ser.
Además, con preocupación porque se está dando la idea, sobre todo en Cataluña , de que un proceso de ruptura es algo sencillo, una cosa de ir a votar un día. Es evidente que no es así, es de gran envergadura, es una cosa prácticamente irreversible al menos durante generaciones.
En el libro dice que los Fernandes se sienten “tristes” en este momento. ¿Hay tristeza en Cataluña?
Sí. Hay ilusión para los que quieren este proyecto soberanista y hay quien habla de que pasará el 10 de noviembre con un Estado propio. Luego están quienes lo viven con mucha preocupación y, además, los que lo viven con tristeza. En mi caso, al menos, es triste porque para que exista este proceso político hace falta crear una tensión entre comunidades y personas y hacer ver que todo lo que tenga que ver con España es ajeno.
"ESTOY CANSADO DE QUE HABLEN EN MI NOMBRE"
Todo cambió a partir de la Diada de 2012…
Ese día se planteó a los catalanes que no había más salida que la creación de un Estado propio. De pronto se lanzó la idea de que había acabado una época y la asumió un millón de personas en activo. Fue un cambio en el mapa mental y en la imagen de Cataluña. ¡Ojo! Fueron un millón y pico de personas, a partir de ahí se ha tendido a hablar como si fuéramos todos los catalanes. En ese momento dije ‘estoy cansado de que hablen en mi nombre’.
Apuesta por que todos los Fernandes “espabilen” y alcen la voz. ¿Por qué ahora?
Hay gente que desea que haya un reajuste, una reforma de tipo político para continuar juntos y que desde hace tiempo actúa activamente. Pero es minoritaria. Hemos tenido un punto de pasividad porque no nos acabábamos de creer que iba a crecer tanto y tanto.
Entre la tensión del independentismo y la cerrazón del actual Gobierno , las personas que planteamos otra cosa no parece que estemos muy invitadas al banquete. No se nos hace fácil el camino. Los mensajes de quienes pensamos en el entendimiento son más complejos, necesitan más que una frase o un eslogan para llegar a la gente.
¿En qué hemos fallado para llegar al “peor momento de la relación entre Cataluña y España en los últimos 35 años”?
Por un lado ha empezado un movimiento independentista basado en contenidos de propaganda con mucho respaldo mediático. Ha cogido a mucha gente en un momento de enfado y de crisis. Luego, el Gobierno español ha fallado, le ha faltado proximidad, cercanía con Cataluña y tener más cintura para negociar las cosas.
Y la gente que no estábamos ni por una línea ni por otra han sido algunos activos, pero otros no. No tenemos nada que nos visualice, ni una camiseta ni una bandera. Cuesta mucho formular eslóganes y no acabamos de tener líderes. Hay gente muy interesante que dice cosas en esta línea de entendimiento, pero no acabo de ver líderes claros.
"SUBIR EL NIVEL DE CORDIALIDAD Y AFECTO"
¿Qué propone para solventar la actual situación?
Habría que entrar en otra época que no fuera la tensión que parece que no va a llevar a ningún lado e inaugurar una de solucionar los problemas concretos y buscar un tiempo de negociación.
Pero no basta con la política. Hay un aspecto que se ha descuidado: enriquecer y mejorar la convivencia y el conocimiento mutuo entre las comunidades de España y los ciudadanos. Saber más quiénes somos unos y otros, comunicarnos más, liquidar tópicos. Hemos de subir el nivel de cordialidad y afecto. Hay mucho desconocimiento y vivimos muy de espaldas.
Y están los tópicos falsos, ¿con cuáles le hierve la sangre?
El tópico que sirvió de eslogan político, el ‘España nos roba’, es una de las ideas pésimas que hay porque España no es solo el Ministerio de Hacienda , sino la gente. El otro tópico que habría que liquidar es el de ‘si vas a Cataluña, solo te hablan en catalán’. Esto no es así en general.
¿Cree que habrá consulta?
Eso es hacer profecías. Y yo veo que aquí el más listo se equivoca cada semana. Todo lo que va pasando parece que no esté previsto. Si se ponen las urnas de una manera ilegal, muchos catalanes no vamos a ir a votar. Habría mucha abstención.
¿Las pondrán igualmente para crear agitación? ¿Verán que se quema un cartucho? Da la impresión de que esto va a quedar aplazado, pero no tengo más información.
¿Cuál sería el lema de convivencia de un Fernandes?
Para seguir juntos hemos de conocernos mejor y comunicarnos más.
TAMBIÉN TE PUEDE INTERESAR...

21 retratos de Sofa Loren para celebrar sus 80 aosSofía Loren cumple 80 años: 21 retratos de la actriz
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
Sofía Loren, la gran actriz italiana, cumple 80 años. Una de las italianas más célebres fuera de sus fronteras, de las actrices más aclamadas del mundo y de las mujeres más bellas jamás vistas en la pantalla se vuelve octogenaria y no deja de hacer películas y de recibir homenajes. Va a celebrar su cumpleaños en la Ciudad de México, donde le han rendido un gran homenaje por su aniversario.
Queremos repasar su trayectoria y ver cómo se ha convertido en uno de los rostros más bellos de la pantalla. Como homenaje, estos 21 retratos desde los años cincuenta hasta hoy.
En una foto de los años cincuenta
GTRESONLINE
En una foto sin datar de los años cincuenta
GTRESONLINE
En una foto de los años sesenta
GTRESONLINE
En una foto de los años sesenta
GTRESONLINE
En una foto de los años sesenta
GTRESONLINE
En el rodaje de una película
GTRESONLINE
En 'Ayer, hoy y mañana', en 1963
GTRESONLINE
En un posado en los años setenta
GTRESONLINE
Con su hijo Edoardo, en 1973
En un posado en los años setenta
GTRESONLINE
En un posado en los años setenta
GTRESONLINE
En un posado en los años setenta
GTRESONLINE
En la década de los noventa, en una visita a África
GTRESONLINE
Posando para el calendario Pirelli en 2007
GTRESONLINE
En el Festival de Cine de Roma, en 2007
GTRESONLINE
A punto de recibir las llaves de la ciudad de Sorrento, en febrero de 2009
GTRESONLINE
En California, en abril de 2011
GTRESONLINE
En Madrid, en junio de 2012
GTRESONLINE
Con su hijo, el director de cine Carlo Ponti, en Cannes en mayo de 2014
GTRESONLINE
En mayo de 2014 en el festival de Cannes
GTRESONLINE
En México, el jueves 18 de septiembre de 2014, dos días antes de cumplir 80 años
EFE
Más:

Estas 12 playas son raras  raras  raras... (FOTOS)Las 12 playas más raras del mundo (FOTOS)
MINUBE
Email
Comentarios
¿Alguna vez has estado en una playa que te ha dejado con la boca abierta? ¿Has llegado a pensar, incluso, que parecía de otro mundo? Basándonos en las recomendaciones de los viajeros de minube , hemos intentado recopilar 12 de las playas más extrañas y curiosas del mundo en esta lista . Atención:
Moeraki Boulders, Hampden (Nueva Zelanda)
Carlos Olmo
Esta playa es conocida por algunos como la playa de los huevos de dragón, y es que las peculiares rocas perfectamente redondeadas que se encuentran en ella dan mucho lugar a la imaginación. Los maoríes consideran estas rocas sagradas, mientras que los científicos estiman que la formación de las más grandes por la erosión ha podido llevar entre 4 y 5 millones de años.
Ponta da Piedade, Lagos (Portugal)
Enrique Rincón
Si por algo es característica la zona del Algarve portugués es por su costa, repleta de acantilados, calas y espectaculares playas. La Ponta da Piedade es una de las más curiosas, por las increíbles formaciones rocosas que parecen emerger del agua y por las impresionantes cuevas marinas que se suceden a lo largo de los acantilados. Una maravilla que parece de otro mundo.
Playa de Legzira, Sidi Ifni (Marruecos)
Zakaria Ait
No parece real, pero lo es. Esta majestuosa playa en la costa sudoeste de Marruecos asombra a cualquiera como si de un sueño se tratase. El increíble color rojo puro de la playa y las formaciones en arcos de la erosionada arenisca roja hacen de esta playa una de las más extrañas del mundo.
Playa de las Catedrales, Ribadeo (España)
Juan Carlos Ibáñez
Aunque su nombre original es Playa de Aguas Santas, se ha bautizado popularmente como la Playa de las Catedrales. El nombre no es de extrañar: sus imponentes arcos formados por la fuerte erosión del mar Cantábrico bien podrían ser los de una catedral. Es recomendable visitarla en el momento de marea baja para poder recorrerlos a pie, aunque verlos salir del agua puede que tenga aún más magia.
Playa de Vík, Vík í Mýrdal (Islandia)
Daniel Herrero
Esta playa se encuentra en el pequeño pueblo islandés de Vik, al sur de la isla, conocido por ser el lugar más lluvioso de todo el país. Pero no sólo por eso es conocido Vik, sino por su playa, una de las más raras del mundo por tener una arena tan negra como el azabache. Eso sí, no pretendas darte un baño, ya que el agua debe de estar helada.
Playa de Papakolea, Hawaii (Estados Unidos)
Rocío Sánchez
La playa de Papakolea se encuentra en la isla de Hawaii y es una de las dos playas del mundo (la otra está en Islandia) que tiene la arena verde. Este color viene de la olivina, un mineral que se encuentra en la costa sur de la isla y, aunque la playa tenga un difícil acceso, es esta tonalidad lo que atrae a miles de viajeros de todo el mundo.
Playa de Maho, Simpson Bay (Antillas holandesas)
Lala
Al pensar en una playa en el Caribe nos vendría a la mente una playa desierta con miles de palmeras, algo tipo Perdidos, pero la Playa de Maho es una de las excepciones caribeñas. Se encuentra en la diminuta isla de St. Maarten y está, literalmente, pegada al aeropuerto internacional Princesa Juliana. Cada día aterrizan en él varios Boeing 747 que pasan a escasos metros de la playa provocando un ruido ensordecedor.
Playa Roja, Santorini (Grecia)
Rodrigo Nieto
Las rocas sedimentarias de hierro son las que dan a la arena de esta playa un color rojo como el fuego. Si bien podría ser un buen lugar para rodar una película de marcianos, es una de las playas más populares de la isla griega de Santorini, de origen volcánico. Descubre las Islas Griegas en profundidad con esta guía .
Playa de Railay, Krabi (Tailandia)
Miriam y Fernán
Las formaciones kársticas de la península de Railay, aislada en su totalidad de cualquier tipo de  vehículo, hacen de este destino un lugar muy atractivo para los escaladores. Pero no sólo para ellos, ya que son muchos los viajeros que van a Railay cada año a conocer su paradisíaca playa, en la que pareces estar en un sueño. En esta guía de Tailandia podrás encontrar los rincones más espectaculares del país.
El charco de los Clicos, Yaiza (España)
Katja Rupp
Agua azul, playa  negra y lago verde. Esa extrañísima combinación es la que puedes encontrar en Yaiza, al sur de la canaria isla de Lanzarote. El charco de los Clicos, conocido popularmente como el Lago Verde, es el resultado de la actividad volcánica cerca del mar. Por supuesto, el alto contenido de azufre imposibilita el baño en el charco, pero la playa negra en el que se encuentra es el lugar perfecto para darse un chapuzón. Descubre más de 150 rincones de las Islas Canarias con esta guía de viajes.
Playas de Mílos, Mílos (Grecia)
Naxos
Si en Santorini la playa era roja, en Mílos es blanca. Pero no un blanco cualquiera: es un blanco inmaculado resultante de la piedra caliza de algunas de las playas de la isla: como la de Sarakiniko, rodeada por acantilados y con aguas cristalinas. Una reliquia para todo fotógrafo que se precie, ya que parece de mentira. Descubre más rincones de las Islas Griegas con esta guía de viaje con las mejores recomendaciones de viajeros.
Playa de Boulders, Ciudad del Cabo (Sudáfrica)
Josema López
Un momento, ¿pingüinos en una playa? Es más: ¿pingüinos en una playa africana? Parece el comienzo de un chiste malo, pero es cien por cien real. En esta playa, situada unos 30 kilómetros al sur de Ciudad del Cabo, habita desde hace más de 30 años ni más ni menos que una colonia de 3.000 pingüinos sudafricanos.
Estas son algunas de las playas más extrañas del mundo , pero hay muchísimas más. Date un paseo por minube y descubre estos y muchos otros impresionantes rincones.
MÁS SOBRE PLAYAS

La vida de los espaoles en la vendimia francesa  en 27 fotonesLa vida de los españoles en la vendimia francesa, en 27 fotones
EL HUFFINGTON POST / AGENCIAS
Email
Comentarios
Es una salida más a los altos niveles de paro. Unas 15.000 personas, según cálculos de UGT, han emigrado este año a diversas zonas de Francia para trabajar en la vendimia.
La campaña, que dura entre 40 y 45 días, atrae especialmente a andaluces. Los que trabajan allí cobran cerca de 9,53 euros por hora. El fotógrafo de Getty David Ramos ha captado la dureza del ese trabajo en Chateau Planeres, Perpignan.
DAVID RAMOS / GETTY
Fifi Navarro, de 51 años, hace las maletas el día antes de viajar a Francia para trabajar durante un mes y medio. Fifi trabaja en la cosecha de la uva francesa desde que tenía 21 años. Vive en Alcalá del Valle (Cádiz)
DAVID RAMOS / GETTY
Fifi Navarro mete sus pertenencias en el maletero del autobús que la llevará, junto a más de 1.000 vecinos suyos, a Perpignan.
DAVID RAMOS / GETTY
Juanma Torres, de 20 años, José Antonio Narváez, de 29, y su hermano Francisco Narváez, de 23, se levantan temprano para salir a recoger uvas. Francisco tiene un grado de Topografía y viaja con su hermano a Francia porque está en el paro.
DAVID RAMOS / GETTY
Jose Antonio Narváez descansa antes de la jornada de trabajo.
David Ramos (Getty)
Juan Vilches, de 61 años y su esposa Isabel Marín, de 58 años, esperan junto a Tomás Carnero, de 38 años,para salir a recoger uvas
DAVID RAMOS / GETTY
Los recolectores salen de casa para recoger las uvas
DAVID RAMOS / GETTY
Los recolectores cogen sus materiales para iniciar el día de trabajo
DAVID RAMOS / GETTY
Los vendimiadores inician su jornada
DAVID RAMOS / GETTY

Indignacin por este supuesto anuncio de un equipo de ftbolIndignación por este supuesto anuncio del CFI Alicante
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
Un supuesto cartel para captar socios del Club de Fútbol Independiente de Alicante ha desatado las críticas en las redes sociales, donde se considera que el contenido del anuncio es claramente sexista.
En la imagen se ve a una mujer rubia que viste la camiseta del club rasgada por el medio, dejando entrever los pechos. El lema de la supuesta campaña es: "Hazte socia del C.F.I. Alicante y te pondrás así de guapa".
Tras la polémica, el club ha emitido un comunicado en su página web en la que se desliga de la autoría del cartel y afirma que es obra de un socio que lo ha creado "por su cuenta y riesgo sin pedir ningún permiso al club".
"Este club desmiente de forma rotunda que el presidente, F. Jornet, ni ninguna persona del club tenga nada que ver ni con la imagen reflejada ni con el mensaje escrito en la misma", asegura el comunicado, en el que el club "lamenta profundamente el malestar que pueda haberse originado por un asunto en el que no tiene nada que ver".
Un cartel del CFI Alicante enciende las redes por sexista http://t.co/Lw2oXPD3Xb pic.twitter.com/xFrDO7hCab
— CÓRDOBA deportes (@CorDeportes) septiembre 19, 2014
Más:

13 perros que se parecen a otras cosas que no son perros (FOTOS)13 perros que se parecen a otras cosas que no son perros
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
Dicen que los perros se parecen a sus dueños, aunque a veces se parecen a otras cosas, a otros animales e incluso a personajes reales o de ficción.
Aquí te mostramos 13 ejemplos de ello:
1. Este Golden Retriever y un león
2. ¿Es un osito o un perrito?
3. Te comerías a estos dos Shar Pei mojados en leche como si fueran dos cruasanes
4. Él no lo sabe, pero se parece a esta magdalena
5. Arrugado como una toalla
6. Indiana perro
7. En una galaxia no muy lejana...
8. Os prometemos que es un perro y no Richard Branson
9. Lo de la izquierda son perretes, lo de la derecha, pollo frito
10. El perro fregona gigante
11. Durmiendo como un corderito
12. ¿Comerá también bambú?
13. Y, por último, este perro es Putin
Más:

Aurora firm OSI Group cutting 340 jobs in ChinaAurora firm OSI Group cutting 340 jobs in China
OSI Group CEO
ALY SONG, REUTERS
OSI Group CEO Sheldon Lavin attends a news conference in Shanghai in July.
OSI Group CEO Sheldon Lavin attends a news conference in Shanghai in July. (ALY SONG, REUTERS)
By Tribune staff and wire reports
Chinese authorities have arrested six employees of a Shanghai food supplier to McDonald’s and other major restaurant chains in China after revelations of meat safety violations, the supplier said Friday. ( Robert Channick )
 Most Shanghai Husi workers had been on paid leave since July 21, when issues such as mixing expired meat and picking up products off the floor were exposed on Chinese television. The plant had been a major provider to McDonald's locations in Asia and to other major fast-food chains. 
 "It was our expectation that they could resume their work as soon as possible," OSI Group said in a statement. "Unfortunately, due to circumstances beyond our control, this will not be the case."
OSI's meat producing plant in Shanghai was shut down in July over the safety allegations. Chinese police arrested six OSI employees this month in connection with the issue, which earlier prompted Oak Brook-based McDonald's to end supply contracts with OSI in China.
0
OSI Group on Sept. 2 handed control of a plant in Guangzhou, a city near Hong Kong in southeastern China, indefinitely to a subsidiary of competitor Golden State Foods Corp.
The food safety issue has been a blow to both OSI Group and McDonald’s, which saw its Asia sales fall sharply in July. OSI Group, through its subsidiaries, supplies products to McDonald’s, Yum Brands Inc.'s KFC and other major restaurant chains in China.
OSI Group established its first food processing plant in China in 1991 and began supplying products to McDonald’s the following year. The Shanghai plant opened in 1996.
The scandal, which spread as far as Hong Kong and Japan, sparked a Chinese probe into the firm and dragged down China sales at Yum and McDonald's, which have both since cut or suspended ties with OSI.
"Over the past two months, Shanghai Husi has experienced significant financial and customer losses and the authorities' investigations are still ongoing. It is very unlikely that production will be resumed soon," OSI said in the statement.
It added that a small of number of Shanghai Husi staff would be kept on to assist with the ongoing investigation.
"As such, Shanghai Husi cannot be fully shut down at this stage," the firm added.
- Tribune reporter Jessica Wohl, Reuters
 

Tendulkar s bat  tie and t-shirt auctionedTweet
0
Pune, Sept.22: Cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar 's bat, tie and t-shirt were auctioned for Rs. 15 million on Sunday in bid to raise funds for orphan children in Pune.
The money earned by the auction went to the NGO SOFOSH (Society of Friends of the Sassoon Hospitals) which runs an orphanage.
Speaking at the event, Tendulkar said, "Every person in this world is given a talent by God. After the talent has been identified, the talent has to be worshipped. To take the talent to bigger level is in our hands."
The orphan children had made an audio-book on Tendulkar and it was presented to him.
Moved by the gesture of the children, Tendulkar said, "Inspite of various challenges, the grit and determination of the kids to make an audio book about me and then to share that joy with me was a big moment for me."
Tendulkar became the first sportsperson to receive a Bharat Ratna, India's highest civilian honour.
Cricket's most prolific run-scorer bid an emotional farewell to the game at his home ground in Mumbai last year, ending a glittering 24-year career during which he bagged almost every batting record.
A perfect role model for the country's youth and the sport worldwide with his impeccable image on and off the field, Tendulkar was nominated to the Rajya Sabha in 2012.
He left the game after playing more test matches (200), scoring the most test (15,921) and one-day international (18,426) runs, and compiling more test (51) and one-day (49) hundreds than any other player in cricket history.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Aldermore plans London IPO in OctoberAldermore Bank plans October London offering
By John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41aa9a86-4220-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Airbus seeks to tap US jet marketAirbus seeks to unlock US commercial jet market with new factory
By Robert Wright in Mobile, Alabama
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2bfe83e-3f47-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ingersoll-Rand bows to climate fears© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fc60c19a-4246-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

WELCOME TO THE WORLD OF CAMPAIGN-FINANCE LAWS  WHERE NO ONE KNOWS WHAT LOOPHOLES WILL BE USEDWalmart's Plan To Encourage Political Donations Violates Election Law, Groups Claim
Posted:
Updated:
09/22/2014  8:59 am EDT
President Barack Obama speaks at a Walmart store in Mountain View, Calif., on May 9.  (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) | AP
reddit
Walmart is violating campaign finance law by encouraging workers to donate to a PAC backing the company's favorite political candidates, according to a complaint filed with the Federal Election Commission on Monday.
The company entices managers, executives, professional workers and shareholders to give to its political action committee by promising to donate twice as much money to a company-run charity for Walmart employees as its workers give to the PAC.
This policy violates an FEC rule against companies making campaign donations directly to candidates, parties and political committees, according to the complaint. It was filed by Public Citizen, a consumer-rights group; Common Cause, a lobbying group focused on government accountability; and OUR Walmart, a labor group advocating for Walmart workers. They allege Walmart is trying to get around the law by using company money to "unduly" encourage workers to donate to its PAC.
Though Walmart employees are not required to donate to Walmart's PAC, the company's policy "flies in the face" of the law that requires donations to be voluntary because there's such a large incentive, said Craig Holman, government affairs lobbyist for Public Citizen, who authored the complaint. He added that because the matching funds go to a charity run by Walmart, "this is actually very directly, very self-serving for the Walmart corporation."
Walmart representatives disagree.
"We are confident that our matching program is lawful, and that the FEC will find this complaint brought by groups not affiliated with Walmart lacks merit," Brooke Buchanan, a Walmart spokeswoman, told The Huffington Post before reviewing the complaint.
Walmart’s PAC, called Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Political Action Committee for Responsible Government, has raised $2.6 million during the 2014 election cycle, according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics. The PAC’s donations are split about evenly, with 49 percent going to Democrats and 51 percent going to Republicans, the data show. Companies and their PACs are allowed to solicit donations from salaried employees with decision-making powers, along with shareholders and the families of those groups.
Corporate PACs are financially separate entities from their affiliated companies. Still, PACs typically fund candidates and legislation that’s in the best interest of a company.
Activist groups have accused Walmart’s PAC of favoring candidates that voted against minimum-wage increases. At the same time the company is incentivizing managers to give to this PAC by donating money to its own organization for workers in need, Walmart is facing calls from workers and labor groups to raise pay.
Other companies offer to match employee donations to their PACs with donations to charities. Bloomberg News reported last year that Hewlett-Packard, Coca-Cola and others have this kind of program. The practice became popular in the 1980s , and the FEC has since approved various charitable matching programs presented to it -- though not without controversy.
Often the cases are approved by a slim margin , and in some situations the elections commissioners have deadlocked. In the past, some commissioners have argued that any charitable match is really just the company subsidizing a donation to its own PAC.
Walmart’s program is particularly controversial for two reasons, according to Holman. For one, it offers a 2-for-1 match instead of a 1-for-1 match. In one case where the FEC considered a 2-for-1 match, three commissioners dissented, arguing that such a large match would "skew the incentives" and "undercut the voluntariness" of the donations, according to Bloomberg . Also, Walmart doesn't give workers a choice of charities for the company to send the matching funds.
“Walmart came up with the entirely new scheme,” said Holman, who has written several studies on campaign finance. “This type of matching fund program goes way beyond anything the FEC has ever approved before.”
Walmart’s situation is indeed rare, but it’s not clear it’s illegal. Some campaign finance lawyers have been advising their corporate clients that offering a 2-to-1 match is probably okay, said Larry Noble, former general counsel at the FEC. But he said the “twist” in Walmart’s case is that the donations flow to a company-run charity. Companies typically let workers pick where the matching funds will go from a slate of outside charities.
“What it does is take away a lot of the merit to the charitable match -- to the extent that there is merit -- which is that you’re helping outside charities,” said Noble, now of-counsel to the Campaign Legal Center, a nonprofit focused on campaign finance. “(The Walmart charity) being the only choice really makes it a question of whether it’s to the benefit of the employee or the benefit of the company.”
If the FEC believes a complaint has merit, it typically asks the subject to respond before launching an investigation.
Though the FEC commissioners probably didn't envision a setup like Walmart's when they first approved charitable matching donations, that doesn't mean it's illegal, according to Jessica Levinson, a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles, who studies election law.
"Does the ratio raise some eyebrows? Yes. Does this directly fly in the face of the statute? I don't think so," Levinson said. "Welcome to the world of campaign-finance laws, where no one knows what loopholes will be used."
Also on HuffPost:

Activists plan to shut down NY exchangeClimate activists take on 'Wall Street,' but can't reach NY Stock Exchange
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney September 22, 2014: 4:37 PM ET
 
Thousands rally for climate change action
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Hundreds of environmentalists marched in New York's financial district on Monday to protest the relationship between global warming and Big Business.
The protesters blocked traffic as they staged a sit-in and shouted slogans on climate change. But they couldn't march on the actual Wall Street after running into barricades and had to abandon plans to "shut down" the New York Stock Exchange.
At the event, dubbed #FloodWallStreet , the marchers surrounded the iconic bull statue in lower Manhattan and chanted slogans demanding "climate justice" and carried signs saying "Corporate capitalism = climate chaos."
Their beef: the fossil fuels industry and other companies are profiting at the expense of the environment. The activists said they were willing to be arrested to drive home the link between global capitalism and worsening climate change. However, there weren't reports of any arrests by early afternoon.
Related: Scenes from #FloodWallStreet: "Corporate capitalism = Climate chaos"
"The climate crisis is fundamentally an issue of the economy," one activist told CNN. "Flood Wall Street is an attempt to bring the problem to the doorstep of the people who are fundamentally responsible for the crisis we find ourselves in now."
Organizers estimated that 2,500 people took part in the demonstration. They planned to remain in place until forced to leave.
Protesters unfurled a 300-foot banner that read "Flood Wall Street," and inflated two 15-foot "carbon bubbles." The atmosphere was boisterous, with protesters wearing costumes and dancing to the beat of a marching band.
The New York Police Department was out in full force, with some cops on horses.
Monday's demonstration comes one day after tens of thousands of people took part in the People's Climate March in New York City, which organizers said was the largest demonstration of its kind ever.
Related: Hey Occupy Wall Street, abolish my debt too!
In addition to environmentalists, the marchers on Sunday included labor activists and clergy, as well as celebrities and politicians.
U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon walked with former U.S. Vice President Al Gore along the two-and-a-half mile route. Celebrity protesters included comedian Chris Rock, as well as actors Leonard DiCaprio and Mark Ruffalo.
Rallies were also held in London, Paris, Berlin, Tokyo and Bogota, Colombia.
Protesters are calling on world leaders to take more aggressive action to curb the emissions of greenhouse gasses.
Global leaders will gather Tuesday in New York for a United Nations summit on climate change. The UN is not expected to take any major steps, but officials are hoping to create momentum for a bigger commitment next year.
-- CNN's Alison Kosik contributed to this report.
First Published: September 22, 2014: 10:19 AM ET
Most Popular

A Writers Guide to Being a Writer Part 2: Networking - The Quiet Art of Making Yourself Sound Awesome Whilst Pretending to Listen to Someone Elsereddit
I suck at networking.
It's not that I don't like talking to people; I was once a stand up comic, so I'm not exactly shy and retiring. It's just that it's so bloody soulless. Frankly I would rather gargle leftover lipo fat than network.
Which is why I was delighted to discover that this week I would be attending a networking event.
You see I have become an accidental e-book bestseller ; accidental in that no one, including me, knows how I've done it. But then I've quickly learned that marketing a book rarely makes any sense. I appeared in the national press and sold 25 copies. I spent a week drinking in Spain and reached number four in the Australian travel bestsellers list. It's not really an exact science.
This confusing level of success has angered Kay, my marketing guru. But then many things anger Kay. Whilst certainly one of the world's most beautiful women, possessing the kind of, delicate, Asian features that look like they'd shatter in a brisk wind, she is also one of the most ill-tempered, caused I suspect by currently being one of the most heavily pregnant. In the benefit of full disclosure I will say that she was pretty damn militant before she got knocked up. But she has stuck by me from the beginning; through the low of getting dumped by an agent the night before my birthday (thank you for that Sarah, by the way, the hangover was dedicated to you) and never charged me a penny.
Her reasoning behind this particular event is that writers need to become adept at talking about their work, to do so quickly and confidently and without slipping into the embarrassed tone many adopt. This is known affectionately as the elevator pitch; summing yourself up in five floors, which Kay once made me do repeatedly in an actual elevator.
"Ready to kiss some babies?" She asks as we enter. She didn't trust me to come alone, suspecting that I would in fact go to a pub and lie to her about it. Which incidentally was my original plan. She eases herself into a chair with good site lines of all the major exits in case I decide to make a break for it and sends me off into the throng.
The first thing I do is grab a glass of luke-warm Cava, staple of every networking event the world over, and then down it, feeling Kay's eyes burn into me the whole time. But then she currently believes that if she can't drink no one else should either.
My first conversation is with a lady in her forties with a rather severe fringe who perks up when I tell her I'm an author. "What kind of thing do you write?" She asks.
"Comedy and travel mostly." I tell her.
She sighs in disappointment. "I'm more of an E.L James kind of girl." Which left me wondering when that became a socially acceptable thing to say.
A long, uncomfortable silence followed. "There's bottom sex in the first forty pages." I tell her after a while.
Which left me wondering when that became a socially acceptable thing to say.
Next up was a man in his fifties. "I do a bit of writing myself," he tells me, on learning what I do.
"Really? What kind of thing?"
"Well I'm not going to tell you," he says, with a stern look, "you'll steal it."
"I promise I won't." I assure him.
"And I'm supposed to take your word for it, am I? Cos that's not going to happen."
Several glasses of cava later and I'm actually getting into it, though diligently avoid any further mention of bottom sex. Then I see Kay making throat cutting gestures which I take to mean call it a day, or that I'm doing worse than I thought, or that possibly the world's longest pregnancy is about to come to an abrupt and very public end.
Kay, who it turns out can lip-read, almost passes as happy with my progress. And on this one I admit she might have been right. Word of mouth is the best, if not the only, way to sell a book. It is the only method rooted in truth and not mired in manipulation. If a writer can't craft a compelling reason why someone should invest time, energy and emotion getting to know their characters, either in person or through the back cover then why the hell should you?
I guess it's all about touching people. And I mean that emotionally as apposed to groping them.
Next Week -- Social Media --  I'll Like you if you Like me.

This Week s Marketing Lesson Go Topless!reddit
There's a bitter war happening right now in Coshocton County, Ohio between the owner of a strip club and a local church pastor.
The strip club, called Foxhole North, is located in a little town called Newcastle and the church, called New Beginnings, is situated about nine miles away. And for the past eight years the owner of the club and the pastor of the church have been at war. And in war, like everything else, there's always two sides to every story.
The pastor of New Beginnings, Bill Dunfee, believes that the strip club is immoral, gives the area a bad reputation and should be shut down. Thomas George, who runs the strip club, argues that he's breaking no laws and running a legitimate business - so the church should leave him alone. Things have escalated over the past few weeks. Dunfee and his supporters have setup protests outside the strip club and George has responded by sending a few of his strippers to hold signs outside the church on a recent Sunday morning. Oh, and the strippers were topless, too. Apparently this practice is legal in the state of Ohio. Who knew?
Things have escalated to the point of physical confrontations and have gotten so bad that just this week local officials issued a letter to both parties asking them to cease and desist with their weekly protests. The letter, co-signed by the county's prosecutor and sheriff aid that the "dispute gives the county a negative image and stretches local law enforcement." The law director admitted that both Dunfee and George believed in what they're doing and have the right to continue their fight. Apparently, "there's nothing legally he can do to stop the protests, but he hoped both would understand the potential consequences of their actions and desist for the good of the community."
Who's right? Who do you support?
On the one hand, you've got the religious guy who wants what's best for his community. He has his opinions on what's moral. And let's all be honest -no one with kids really wants a strip club nearby. But then you've got the strip club owner who is legally running a business that's providing a service which is clearly in demand. Not only that, the two are located miles apart from each other, not across the street. So why are they fighting? They may say it's about religion, morals or the right to free speech and capitalism.
But it's not really about that. It's about publicity. And marketing. Take note fellow business owners: there's no better way to get PR in this world then to pick a fight with someone. And to have that person fight back. You want them to fight back. Because if you desire attention for your business, your church, or whatever organization you may lead then go to battle. Attack a competitor. Do something outrageous (are topless protestors allowed in my state too?). Provoke your rival.
Everyone within a 50 mile radius of Coshocton country has known about this fight for years. And you can bet it's a popular topic of conversation, topless protestors nothwithstanding. People choose sides. People get passionate. People get excited. They have their opinions. What better way to attract like-minded members to your church then to come together in unity against a moral challenge to your families and community? And what better way to build customer loyalty than to fight people who want to infringe on your personal and legal right to operate your business and provide a service? And what better way to get free attention then to have a public battle? Pepsi did this by calling out Coke. Apple made fun of Windows PCs. Nike and Reebok dissed each others' sneakers. Online bloggers often go viral when they attack other bloggers. Religious leaders like Al Sharpton become national celebrities when they go on TV and yell about an injustice. TV personalities like Jerry Springer and Geraldo Rivera become famous when their guests punch and kick each other.
Want to get attention for your business? Pick a fight with someone. You don't have to take your top off if you don't want. But it may help. Oh, and be grateful when they fight back. This strategy works no matter where you are. Just ask the people of Coshocton.
A version of this column previously appeared on Inc.com .
Follow Gene Marks on Twitter: www.twitter.com/genemarks
More:

15 Effective Ways to Motivate Your Teamreddit
People are the main and the most important resource of each company. For achieving great results each leader needs to have a motivation strategy to create and maintain the spirit of enthusiasm among employees. Below are 15 effective ways for you to motivate your staff and ensure the continuous growth of your organization.
1. Share the Organizational Vision With Each Member
If everyone is aware of the collective vision, which will lead to prosperity and success of each team member, motivation and enthusiasm become the indivisible parts of all activities. Make sure that you continuously concentrate the attention of your staff on the glory of reaching that powerful vision.
2. Communicate With Your Staff
You can't learn about ideas, attitude or concerns of your team members without constant communication. Use each opportunity to interact with them and you will discover hundreds of new ways of organizing your activities more successfully.
3. Make People Feel Appreciated
One of the greatest needs of each person is the need of being appreciated. Very often appreciation is a greater reward than money. Show your sincere gratitude for the unique contribution every one makes to the organization.
4. Support New Ideas
Each team member will feel empowered by the opportunity to not only implement day to day tasks, but as well as suggest new ideas and make them a reality. Give people a chance to take initiative and you will be amazed by their ability to create brilliant ideas.
5. Give Challenging Tasks
People can't grow if they are constantly doing what they have always done. Let them develop new skills by giving challenging tasks. At the same time make sure the tasks are reachable and in the frames of the person's interests.
6. Encourage Creativity
Supervising doesn't mean controlling each and every step. It means making sure that all the organizational activities are being implemented at the highest level. Give people the freedom to find their own unique ways of solving issues. Challenge them to think out of the box.
7. Give Each One Opportunities to Grow
If people know that everything is going to be the same way all the time, they will definitely lose the motivation to put their maximum efforts in work. They should be sure that the devotion and hard work will lead to new personal and professional achievements.
8. Empower Each Individual
Very often people need just a little encouragement to believe in themselves and to realize that they have a greater potential within. Always show your confidence in the unique abilities and potential of your team members.
9. Give as Much Support as You Can
Even if people in your organization are self-disciplined and creative enough for finding solutions to various problems, anyway they are always in need of your guidance. Support them as much as you can, and they will be inspired to do the same for you and for the organization.
10. Manage Each One Individually
Every person has their strengths and weaknesses. Someone may be amazing at public speaking, while the other one has great writing skills. Give people a chance to operate in the frames of their strengths, and they will be more confident and motivated in their activities.
11. Don't Let Your People Become Bored
Do you want your team to be enthusiastic and productive? Then avoid routine. Routine is the enthusiasm killer. Let people explore and discover. Make the work as interesting and engaging as you can.
12. Create Healthy Competition
For this purpose you can effectively use the famous reward system. People contribute their efforts and ideas to the maximum when they know that outstanding excellence will lead to rewards. Just make sure that the reward system is absolutely transparent to everyone.
13. Celebrate Each Success
Even the smallest achievements are worth being celebrated. The road to success consists of thousand small steps. Glorify each and every goal achieved. Show to your team that all of you made one more important step forward.
14. Make Sure There is a Good Working Environment
Research showed that environment is more important to employees than money. This is a great chance for you to create extra motivation for your staff by making the work environment a beautiful place to work, rest and have fun at the same time.
15. Create and Maintain a Team Spirit
Team is like a family, where mutual support and trust are the most important values. Organize team activities both during working time and after. You will have the half of success by creating and maintaining a powerful team spirit at the workplace.
Follow Anush at @anushkostanyan or contact her at anush.kostanyan@gmail.com.
More:

SC notice to Centre on farmers  suicideSep 22, 2014 at 09:04pm IST
SC notice to Centre on farmers' suicide
5
0
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday issued notice to the central government on a petition seeking direction to take steps to prevent the increasing number of suicides by the farmer in different parts of the country on account of their difficult financial conditions.
There is a suicide by a farmer in distress every 32 minute, the plea said.
Seeking the government's response over growing incidence of suicides by farmers, the bench of Chief Justice designate Justice HL Dattu and Justice SA Bobde also sought itss response on the implementation of Dr. MS Swaminathan Committee's recommendations on the farming sector.
The petition said that the cause of gradual shifting of farmers opting out of the agriculture activities is the rise of urban based manufacturing industry.
#supreme court #centre #petition #farmers suicides
The notice returnable in four weeks was issued on a petition by Bathinda-based NGO Youth Kamal Organisation represented by its president Gurmit Singh Mann.
The petition said that between 2004 to 2012, 146,373 famers took their lives that makes 16,263 farmers ending their lives a year at an average of 45 farmer committing suicide every day. Every 32 minutes a farmer ends his life on account of financial stress he faces, it said.
Saying that 60 per cent of the country's population was directly or indirectly dependent on the agriculture sector, the NGO's petition said that the decade between 2001 to 2011 saw the decline in the number of people directly engaged in faming with 90 lakh people opting for other occupations.
The petition said that farmers were being driven to suicide because of agrarian distress. It said that major cause of this agrarian distress is the unfinished land reforms, unavailability of quality and quantity of water, technology fatigue, inadequate institutional credit when required, lack of remunerative prices and unfavourable climatic conditions.
It said that while the hands directly involved in cultivation of their own lands have decreased the number of agriculture labourers have increased and are around 144 million - that is 30 per cent of the total workforce.
The petition said that the cause of gradual shifting of farmers opting out of the agriculture activities is the rise of urban based manufacturing industry.
The petition by the Youth Kamal Organisation sought the implementation of the recommendation of the National Commission on Farmers headed by eminent agriculture scientist Swaminathan and the report of the Working Group of Chief Ministers on Agriculture Production under the chairmanship of Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.
The NGO said that though government under the National Policy for Farmers, 2007, have taken some steps but it has in no way resulted in the amelioration of farmers plight or arresting the ever rising suicide rates amongst them.
0

Two US planes turn back to Dallas after technical issuesPrint
PTI | Houston | Posted: September 22, 2014 10:05 pm
Two American Airlines passenger planes with a total of 382 people on board flew back to Dallas airport on Monday because of technical issues.
The passenger jets landed safely at Dallas Fort Worth International Airport within two minutes of each other, CNN reported.
Flight 1359 made an emergency landing at 12:21 a.m. after the pilot was alerted to a mechanical issue, airline spokeswoman Laura Masvidal said.
The McDonnell Douglas MD-80 plane had left for Fresno, California, with 140 passengers and five crew members an hour earlier.
Masvidal did not say what the mechanical issue was, the report said.
The second flight, AAL 997, was over the Gulf of Mexico on its way to Buenos Aires, Argentina, when a problem with pressurisation turned up.
The Boeing 777-200, carrying 223 passengers and 14 crew members, turned back to have the issue checked out but did not have to make an emergency landing, Masvidal said. It arrived at 12:23 a.m.
Both planes landed safely, and the flights were rescheduled for later times, the report said.

Maharashtra polls: BJPs fresh offer of 130 seats to Sena  but ready to go alonePrint
Maharashtra BJP leaders Eknath Khadse and Vinod Tawade during a press conference after a meeting with party President Amit Shah at party headquarter in New Delhi. Source: PTI photo
Written by Shubhangi Khapre , Liz Mathew | Mumbai | Posted: September 22, 2014 9:18 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 2:07 am
Even as the channels for negotiations with the Shiv Sena are being kept open, the BJP has quietly readied a plan to go without its oldest ally in the coming Maharashtra assembly elections. The party’s top leadership has cleared almost 220 candidates, prepared slogans — for both scenarios — and has already taken the smaller allies into confidence.
Meanwhile, BJP general secretary in charge of Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy said party president Amit Shah has spoken to Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray . “Shah has spoken to Thackeray, and that itself indicates that we are very eager to continue with the alliance,” he said. He claimed that Shah made a “very liberal offer”, climbing down from the initial demand for 135 seats to 130 seats. He also offered to accept the “worst possible seats” which the Sena has not won in the last 25 years, said Rudy.
“We won’t pull the plug. We are hopeful that a solution will be found. The general consensus (at the party’s central election commission and parliamentary board meetings) was that we want to have an alliance and should work towards it… It would be very disheartening if we have to break the alliance,” said Rudy.
Reducing the demand further, a senior BJP leader in Mumbai said, “If the Sena is ready to give us 126 seats, the alliance stays. Otherwise, consider it the end of the alliance.” But Thackeray continued to keep the BJP hanging. The official response from the Sena office was, “The alliance stays, but the deadlock over seat-sharing continues.”
“At the moment, the status of the Sena-BJP alliance is like that of a patient who is in the ICU,” said Sena MP Sanjay Raut. “It’s on ventilator. But there are cases where patients recover in such critical situations too,” responded a BJP leader.
“We still have to decide on the number of seats. Other things come later,” said central BJP observer O P Mathur. “We have already submitted our proposal — 130 seats for BJP, 140 for Sena and 18 for other allies. We have neither received any formal proposal nor any response from the Sena,” said state BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis.
With the Sena showing no signs of giving in, the BJP has prepared an alternate plan. While both sides had agreed to keep aside 18 seats for the smaller allies — Rashtriya Samaj Party (RSP), Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghana and Republican Party of India (Athawale) — BJP leaders claimed that if the “mahayuti” (grand alliance) in Maharashtra is broken, the smaller parties would remain with it.
Party sources said the BJP, if it goes without continued…

Skeletons found holding hands after 700 years  proving love never diesBy Elahe Izadi September 22 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Is this not the most romantic pair of skeletal remains you have ever laid eyes upon? (Courtesy of University of Leicester Archaeological Services)
Archaeologists in England have made a discovery that puts modern love stories to shame: A pair of 700-year-old skeletons holding hands.
See, it is possible to show a little romance, even after so many years.
University of Leicester archaeologists unearthed the bony pair in the lost chapel of St. Morrell in Leicestershire, according to the university . The site served as a point of pilgrimage in Hallaton during the 14th century and has been the center of a four-year excavation project.
In total, 11 skeletal remains have been found buried in the chapel. University of Leicester Archaeological Services project manager Vicki Score said the recovery team has found other couples buried in one grave in the town.
"The main question we find ourselves asking is why were they buried up there? There is a perfectly good church in Hallaton," she said in a statement. "This leads us to wonder if the chapel could have served as some sort of special place of burial at the time."
The man and woman could have been pilgrims, or perhaps the two people weren't allowed to be buried in the main church because they were foreigners, criminals or sick, according to the university.
We've seen couples sticking together beyond that whole 'til death do you part business before; in 2007, a pair of 6,000-year-old skeletons were found locked in an apparently eternal embrace in Italy and promptly dubbed the "Lovers of Valdaro."
It turns out that they were the remains of a man and woman between the ages of 18 and 20 who could have died while holding onto each other, although it's more likely they were just buried that way, according to Silvia Bagnoli , president of the Lovers in Mantua association.
Embracing couples have also been unearthed in Siberia.  It's still unclear, exactly, why  they were buried that way.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

The attack of the migrants  or so says CalaisA migrant from Sudan in the French town seen as gateway to Britain. ( Source: Reuters )
Calais | Posted: September 22, 2014 11:54 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 12:03 am
BY: ELAINE GANLEY
African migrants are ambushing trucks, jumping on vacationers’ cars and fighting over turf, new tactics in an increasingly desperate struggle to cross the English Channel to Britain — the land they see as their Eldorado. Pouring in at an ever-faster pace, they are overwhelming police in the northern French town of Calais and fuelling a far-right backlash.
Calais officials in turn have hunkered down in crisis mode, increasing security and making threats to Britain, which they accuse of not helping shoulder the burden. Mayor Natacha Bouchart vowed last week to shut down the port if British Prime Minister David Cameron doesn’t visit Calais to assess the problem.
City officials say at least 1,300 migrants, mainly from Africa — Eritrea, Sudan, Somalia — and Afghanistan, are now in Calais. They fear the number could rise to 5,000 by the year end. That represents a small portion of those flooding into Europe — most via Italy, where some 60,000 have arrived so far this year — but those looking to go to Britain end up in Calais, a city of 75,000 with soaring joblessness. “Calais is stuck in a global problem that nobody wants to deal with,’’ said Philippe Mignonet, deputy mayor for security.
Last week, about 100 migrants stormed the well-guarded port, climbing over towering fences to rush security guards, an invasion that forced one ferry loading vehicles to temporarily pull up its ramp. Migrants regularly pelt freight trucks headed to the port with stones to slow them down so they can hop into the back, police say.
“They’re attacking,’’ said Gilles Debove, who acts as a police spokesman. Increasingly, he said, migrants pretend to faint in the street at a red light or throw road signs in truckers’ paths to slow them down.
“We are going to counter-attack,’’ port chief Jean-Marc Puissesseau said. “Because the behaviour of migrants is completely new, we have to adapt ourselves.’’ The port currently pays 15 million euros a year to security personnel to keep migrants out.
The police presence in Calais has been strengthened, including with dogs for night patrols. But truck drivers remain wary. They must pay hefty fines in Britain if caught with migrants hiding in their cargo holds. Dincer Ozdemir, a Turkish trucker, said 13 migrants were once caught in his truck and he had to pay a 150 euro fine.
Tensions have simmered for years in Calais, seen as the gateway to a promised land with generous benefits for refugees. Officials on both sides of the Channel say that image of Britain is a “myth’’ perpetuated by smugglers. City officials want Britain to help shoulder the financial burden since Calais is a transit stop, and to revise a 2003 accord that puts the onus for stopping migrants on France.
Tensions are nearing a continued…

SMW Mumbai: Social media has changed political discourse like never beforeThe panel was moderated by Indian Express New Media head Anant Goenka.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Mumbai | Posted: September 22, 2014 10:20 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 12:09 am
Social media has changed the political campaign and discourse in India like never before, agreed a panel discussing the learnings from the Lok Sabha elections and the last two US elections as part of the Social Media Week Mumbai on Monday.
The panel was hosted by The Indian Express Group as part of the Social Media Week, being organised simultaneously in many cities across the world.
While Maharashtra Health Minister and Congress leader Suresh Shetty accepted that social media will play a role in all future elections, he said the biggest impact of social media in India would be in how it has allowed people to ask direct questions to their elected representatives.
BJP MP Poonam Mahajan said that while social media is a good platform to reach out, she also went to every galli-mohalla as part of the campaign. “You have to ensure that the real and virtual connect in some way,” she said, while adding that all BJP leaders have been asked to open social media accounts and use it effectively to engage with their voters.
On what the US can teach us, MSNBC journalist Richard Lui said the 2008 Obama camoiagn was more about saying “we know how to use social”, while the next election showed which one of them could go out and swing an election. “In India, May 2014 was a good indicator of a succesful social media campaign, but the next elections will show who is able to go ahead and use this data to win an election,” Lui added.
However, Gautam Chikermane, New Media head at Reliance Industries, countered Twitter India head Rishi Jaitley calling May 2014 a Twitter election. “A lot of Twitter was loose conversartions, some of which got picked up by traditional media who did their due dillegence and raised it as an issue. To call this a Twiter election would be stretching it a bit,” he said.
While there was consensus that politicians were changing in the social media age, Lui summarised that as politicians were adding muscle, so where their voters thanks to social media platforms. The panel was moderated by Indian Express New Media head Anant Goenka.
Earlier in the day, Group M South Asia CEO C V L Srinivas highlighted the growing might of social media in India by elaborating how while the top english language newspaper in India had just 7.5 million readers every day, Facebook has over 11 million daily active users.
However, advertising professional, marketer and investor Mahesh Murthy put things in perspective by saying that a brand like Apple did not have a Facebook or Twitter presence but was connecting with its target audience pretty well. “You don’t need a social media agency or social media strategy if you have a good product,” he said, adding that paying for likes or social media growth was defeating continued…

Maintain good rapport with mediaUpdated: September 22, 2014 23:40 IST
‘Maintain good rapport with media’
Correspondent
The HIndu IT Minister Palle Raghunatha Reddy. File Photo: K.R. Deepak
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Minister for I & PR and IT Palle Raghunatha Reddy said that journalists would highlight positive points of the government schemes if only the officials concerned maintained cordial relations with them. The Minister was reacting when some of the journalists informed him that there was no information about his visit to the town on Monday.
Mr. Reddy was here to review functioning of I & PR, cultural activities, Minority Welfare, and Wakf Board. The Minister said asked Assistant Director (I & PR) Prasad to issue rejoinders to adverse reports appeared in the media. Mr. Reddy said that the government would soon issue health cards and house sites to eligible journalists. Later, at Meet-the-Press programme, organised by APUWJ, the Minister said that the government would setup Press Academy and conduct training classes for journalists.

Adarsh case: HC to decide next week on CBI s plea for dropping Ashok Chavan s name3
0
Mumbai: The Bombay High Court on Monday posted for final hearing on September 29 an appeal filed by the CBI challenging a trial court's order rejecting its plea to drop the name of former Maharashtra chief minister Ashok Chavan from the list of accused in Adarsh scam case.
Justice ML Tahilyani heard arguments briefly and ordered that he would finally hear the matter next Monday and pass an order on the same day itself after hearing Chavan and an intervenor.
A Congress stalwart from Marathwada region and one of its two MPs in the state, Chavan is also heading the Election Coordination Committee for Maharashtra Assembly elections scheduled on October 15.
In its interim order last month, the high court had stayed Chavan's prosecution until the CBI's appeal is decided.
#maharashtra #adarsh scam #adarsh #cbi
In its interim order last month, the high court had stayed Chavan's prosecution until the CBI's appeal is decided. The special CBI court, in January this year, had turned down CBI's plea to drop Chavan's name from the FIR after the then Maharashtra Governor K Sankaranarayanan refused sanction to prosecute him for want of evidence.
Chavan had stepped down from the post of chief minister after the Adarsh scam came to light in 2010. CBI had accused him of approving additional floor space index for Adarsh housing society in South Mumbai in return for flats for his relatives.
He was also charged with illegally approving, as state revenue minister, allotment of 40 per cent of flats to civilians though Adarsh Society was meant only for Kargil war widows and defence personnel.
The high court on Monday allowed former journalist Ketan Tirodkar, who had filed an application seeking to vacate the stay on prosecution of Chavan, to intervene in the matter. Tirodkar had sought the court's direction to CBI to register offences in the Adarsh scam and transfer investigation of missing files case, an offshoot of the scam, from Marine Drive police to CBI as it was a connected offence.
The court had then directed CBI to amend its FIR by invoking Benami Properties Transaction Act. In the application pleading for vacating the stay on Chavan's prosecution, Tirodkar contended that CBI's revision application should be dismissed as the agency cannot challenge an interlocutory order of the trial court, which had rejected its application to strike out Chavan's name as an accused.
His application further argued that no court can grant a stay for any reason whatsoever upon the proceedings under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. Tirodkar had alleged that CBI had "deliberately" sent the proposal for sanction u/s 197 of CrPc to the Governor so as to give room for him (governor) to "favour" the accused (Chavan) who was arraigned by honest officers in the
investigating agency.
His application further alleged that Chavan had met the Governor when the CBI's proposal for sanction was pending before the latter which was not proper. The judge today observed that the issue which has to be decided by the high court is whether section 169 of Cr.PC, which deals with the release of the accused when there is deficient evidence, is applicable or not in this case.
CBI pleaded that since the governor had refused to grant sanction, it had no material to prosecute Chavan and hence its application under section 169 of CrPc to discharge Chavan should be allowed. Chavan's lawyer Amit Desai also supported CBI's plea.
0

Gujarat a guiding force for water conservation  says Uma BhartiSep 22, 2014 at 11:02pm IST
Gujarat a guiding force for water conservation, says Uma Bharti
11
0
Ahmedabad: Union Minister for Water Resources and Ganga Rejuvenation Uma Bharti on Monday praised Gujarat government for the work done by it in keeping rivers clean and announced launch of a nationwide water management programme next year.
"I appreciate the work done here in keeping the rivers clean and in conservation of water. From the first week of 2015-16, my ministry is planning to launch a nationwide programme for water conservation," she told reporters at Siddhpur town in north Gujarat.
The BJP leader performed 'shradhh' ritual of her mother at Bindu lake there and then visited Saraswati river, considered to be the branch of lost Saraswati river. "We need to conserve monsoon water and that of rivers for our use. And, I believe that Gujarat will guide us in this direction," she said.
The BJP leader performed 'shradhh' ritual of her mother at Bindu lake there and then visited Saraswati river, considered to be the branch of lost Saraswati river.
#gujarat #uma bharti #tracking the modi government #ganga
Bharti also hinted at devising a plan to clean river Ganga on the lines of Sabarmati riverfront, saying Narendra Modi has become prime minister to develop the country as well as to clean Ganga.
"The way Chinese President was taken for a walk on the banks of Sabarmati, we cannot take him on the banks of Ganga or Yamuna at present. Thus, I think that Modi has become our prime minister for the development of India as well as to clean Ganga," she said.
"Just like Gujarat became a model state after Modi became its chief minister, India will become a model country for other nations after five years. I firmly believe that Modiji will accomplish it," she said.
Bharti also called on Chief Minister Anandi Patel in Gandhinagar and later visited Sabarmati riverfront.
1

NIA files supplementary charge sheet against 20 IM operativesSep 22, 2014 at 10:48pm IST
NIA files supplementary charge sheet against 20 IM operatives
10
0
New Delhi: National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Monday filed a supplementary charge sheet against 20 alleged operatives of banned terror group Indian Mujahideen (IM), including Haidar Ali alias "Black beauty", for waging war against the country.
In the supplementary charge sheet filed in the special NIA court, 17 absconding accused including Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal and Amir Reza Khan have been charged for executing terrorist acts like bomb blasts at various places across the country.
In the charge sheet, the NIA has cited prosecutable evidence indicating the involvement of the accused persons which includes recovered e-mails and chat logs, extracts of DNA recovered from hide outs, record of financial transactions across international boundaries in addition to oral testimony
A total of 29 operatives of the Indian Mujahideen have been charge sheeted so far by the NIA during it probe of the case.
#nia #indian mujahideen #dna #delhi
of witnesses.
This is the second supplementary charge sheet filed by NIA in the case which was registered by the agency in 2012 to probe the activities or IM along with its 'sleeper cells' based in the country and abroad.
The NIA was tasked to unravel and prevent conspiracy hatched by the terror group for targeting various important and prominent places of India including Delhi by triggering bomb blasts, with the active aid and support from their Pakistan-based operatives and associates.
A total of 29 operatives of the Indian Mujahideen have been charge sheeted so far by the NIA during it probe of the case. Monday's charge sheet named Tahseen Akhtar alias Monu, Zia Ur Rehman alias Waqas, a Pakistani national, besides Ali.
Dreaded terrorists like Riyaz Ahmed Shah alias Riyaz Bhatkal, Mohammed Iqbal alias Iqbal Bhatkal, who hail from Bhatkal area of Karnataka and Amir Reza Khan of Kolkata and Mohsin Chowdhry of Pune, who were among the first to have started IM, have been named in the charge sheet.
Azamgargh module of Indian Mujahideen which included Ariz Khan, Mohd. Sajid, Shahnawaz Alam, Mirza Shadab Beg, Mohd Khalid, Abu Rashid and Mohammed Rashid have also been named. Others accused include Mohammed Saleem Ishaqui, Afif Jailani, Abdul Khadir Sultan, Mohammed Shafi, Mohammed Hussain Farhan and Anwar Husain (all from Bhatkal area of Karnataka).
1

Guess Who s Leading on Paid Leave (Hint: Not Us)reddit
Earlier this month, I was in Melbourne, Australia representing our government at a meeting of Labor Ministers of the world's 20 major economies.
After sitting down with my G20 counterparts and learning more about their policies relating to work and workplaces, my main takeaway is that the United States is distressingly behind the curve on paid family leave .
It's incomprehensible to me that we're the only industrialized nation without a national paid leave law of any kind. How can we say we're for family values when so many women in the United States have to jeopardize their livelihood to take a few weeks off from work after giving birth? Should a man have to sacrifice his economic security to take care of his sick mother or his wife returning wounded from active duty?
Our global partners have figured this out, building a solid consensus around these issues. They've taken partisanship and ideology out of the debate to recognize this for what it is -- a 21st-century economic imperative. They've discovered that paid leave, child care and similar policies increase our human capital by bringing more women into the labor force. They know it's possible to have a growing economy, thriving businesses and family-friendly workplaces. They've realized we have to give people the tools to be productive employees and attentive parents -- the two aren't mutually exclusive, they go hand-in-hand.
Consider these examples:
Canada guarantees at least 15 weeks of paid maternity leave, with some employee cost-sharing as part of the national employment insurance system. Parental leave is 37 weeks shared between both parents with similar payments. There is also child care support of $100 per month for children under six.
The United Kingdom allows women to take up to 52 weeks of maternity leave (including 39 weeks with pay), in addition to a range of options for paternity leave.
Australia offers up to 18 weeks of parental leave with financial support, and at 5.8 percent its unemployment rate is lower than ours. The conservative Australian government didn't embrace this policy grudgingly; they made it a centerpiece of their campaign platform and want to extend it to 26 weeks with more financial support.
Brazilian unemployment is comparable to ours, but their women get 120 days of leave at 100 percent pay.
Japan offers paid maternity leave at slightly reduced salary and benefits for up to 14 weeks of total leave. Moreover, Prime Minister Abe has made "Womenomics" -- increasing GDP by boosting female labor force participation -- a cornerstone of his governing agenda.
So, where does that leave us? While the rest of the world leans in, we're still falling behind.
Unfortunately, there isn't much appetite in this Congress for forward progress on these issues. But instead of waiting for leadership from Capitol Hill, we're incentivizing reforms at the state level where so much public policy innovation takes place. Later this week, I'll announce the winners of $500,000 in total grants for states to explore the feasibility and evaluate the effectiveness of paid leave policies. Currently, California , Rhode Island and New Jersey stand alone as states with paid family and medical leave laws.
Our pressing challenge right now is to ensure shared prosperity, to build an economy that works for everyone. That means investing in the middle class, rewarding hard work and responsibility, ensuring that everyone has a chance to succeed. Paid leave has to be at the center of those efforts.
Follow Thomas E. Perez on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LaborSec
More:

Whole Foods  Reputation May Finally Be Catching Up With Itreddit
For years, Whole Foods has shrugged off criticism that it should be renamed "Whole Paycheck" because it is so expensive. But its high-priced reputation might finally be starting to hurt it.
The grocery chain's competitors are luring shoppers away with lower prices, threatening to unlock its long stranglehold on the market for organic food, according to a new note by analysts at Wolfe Research, a New York investment research firm.
Recently, stores ranging from Kroger to Walmart to Sprouts have undercut Whole Foods by bulking up their own, lower-priced healthy offerings.
In its latest quarter, Whole Foods reported that sales at stores open at least a year -- a key retail metric known as "same-store sales" -- rose 3.9 percent . That's not bad, but the company once regularly clocked same-store sales growth of about 8 percent . Its stock price, meanwhile, is down 40 percent since late October 2013.
“The emergence of the multi-pronged competitive attack on Whole Foods by generally lower-priced competitors suggests to us that Whole Foods’ business model faces a very real, clear and present danger,” Wolfe analysts wrote in a note last week.
Wolfe Research compared the average price of a basket of groceries at Whole Foods to average prices of baskets at prominent grocery stores in various regions. What they found is that Whole Foods' prices tended to be much higher across the board:
Whole Foods' prices versus prices elsewhere.
Whole Foods' produce prices versus prices elsewhere.
Whole Foods is responding by testing a rewards program and launching a national marketing campaign , two things the grocery giant has resisted for years. It has also lowered prices over the past several months, though shoppers have been slow to take notice .
Whole Foods co-CEO Walter Robb acknowledged the company's struggles in an interview with CNBC earlier this month . But he said that the steps the retailer has taken will ensure a “very bright future.”
Wolfe analysts argue that Whole Foods hasn't done enough to turn sluggish sales trends around. Even significantly lowering prices won't be enough, in their view.
Whole Foods did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
More:

Maril Montero: "La carta de la familia de Asunta la firma un tal Q.D.E.P."Mariló Montero: "La carta de la familia de Asunta la firma un tal Q.E.P.D."
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
Mariló Montero, presentadora de La Mañana de La 1 en Televisión Española, suma otra perla a su colección de frases polémicas. Esta mañana, tras comentar en directo la esquela de Asunta Basterra publicada este domingo en la prensa gallega con motivo del primer aniversario de su muerte, ha afirmado que "la carta de la familia la firma un tal Q.E.P.D.", siglas que significan "Que descanse en paz".
Un colaborador ha corregido a la presentadora, aclarándole el significado de la abreviatura, a lo que Mariló Montero ha respondido "Perdón, vale". Minutos después ha pedido disculpas por su confusión. "Lo siento enormemente, de todo se aprende. Pido que este asunto quede ahí porque rodea el fallecimiento de una criatura y debe ser tratado con rigor y respeto".
En este vídeo puedes ver tanto el lapsus de Mariló Montero como su disculpa posterior.
Mariló pide disculpas por su 'lapsus' con la carta Asunta
No es la primera vez que la presentadora realiza un comentario controvertido sobre la muerte de Asunta. En el día que se halló su cadáver, el pasado 3 de octubre. afirmó que "si acababa de ser asesinada, todavía está blandita" . Aquí puedes recordarlo.
En esta galería puedes volver a ver otras frases y momentos polémicos de Mariló Montero, desde su confusión entre los ríos Miño y Nilo hasta su encontronazo con Anne Igartiburu .
Close
Las perlas de Mariló Montero
de

Rubber board data points to mismatch in stock levelRubber board data points to mismatch in stock level
Alibaba raises $25 bn in history s biggest IPOAlibaba raises $25 bn in history s biggest IPO
Map not part of MoUs signed with China: Guj on Cong s chargeMap not part of MoUs signed with China: Guj on Cong s charge
Commodities drop to 5-yr low globallyCommodities drop to 5-yr low globally
Asset allocation should be your top priorityasset allocation should be your top priority
HC rejects Haryana government s plea against MarutiHC rejects Haryana government s plea against Maruti
Reporter Was NOT Prepared For This QuestionUpdated:
09/20/2014 10:59 am EDT
Remember that old trick you'd do when your teacher asked the class a question that you had no idea the answer to? You'd look down at the floor, slowly hide behind your books, pretend to be invisible...
Apparently that same thing works on live TV.
WATCH:

Alibaba s Ma rides  Forrest Gump  story to richesAlibaba's Ma rides 'Forrest Gump' story to riches
AFP  New York, September 20, 2014
First Published: 17:48 IST(20/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:50 IST(20/9/2014)
Comments
In his long road to riches, Alibaba founder Jack Ma says his inspiration has been the film character "Forrest Gump".
"I like that guy. I've been watching that movie about 10 times," Ma said in an interview with CNBC as his Chinese online firm made its historic Wall Street trading debut on Friday. "Every time I get frustrated, I watch the movie."
Ma said the lesson he learned from the blockbuster featuring Tom Hanks was "that no matter whatever changed, you are you. I'm still the guy I was 15 years ago (when I earned) $20 a month."
Ma became excited about the internet during a visit to the United States in 1995 and wanted to find a way to bring the online world to China. In 1999, he convinced friends to give him $60,000 to start an e-commerce firm called Alibaba.
Fifteen years later, the company is an internet giant and Ma — a former English teacher — is among the topmost ranks of China's super-rich, with wealth estimated at $11 billion by Forbes magazine.
Alibaba Group includes Tmall.com for business-to-consumer transactions and Taobao, China's most popular online consumer marketplace with hundreds of millions of products and services listed.
Ma, now 50, gave up his university teaching job after discovering the internet.
Seeing an opportunity for small businesses to buy and sell their goods online, he started Alibaba, initially running the company out of his apartment in the eastern city of Hangzhou.
"The first time I used the internet, I touched the keyboard and I find 'well, this is something I believe, it is something that is going to change the world and change China,'" Ma said in a CNN interview.
Compared to Steve Jobs
Ma has inspired strong devotion among his employees and users, drawing comparisons with late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs — although he practices a more open management style.
A devotee of t'ai chi, he has made references to Chinese martial arts in both business strategy and corporate culture.
Porter Erisman, a former Alibaba employee who made a documentary about the firm, "Crocodile in the Yangtze," said: "What Silicon Valley is known for, he embodies a lot of that with Chinese characteristics — that spirit of openness, risk-taking, innovation."
Ma graduated from the Hangzhou Teachers' Institute with a major in English-language education, and went on to teach at another university in the city, where Alibaba is still headquartered.
Chinese state media have burnished his rags-to-riches story, saying his parents were poorly educated and his father depended on a monthly retirement allowance of just $40 to support the family.
Ma's success was evident after Alibaba's Taobao bested eBay in China, forcing the US auction site to largely withdraw from the country in 2006.
In characteristic language, he threw down a challenge to the world's global internet giants in a memo sent to the company's more than 20,000 employees as it filed for the IPO.
"Fifteen years ago, Alibaba's 18 founders were determined to set up a global internet company originated by Chinese people, with hopes it would become one of the world's top 10 internet companies, a company which will exist for 102 years," he said.
On Friday, he told CNBC that he hopes Alibaba will one day be "bigger than Wal-Mart" and have a huge impact on the world.
"We have a dream," he said. "We hope people say in 15 years this is a company like Microsoft, like IBM."

Eight Indians in Fortune list of 25 powerful Asia-Pacific womenComments
As many as eight Indian women, led by ICICI Bank chief Chanda Kochhar, have made it to the Fortune list of 25 most powerful women "shaping the new world order" in the Asia-Pacific region.
Kochhar, ranked highest among Indian women, has been ranked second across the region, while three others -- SBI's Arundhati Bhattacharya (4th), HPCL's Nishi Vasudeva (5th) and Axis Bank's Shikha Sharma (10th) -- have also made it to the top-10.
The list is topped by Australian banking major Westpac's chief Gail Kelly.
   
Other Indians on the top-25 list include Biocon chief Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw (19th), National Stock Exchange CEO Chitra Ramkrishna (22nd), HSBC's Naina Lal Kidwai (23rd) and TAFE chairman and CEO Mallika Srinivasan (25th).
Releasing the latest rankings, the Fortune magazine said that women around the world are continuing to win the top jobs, so much so that more than a third of the women on this Asia-Pacific list are making their debut in the coveted list, including two from India.
   
The two Indian new entrants are Bhattacharya and Vasudeva.
"More and more businesswomen are taking tougher jobs and helming bigger firms. More than a third of the women on our Asia-Pacific list are making their MPW (most powerful women) debut," Fortune said.
Among Indians, Bhattacharya is ranked second after Kochhar and is the first woman to hold the three-year post at SBI, who oversees a 208-year-old institution with $400 billion in assets and 218,000 employees dispersed among 16,000 bank branches across India.
On the other hand, Vasudeva, 58, became the first woman to head an Indian oil company and is "and one of only four women to helm a Global Fortune 500 firm in the Asia-Pacific region".
NSE's Ramakrishna is the only woman on the list heading a stock exchange.
Meanwhile, PepsiCo's India-born CEO Indra Nooyi has been ranked third among world's most powerful business woman by Fortune in its worldwide list. Nooyi is only Indian-origin woman on this year's global list, which has been topped by IBM chairman and CEO Ginni Rometty and General Motors CEO Mary Barra.

Bajaj Finance housing arm to give 2 000 cr home loans in FY16Comments
Non-banking financial services player Bajaj Finance, which is gearing to launch a dedicated housing finance subsidiary next fiscal, aims to disburse up to Rs. 2,000 crore in home loans to the affluent class in FY16, a top official said.
"We expect to start operations for the housing finance company in the first quarter of FY16 and will look at disbursements of Rs. 1,800-2,000 crore by March 2016," Bajaj Finance chief executive Rajiv Jain told PTI.
He said that the company would be target the affluent and super affluent sections of society for its home loans business and focus on the self-employed category.
A typical loan to the self-employed would be between Rs. 1.2 crore and Rs. 1.3 crore, while a loan to a salaried person would be between Rs. 75 lakh and Rs. 80 lakh, Jain said.
Last week, the Pune-headquartered company announced its plans to spin off a separate subsidiary for its home finance business, to take advantage of certain benefits which accrue to a dedicated housing finance company.
After putting in seed capital worth Rs. 10 crore, it would apply to the housing finance sector regulator National Housing Bank (NHB) to start its operations.
Bajaj Finance already has a mortgage book and such loans constitute around 40% of its book at present.

For an Indian pivot in the Ebola fightUpdated: October 1, 2014 07:23 IST
For an Indian pivot in the Ebola fight 
Thi Minh Phuong Ngo
Tweet
UNICEF TAP THIS RESERVOIR: India’s large cadre of epidemiologists, laboratory scientists and medical practitioners can help support diagnosis, the training of health workers, or clinical services in Ebola treatment units. Picture shows health workers preparing for work outside an isolation unit in Foya district, Lofa County in Liberia in July.
UNICEF In August 2014 in Sierra Leone, an outreach worker speaks with residents about the symptoms of Ebola virus disease (EVD) and best practices to help prevent its spread, in Freetown, the capital.
UNICEF In July 2014 in Sierra Leone, a health worker, wearing head-to-toe protective gear, offers water to a woman with Ebola virus disease (EVD), at a treatment centre for infected persons in Kenema Government Hospital, in the city of Kenema, Eastern Province. A young boy stands nearby.
UNICEF In July 2014 in Liberia, health workers, wearing head-to-toe protective gear, prepare for work, outside an isolation unit in Foya District, Lofa County.
TOPICS
preventive medicine
With better connectivity changing the way emerging infectious diseases are spreading, India needs to be ready especially with decisive action in support of affected countries 
It is a safe guess that many people in India would find it hard to tell whether Ebola is the name of an illness, a flower, or a Bollywood actress. The first answer is correct, and wide awareness of the facts is essential to fight this dreadful disease. What then is Ebola, why is it a concern for India and what should India be doing?
Ebola is a rare disease caused by one of five virus strains found in several African countries. There is no cure or vaccine against it — at least not yet. And the largest Ebola outbreak in history is currently spinning out of control in West Africa.
Increased human mobility and connectivity have radically changed the way in which emerging infectious diseases spread across regions and across the world. India is at risk and it is only a matter of time before cases of Ebola appear in the continent (45,000 Indians are estimated to be living in the affected regions of West Africa). The Indian government has some plans to ward off an Ebola outbreak. But the Ebola epidemic also demands that swift and decisive action be taken in support of affected countries.
The outbreak
The outbreak started in Guinea in late December 2013 and quickly affected Sierra Leone and Liberia, with which Guinea shares porous borders. Ebola cases and deaths have increased rapidly and started surging exponentially in recent weeks, affecting nearly all regions in Sierra Leone and Liberia, including (for the first time in the history of Ebola outbreaks) the densely populated capital cities of Conakry, Freetown and Monrovia. Ebola also reached the megacities of Lagos and Port Harcourt in Nigeria as well as Dakar, the capital city of Senegal (where it was brought by two persons travelling by road and by plane). Fortunately, it remains contained in these two countries. As of September 13, 2014, there were close to 5,000 cases — confirmed or suspected — and about 2,500 deaths in the three intensely affected countries. About half of them appeared in the preceding 21 days.
Ebola tends to create panic because it has a high case fatality rate: up to 90 per cent in past outbreaks and 35 to 64 per cent in the current one. However, early public health measures can greatly help to prevent the spread of the disease. Ebola can only spread after a person infected with the disease exhibits symptoms, and a healthy person comes in direct contact with his or her blood and body fluids (e.g. vomit, secretions, sweat) through broken skin or mucous membranes. This makes it easier for healthy persons to protect themselves from infection. The most affected people have been those who take care of, or come in close contact with the sick people once the symptoms have appeared (usually within two to 21 days of contracting the virus): family members, health workers, and in the case of West and Central Africa, family and friends touching the highly infectious body of the deceased during elaborate funerals.
Containment is readily achievable through supportive treatment and well-known preventive measures — isolation, infection control, contact tracing, surveillance, all complemented with raising awareness about prevention among local communities. Nevertheless, on June 23, 2014, the Ebola outbreak was declared “out of control” by Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF, also known as Doctors without Borders). On August 8, it was called a “Public Health Emergency of International Concern” by the World Health Organization.
Factors causing spread
The spread of Ebola in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone and then across borders has been fuelled by a combination of factors. Both Sierra Leone and Liberia have recently emerged from civil wars and are among the poorest countries in the world, with abysmal human development indicators. Health systems in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia have buckled under the strain of the Ebola outbreak. Prior to the Ebola crisis, health workers went on strike over delayed wage payments, low salaries and poor working conditions. When Ebola arrived, they found themselves in insufficient numbers, under-equipped (Malaysia is sending gloves) and underprepared to control the disease. In Sierra Leone and Liberia, treatment units are overwhelmed and have to refuse potentially infected patients. Inadequate infection control systems for health workers have meant that doctors and nurses have become infected during routine contact with patients and have died in numbers. Health-care centres have closed as fear has caused patients to keep away and medical staff to flee. Lack of treatment facilities, stigma and distrust push families to keep sick patients at home.
Ebola has already brought health systems and entire countries to their knees. The impact of Ebola goes far beyond its lethality. This is because although Ebola has a low risk of transmission, the lack of a cure and high fatality rates have created fear, panic and confusion, inflicting a disproportionate social and economic toll.
Can such a scenario happen in India? While risks remain low, a single imported case in a densely populated area with weak health systems and intense poverty can spark an outbreak, as it was feared in Lagos and Port Harcourt.. Many other countries, rich and poor, are also at risk: the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the U.S. is preparing health clinics and health workers on U.S. soil to control a potential outbreak. India’s high population density and crowded slums with extreme poverty and poor sanitation make it a particularly vulnerable spot. The world has proved unprepared to deal with a rapidly evolving health emergency in destitute nations with grave international implications. But the international community is finally mobilising. Over the past week or so, we have seen Cuba committing 165 health workers and China adding a mobile laboratory with 59 clinicians and laboratory technicians (in addition to 115 Chinese medical staff already on the ground) to support the fight against Ebola in Sierra Leone. In a major move, U.S. President Barack Obama decided to send 3,000 military personnel to Liberia to help train 500 health workers per week and build 17 Ebola treatment units. On September 18, the U.N. Security Council declared the West Africa Ebola outbreak “a threat to peace and security,” called on all Member States to contribute to the response, and established a special United Nations Mission (UNMEER) to coordinate the Ebola Emergency Response.
What India can do
India, too, can contribute to global efforts to quell the Ebola crisis. It has a large cadre of epidemiologists, laboratory scientists, doctors and nurses who are experienced in epidemic control and can help support diagnosis, the training of health workers, or clinical services in Ebola treatment units. It also has a large number of social mobilisers who have proved their abilities in health campaigns such as the polio eradication campaign. They could contribute their experiences in community empowerment (one of the cornerstones of the Ebola response), address rumours and fears and help communities regain trust in the humanitarian response.
These resources are waiting to be mobilised, both to help contain the crisis in West Africa and to ensure that India is prepared for a possible Ebola emergency in the near future. By stepping decisively into the fray, India will signal that it stands with other world powers in the front line of the global fight against Ebola as well as other emerging infectious diseases. It is only when the outbreak is controlled in West Africa that nations will have done all they could to protect their own citizens from a possible outbreak of Ebola on their shores.
(Thi Minh Phuong Ngo is a UNICEF economic and social policy specialist based in Dakar, Senegal.)

HDFC Bank: All set to outperformE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tribune Media files documents in preparation for stock exchange listing0
Tribune Media’s real estate portfolio consists of 80 properties and some 8 million square feet of space. Tribune Publishing is the largest tenant, leasing about 4.1 million square feet. The company says that 5 million square feet and approximately 350 acres are available for full or partial redevelopment, including the Los Angeles Times Building in Los Angeles, and Tribune Tower and the Freedom Center printing facility in Chicago.  
Last week, Tribune Media said it was looking for a partner to redevelop a seven-acre property along the Chicago River formerly used to support printing operations. The site is located across the street from Freedom Center, which prints the Chicago Tribune and other newspapers.
The SEC filing also included compensation for Tribune Media executives. Topping the list was CEO Peter Liguori, who made nearly $8.8 million last year, including a $1.5 million salary, a $1.75 million bonus, $4.2 million in stock awards and $1.2 million in option awards. 
Tribune Media, formerly known as Tribune Co., did not name the exchange it is seeking to list its Class A common stock on, the symbol it will trade under or the specific timing, all of which will be included in subsequent filings.
As of June 30, Tribune Media had nearly 94 million outstanding shares of Class A stock, according to the filing.  There are also nearly 3 million shares of Class B stock and another 3.5 million in outstanding warrants, which are immediately convertible into Class A stock.
Approximately 36 percent of outstanding Class A common stock is owned by Oaktree Capital Management, Angelo, Gordon & Co. and JPMorgan Chase, the former senior creditors of Tribune Co., which emerged from bankruptcy at the end of 2012.
Tribune Media currently trades as an over-the-counter stock under the symbol TRBAA. The stock closed at $73.65 on Monday, giving the company a market capitalization of $7.12 billion.
Last month, the company spun off its newspaper business, including the Chicago Tribune, to focus on its higher-growth broadcasting and entertainment assets, as well as real estate holdings and equity investments. 
Tribune Publishing trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TPUB.
Copyright © 2014, Chicago Tribune
Related Content

UP Muslims see hope in Narendra Modis patriotism remarkComments
Narendra Modi’s conciliatory statement on Indian Muslims has stirred a debate among Uttar Pradesh’s 40 million Muslims, with community leaders agreeing that their lingering distrust of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) could be removed if the prime minister walked the talk.
Modi praised the patriotism of Indian Muslims in an interview with CNN last week, saying they could live and die for their country.
The comments have been variously analysed. While some felt it was aimed at broadening his appeal among moderate Hindus and minorities after reverses in a string of by-polls so early on in his term as prime minister, the Congress said the remarks were made to please his American audience ahead of his US visit and did nothing to tamp down Hindu fundamentalists.
But, among the Muslims of Uttar Pradesh, Modi’s words have sparked deep interest over whether they reflected a fundamental shift in the way the prime minister perceived the community and signalled an effort to reach out to it.
Read: Indian Muslims won't dance to the tune of al Qaeda, will live and die for India: Modi
A common gripe appeared to refer to Modi’s ability to articulate a moderate position with his party’s ideological parent, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), and numerous other radical Hindu fringe groups.
“It does seem that in his new job and beset with huge responsibilities Modi is certainly trying to attain acceptability of all sections -- a la Atal Bihari Vajpayee, the BJP’s moderate face,” Prof Mohib-ul-Haque of the political science department of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) told HT.
“But for that to happen, he would have to defy the RSS as well as the fringe elements within the (Sangh) Parivar who have been pushing a divisive agenda,” he said, adding that if Modi followed up on his words it could help Muslims drop their “hostility” towards the BJP.
Maulana Kalbe Sadiq, a prominent Lucknow-based cleric, said though he had read comments questioning the timing of the statement, one could hardly disagree with the prime minister.
“Modiji has said that no Muslim would ever side with Al-Qaeda, a terrorist organisation. Now, why should anyone contest that? It’s a fact. Only a crazy person would choose otherwise,” said Sadiq.
But Modi’s unusual praise for the community also caught many Muslims unawares, highlighting the deep religious fault lines over a man many accuse of turning a blind eye to a communal massacre on his watch as chief minister of Gujarat in 2002.
For Shafiq Ahmad, a Noida-based engineer, Modi’s remarks were unexpected.
“It would take a while before the real import of the message sinks in,” Ahmad said.
“It does appear to be an image-makeover attempt. Nothing wrong with that but for it to succeed, Modi would really have to control rabble rousers in the Parivar who often tinker with communal issues for political gains.”
On its part, the RSS is looking to use Modi’s comments to build bridges with Muslims in Uttar Pradesh.
Read: Here's why Modi’s defence of Muslims is expediently wise
“We would be popularizing Modi’s statement among the minorities,” said Mairajdhwaj, an RSS pracharak associated with the Muslim Rashtriya Manch, a Hindu body floated to build consensus among the minorities on contentious issues like the Ram temple.
“I think as far as RSS is concerned it has always stood by nationalist Muslims and the PM’s statement simply underlines it.”
Many Muslims appeared to agree with that argument.
“It’s an emotionally satisfying statement, one that would help Muslims understand that BJP or Modi are not going to eat up the minorities,” said Iqbal Ahmad, a prominent surgeon in Haleema Hospital of minority dominated Mau district.
"Before the Lok Sabha polls, Congress continued to play up Modi's failure to stop the 2002 riots in Gujarat. But the Congress too is guilty of Babri demolition.
“In fact, maximum riots took place with Congress in power. With a little tact Modi can actually help Muslims start believing and trusting the BJP." --

Home sales fall sharply in August5
Some areas are seeing that slowdown taking shape. In Evanston, nondistressed properties saw a median price increase of 3 percent year over year in August, according to Midwest Real Estate Data LLC, the local multiple listing provider.
"I'm not feeling bullish about price increases, but I do feel stability," said Mike Thomas, an @properties agent. "For us, 2013 felt like much more of a normal cycle. This year, the winter was so brutal that the first quarter was not as busy. I expected the rest of the year to pick up, and it hasn't."
Among Chicago-area counties, the declines in sales volume included a 16 percent slump in Cook and Kendall counties, and drops of 23 percent in Lake County and 9 percent in DuPage County.
Bucking that trend was Will County, where August sales rose 10 percent from a year ago.
"We got really hit hard with the foreclosure market and the short-sale market," said Ed Prodehl, president and owner of Coldwell Banker Honig-Bell. "That's the reason we've had a bigger surge than other places. People were laughing at Will County. Now we're coming back fast and rapid."
Nationally, there continue to be concerns about mortgage availability, particularly for first-time buyers entering the market. In August, like July, first-time buyers accounted for 29 percent of home sales, a percentage they have been hovering around for 16 of the past 17 months.
The average FICO credit score of closed mortgage loans was 727, while the average FICO score of applications denied was 695, the highest it has been since December, according to mortgage software company Ellie Mae.
Nothaft predicts that mortgage rates will continue their gradual rise, particularly in the second half of next year as economic growth picks up. By December 2015, the average interest on a 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage will be 5 percent, he said.
"When I talk to people, I like to tell them rates are cheap and they're going to go all the way to low," Nothaft said.

PSBs need upto $ 37 bn capital to meet Basel III normsPSBs need up to $37 bn capital to meet Basel-III norms
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Global rating agency Moody’s said on Monday the 11 Indian public sector banks (PSBs) rated by it will need to raise up to $37 billion in external capital to meet Basel-III norms by March 2019.
This assessment is based on an assumption of a moderate recovery in economic growth and a gradual decline in new non-performing loans (NPLs) formation from the currently elevated levels. According to this, the Indian PSBs  will have to raise between Rs 1.5 lakh crore ($26 billion) and Rs 2.2 lakh crore ($37 billion) as Tier-I capital by FY19, Moody’s said in a statement. These PSBs represent 62 per cent of net loans in the Indian banking system.
“Indian public-sector banks barely meet the current minimum capital requirements, and we anticipate they will find it difficult to raise capital quickly in the current environment,” said Moody’s Vice-President Gene Fang.
Basel-III norms raise the minimum required capital levels for total Tier-1 to seven per cent and for Common Equity Tier-1 (CET1) capital to 5.5 per cent. Plus, banks will need to meet a “capital conservation buffer” in order to pay dividends, Moody’s noted.
This would put pressure on Indian public-sector banks, because low capital levels remain a key credit weakness, the rating agency added.
“Weak asset quality has depressed profitability and internal capital generation, leaving public-sector banks reliant on periodic capital injections from the government,” said Fang.
With the new Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led government at the Centre looking to reduce the country's Budget deficit, the amount available for such injections is not likely to grow. While banks can tap the equity markets to raise capital, with still-low bank valuations, they might struggle to raise the required amount. That's despite the recent rally in Indian stock prices, Moody’s noted.
According to the rating agency, a significant part of the required capital — Rs 80,000 crore ($13 billion) to Rs 90,000 crore ($15 billion) — could be in the form of additional Tier-1 (AT1) capital. AT1 will have a fairly limited role when Basel-III is fully phased in from 2019. However, in the meantime, a significant amount of Indian public-sector banks’ current Tier-1 requirements could be met with AT1 securities.
Under the transitional requirements, AT1 can account for the difference between the targeted eight per cent Tier-1 requirement and the 5.5 per cent minimum CET1 requirement for March 2015.
At the same time, AT1 securities would most likely be sold to domestic or international fixed-income investors.
THE BILLION $ QUESTION
$37 bn: The amount Indian PSBs it rates would need by March 2019 to be Basel-III compliant
Basel-III norms raise the minimum required capital levels for both Tier-I capital to 7% and CET-I capital to 5.5%
These PSBs represent 62% of net loans in the Indian banking system
Around $13-15 billion of the required capital could be in the form of AT1 capital

Sarkozy picks tough path for comebackNicolas Sarkozy picks tough path for comeback
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ac70d582-4244-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s Mars mission a step closer to success with engine testIndia s Mars mission a step closer to success with engine test
Railways forms committee to restructure BoardRailways forms committee to restructure Board
Seat sharing: Shah calls Uddhav as BJP  Sena bickerComments
The deadlock over seat-sharing between the BJP and the Shiv Sena continued Monday but the alliance partners appeared willing to accommodate each other’s concerns, keeping hopes of reconciliation alive.
The BJP sent a fresh proposal to the Shiv Sena, offering to contest 130 seats -- five down from its initial demand of 135 --- in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly but also hinted it was ready to go it alone.
A day after it made the senior ally the “final offer” of 119 seats, the Sena -– through informal channels -- indicated it was willing to concede another six seats to the BJP, sources said. The Sena had Sunday set aside 151 seats for itself.
For weeks, the saffron combine has been fighting bitterly over the number of seats each party will contest in the October 15 state election.
The alliance fancies its chances this time and whichever party gets more seats, will also get the CM’s post.
“In a contingent situation that the BJP is compelled not to contest with the Shiv Sena, we would go it alone on all 288 seats but we will prefer that Shiv Sena comes along,” BJP general secretary in-charge for Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
Video: BJP leaders to meet Shiv Sena to save Maharashtra alliance
The BJP, said sources, was yet to receive a formal response from Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on its fresh demand for 130 seats.
“We have shown some flexibility... Sena should give us those seats where chances of its victory are nil.” There are some 59 seats that the Sena has not won in last five elections.
Late Sunday, the party’s central election committee had finalised candidates for more than 200 seats, sources said. In case of a split, the BJP would “accommodate” the three smaller parties that are part of the Mahayuti, or the grand alliance, the sources said.
Rudy has been asked go to Mumbai and settle things in the next two-three days. September 27 is the last day of filing election papers. The party’s election in-charge Om Mathur is already in Mumbai.
 
Thackeray had called up two senior BJP leaders on Sunday, but failed to secure any concession, a BJP leader told HT. The party, said sources, would wait for the “inauspicious” Pitrapaksha to end -- on September 24 --before announcing candidates.
Read: BJP rejects Sena's 'final' offer
The BJP leaders say they want the alliance to work but a break-up with Sena wouldn’t put the party at a disadvantage.
“We will get an opportunity to make inroads in urban areas where Modi magic will give us an advantage,” a BJP leader said on condition of anonymity.
Rudy earlier said that his party had sent “a very liberal proposal” to Sena as the 130 seats include the “worst” possible seats which its ally had never won in last 30 years. Traditionally, the Shiv Sena has fought more seats than the BJP, which wants a bigger share this time following its Lok Sabha victory.

Employees with work friends more committed to companies  study showsEmployees with work friends more committed to companies, study shows
Chicago Tribune
By Ellen Jean Hirst, Tribune reporter
Study: Employees tend to trust their co-workers more than company leadership
Study: 73 percent of employees have laughed until they (almost) cried with co-workers at work
Employees with work friends are twice as likely to trust company leadership, study shows
A recent national study of worker relationships says work friends matter more than ever and companies should care more about fostering those connections.  
Most full-time employees spend more time with co-workers than their families, the study of 716 randomly sampled workers at companies with at least 500 employees found. The fall edition of the Globoforce Workforce Mood Tracker survey, which is conducted twice a year, was administered in August.
“There is … a strong argument in this data for companies to be more thoughtful about the cultures they are creating,” the report said, “and to actively promote the development of work friendships and emotional connections among employees.”
A few highlights on co-worker relationships:

Have You Accepted Your Position as Chief Email Processorreddit
What's Your Real Job?
Modern connectivity and our obsession with instant information has created the 24/7 workplace.  Our job satisfaction is plummeting while reports of anxiety and overwhelm are skyrocketing.  Fueled by Starbucks and 5 Hour Energy drinks; we start our days earlier, work later and wear multitasking as a badge of honor.  We brag about plowing through hundreds of emails each day, only needing five hours of sleep and how much work we did on Sunday.  Family dinner consists of a fork in the left hand, iPhone in the right and family movie night means you'll grab your tablet to clean up your inbox while you intermittently glance at the television screen to appear present for your kids.
The office workplace is riddled with interruptions from ringing phones, dinging emails, reminders going off from every device imaginable and co-workers continually needing "just a quick" something.  The best of us manage to hang on to fleeting moments where we actually work on our primary job, but have reluctantly accepted our new position as C.E.P. -- Chief Email Processor...
If you're not part of the solution...
But what if this very approach was actually feeding the email beast and zapping productivity?  What if the constant connection, nonstop email checking, extra hours digging out of your inbox and ninja-like multi-tasking skills were actually the lifeblood of the problem in the first place?  As it turns out, this is exactly the case.
Time is stolen in seconds
Quickly and quietly we are being robbed of our most precious commodity.  Our new connectivity has given birth to the 70-hour work week , largely because three-quarters of us are now checking email seven days a week and expect responses to come same day if not quicker.  What's worse is that in addition to the extension of the workweek, countless hours are lost because of the way we are working.
The typical office worker begins the day with email, checks it 50-plus times per day and is distracted every 10.5 minutes by a ringing phone or inbox notification.  The most startling statistic of all?  Productivity drops nearly 40 percent from multitasking.  Why? Because multitasking is a myth !  The brain cannot focus on more than one thing at a time, so what we consider multitasking is actually the back and forth switching of multiple, single focused tasks.
The end result?  A temporary IQ drop of 10 points , a serious extension to the completion time for all tasks and 50 percent more errors along the way.  Our constant obsession with checking the hundreds of emails we get daily, coupled with more than one-quarter of our workday containing every form of interruption imaginable translates to 40 percent of our tasks being left incomplete each day and over 10 hours lost each week.  Our efforts to stay connected and do more things at once are actually causing us to accomplish far less than ever before.
The perfect storm
Rarely does a person change from a gentle tap of reality; it typically takes a knockout punch.  My story is no different.  It was one of life's pivotal moments that came more as a "perfect storm".
The start of the week was not atypical; another skipped workout allowed me to start digging out of my inbox bright & early in my home office while the day unnoticeably drifted into a caffeine fueled blur. The phone rang. It was my doctor calling to confirm my workaholic lifestyle had officially resulted in adrenal fatigue and inactive thyroid.  I looked at the clock. It was after 5 p.m. Another day had slipped away while I mindlessly reacted to incoming email.  My inbox dung -- it was my largest customer reminding me a large proposal was due that night.
As I pondered, I heard a knock at my door and my four-year-old daughter walked in.  "Are you coming to my school party tonight?"  As I explained that I couldn't because something came up for work that I had to do that evening (by came up, I meant something that I didn't do on time), she responded with a calm, matter of fact statement that will forever resonate with me.  "I wish I had two dads; one who could work and the other who could do things with me."  Time for a change would be the understatement of my life...
3 things can fix this mess
Solving this presents an interesting predicament.  It's not like most of us are going to quit our jobs and sever our connection with society.  It's the classic quality for quantity exchange.  How to get more done on the clock so you can free up more time off the clock and still dominate your career without it dominating you?  Can you leverage the advantages of email without it running your life?  Can you get back to using email as a tool to improve productivity instead of it being the reason you lose your mind?
The answer is yes, but new habits must be formed and it stems from focusing on Three Key Principles:
1. Decrease the Noise: You have to remove your digital leash by strategically limiting your connectivity and reducing interruptions.  Notifications should be turned off and you should never check email until well after your day has started.  It should be checked in focused batches and never be monitored 7 days per week.
2. Increase Focus: You must be working on the right things at the right time.  Rethink how you use your attention and you will break the needle on your personal gauge for performance and productivity.  Am email prioritization strategy is the difference between being truly productive vs. just being busy.
3. Increase Speed: Hesitations and decisions are quicksand for productivity, these must be minimized.  Learning to work both efficient and effective is the key to high performance.  If you want true speed, you must couple email search and shortcut techniques along with a plan on what to stop doing.
Email is the quintessential blessing and curse of the modern workplace and should never be approached haphazardly.  You must implement a system to master it.
Let's all agree on one truth: No one's real job is to check email!
Find out more at www.emailsanity.com and connect with Derek below.
--

The Road Between Employment and Entrepreneurship: From Hating to Loving VulnerabilityLast time, I wrote about how traveling the road between employment and entrepreneurship is just one way to grow and develop as a person; to connect with the essence of who you are.
There's one critical ingredient that's necessary for this to take place.
Vulnerability.
For the past month or so, I've been studying Brené Brown's The Power of Vulnerability and observing vulnerability in myself, my clients and other individuals I've encountered. (Basically, if you and I have interacted recently, I've been observing your comfort level with vulnerability).
Based on my study and personal experiences and observations, I've learned three things:
Vulnerability is inevitable
Experiencing vulnerability can be REALLY uncomfortable
And yet, resisting vulnerability is EVEN MORE uncomfortable
The fact that vulnerability involves discomfort makes sense. One doesn't have to go further than the definition to connect these two states of being:
vul·ner·a·ble
: easily hurt or harmed physically, mentally, or emotionally
: open to attack, harm, or damage
copied from Merriam Webster.com
Traveling the Road provides numerous opportunities for vulnerability because you will continually bump up against parts of yourself that need understanding (at the very least) or refining (at the most). These areas will be those parts that are most sensitive, which can make judgment and criticism (from yourself and others), quite painful.
So why travel the Road if vulnerability and discomfort are involved?
Brené Brown concludes that fully embracing vulnerability is necessary for those who want to live wholeheartedly. That is, to live a life of complete passion and commitment. For many of us who have made the transition to entrepreneurship, underneath it all is a desire to live like this. So while we've had to endure many uncomfortable vulnerable moments, we realize that this is necessary if we are to achieve our goal of living a wholehearted life.
I want to get a bit more specific on how opening yourself up to vulnerability can help you as you travel the road between employment and entrepreneurship. The faster you incorporate these, the more wholehearted your life will be.
1. Embracing vulnerability will allow you to embrace Yourself
Instinctively, many of us live to avoid vulnerability. We'd rather not face those parts that are most sensitive because shame quickly follows. And yet, these are the very parts that require compassion if we are to ever feel that we are enough just the way we are.
In quitting law to become an entrepreneur, I quickly discovered that I have a lot of anxiety around money and whether I will always be able to financially support myself. Every time I have a short month and have to tap into savings, this area of sensitivity gets triggered. For a long time, I was afraid to fully acknowledge this because it made me feel so uncomfortable. Recently I decided to fully open up to this part of myself so that I can change my relationship from fear to understanding that money simply flows in and out of life. Every time I feel anxiety, I use it as an opportunity to practice acceptance and compassion. I've slowly learned to embrace it just as I embrace the parts of me I love. (As an added bonus, my anxiety around money is decreasing rapidly).
2. You will discover the individuals who deserve space in your tribe
The moment you open yourself up to vulnerability is the moment you'll be judged and criticized by others. It's just one of those frustrating, yet tried and true, parts of life. Upon being criticized, there will be a compulsion to retreat and hide. To conclude that being vulnerable is a huge mistake.
And yet, leaning into the vulnerability is how you will find those individuals who deserve space in your life.
There will be a select few who decide to respond to your vulnerability with love and empathy. Instead of telling you why you're all wrong or what you "should" do, they will let you know that they are there for you, no matter what.  (**I should note this is NOT akin to people who please you and only tell you the things you want to hear. Your tribe will have that unique ability to give you feedback without being "judgey").
Ironically, one of the first people who responded with love and empathy when I opened up about traveling the road was my boss. She could have given me every reason in the book as to why quitting my job was a bad idea. And yet instead of doing this, she simply listened and offered support. I couldn't have asked for a better friend or colleague to support me as I implemented my exit strategy.
3. A vulnerable life will support you
It seems counterintuitive. How can those parts that are most sensitive support the life and business you want to create for yourself?
By fulling embracing vulnerability, you no longer have to waste energy hiding parts of you that you would rather the world didn't see. You can then use this extra energy to go about serving and creating -- two necessary elements for building your business. Even better, by being compassionate and opening yourself up to love and support from those in your tribe, you'll find that the sensitive areas get stronger.
I didn't believe this at first, and fiercely defended areas where I felt most vulnerable. This inevitably led to frustration (with myself and others) and exhaustion.
And my business suffered.
Being deliberate about embracing vulnerability over that past month is having the exact opposite effect. In opening up to my tribe, they've provided resources and support that speak to my vulnerabilities. This has filled me up so that I now have more energy to deeply connect with clients. This in turn has lead to a more successful business.
If you're interested in fully embracing vulnerability yourself, below are a few things you can do to get started.
Listen to Brené Brown's presentation on vulnerability . (There's also a Ted Talk on this).
Observe areas where you feel vulnerable. (A great start is to look at the parts you would rather the world didn't know about or see).
Choose one area of vulnerability and share it with someone you love and trust.
As you travel the road between employment and entrepreneurship, embracing vulnerability will be one of those things that will help you time and time again. So make sure you take it with you. It's going to be a bumpy, yet beautiful ride.
Follow Erica Noelle Duncan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BusinessAlchmst
More:
What Is Working: Small Businesses
FOLLOW HUFFPOST

A brain wave test could diagnose autistic kids more accurately  and earlierBy Abby Phillip September 22 Follow @abbydphillip
A person poses with an electro-encephalography (EEG) cap, which measures brain activity, at the Technische Universitaet Muenchen near Munich. Autism researchers found promising signs that an EEG can be used to detect symptoms of autism in children and adolescents. (Michaela Rehle/Reuters)
The brains of children and adolescents with severe autism react differently to certain audio-visual stimuli than children and adolescents without autism, according to a new study. The findings have the potential to lead to a more objective and accurate diagnostic tools for the disorder.
The study, which was conducted by researchers at Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University, found that a brain wave test shows promising signs of being an accurate biomarker for autism. The results were published in the  Journal of Autism and Developmental Disabilities on Monday.
"Ultimately, we're on the road to developing measures of brain activity that will help to diagnose or recognize autism," said Sophie Molholm, the study's co-author and associate professor of pediatrics and neuroscience at Albert Einstein College of Medicine. "A major goal of autism research is to develop these kind so measure so we can diagnose this disorder as quickly as possible.
"As well as trying to say something about what are the strengths and weaknesses of these people, you want to be able to identify them at that stage so that you can begin early intervention."
The number of U.S. children with autism has surged to 1 in 68 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in March. Just two years ago, the CDC estimated that 1 child in 88 suffered from the disorder.
Currently, children who are diagnosed with autism undergo extensive evaluation by doctors and specialists who are experts at identifying the signs. Autistic symptoms can be present in children as young as 6 months , but particularly at the younger ages, those symptoms can sometimes be hard to distinguish from other conditions.
Add to that the fact that symptoms of autism can vary dramatically from patient to patient, and the subjective nature of the diagnostic tools currently available to clinicians leave plenty room for error.
The current "gold standard" of autism diagnostics for researchers includes collecting an extensive developmental history from parents, as well sessions with a doctor who can directly observe the child's actions. They look for things like repetitive behavior, having a restricted interest in a single topic or subject, as well as impaired social communication.
Among the symptoms that have long been associated with the disorder: children with autism often respond unusually to things that stimulate the senses, like sight and sound.
Molholm and her team hypothesized that if the unusual sensory perception of autistic children could be observed through brain wave activity, it could prove to be a useful — and accurate — tool for diagnosing the disorder.
To test the theory, Molholm enlisted a group of 43 children and adolescents between the ages 6 and 17 with autism. They were asked to press a button every time they observed either an image (a red circle), a tone or both an image and a tone simultaneously.
While the participants completed the task, researchers observed and recorded their brain activity using an electro-encephalography test.
Each participant had an electro-cap placed on their heads with more than 70 sensors that function almost like a microphone for the brain, allowing researchers to see and record information about how quickly information was processed and where in the brain that processing occurred.
The children and adolescents in the study who had been diagnosed with the most severe autism symptoms were generally more impaired when it came to social communication and repetitive and limited interest behaviors.
Researchers found that the participants with more severe autism responded more slowly to auditory stimuli. To a lesser but still significant extent, they also responded more slowly to audio-visual stimuli, which requires the brain to process things like sight and sound simultaneously.
Molholm said that the results suggest that the same kinds of brain activity observed in older children can potentially be observed in younger children. The tests also suggest that commonly observed autism symptoms can be accurately identified through biomedical markers.
"One of the things that one would hope is that you can take measures of brain activity that we find to be associated with these certain clinical symptom and apply them at very early developmental stages and determine if it is likely that this person will go on to develop autism, for example," Molholm said. "Or we can better understand what their strengths and weakness are so we know what to target [with treatment]."

Adarsh case: HC to decide next week on CBI s plea for droppingAdarsh case: HC to decide next week on CBI s plea for dropping
Step on the gas: What India must do for the planetprint
Jairam Ramesh is right when he says that India should agree to phase out hydrofluorocarbons (HFC) — a powerful greenhouse gas. But he is wrong when he argues that the non-patented substitutes for this chemical are inflammable and therefore, not desirable.
In this way, the former Union minister for environment and forests, who wrote in the Hindustan Times (Last Man Standing, September 15), would willy-nilly push India towards technological half-solutions being promoted by large companies, primarily based in the United States. So, yes the government needs to act.
But in ways in which we can promote alternative technologies that do not solve one problem and create another. Let us explain: It was in the mid-1980s that scientists first discovered a hole in the stratospheric ozone layer, exposing us to harmful UV rays leading to increased incidence of skin cancers.
The wonder chemical chlorofluorocarbons (CFC) — used primarily in refrigerants, air conditioners, aerosol propellants and solvents was identified as the cause of the problem. The chemical alternatives were two patented products — hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFC), which was a half solution because it was also an ozone depleting gas, but less harmful as compared to CFC.
The second alternative, HFC was good for ozone but bad for climate change — it has an extremely high global warming potential. It was agreed under the UN’s Montreal Protocol that developed countries would take the lead and phase-out CFC by 2000 and developing world — countries like India — would be paid the incremental costs of moving out from CFC to HCFC by 2010.
As it was an interim solution, developed countries agreed to phase-out HCFC by 2020 and developing countries by 2030. Over time, therefore, the industrialised world made the transition from HCFCs to HFC — knowing fully well that it will have an impact on climate change. Since 2004, HFC emissions are growing at 8-10% annually — primarily from use in refrigeration and air conditioning and primarily from the US, the EU and Japan. But this is not discussed sufficiently.
Instead, the developing countries are in the dock, as they now make the transition to HFC; the deadline for phase-out of the ozone depleting HCFC has begun in 2013 for them. So, the politics is to move developing countries to newer chemicals — ironically manufactured by the same companies that have been in the business till now.
The US is taking a lead. It wants countries to agree to discussions at the Montreal Protocol to phase out HFC and to move to a new generation of substances instead. It is no coincidence that DuPont and Honeywell are ready with the alternative for the lucrative air conditioning sector — a chemical called HFO.
This chemical is good for ozone, has less global warming potential but still not so very good for climate as it is energy inefficient. As indirect emissions (emissions due to energy use) from appliances like air conditioners are over 80% of the problem, this chemical works but does not help. It also has concerns about being highly water polluting.
But the commercial interests are huge and powerful. In all this, India has been the ‘obstructionist’ player, arguing that as HFC is not an ozone depleting substances, but has global warming impacts, negotiations must be under the UN climate change convention. The former minister, who incidentally had the opportunity to do right when he was holding charge, is correct in saying that India should get off its high horse on this issue.
The fact is HFC is a pollutant and we should not first make the transition to using it in our refrigeration and air-conditioning industry and then shift out. But Ramesh fails to mention that the Indian position is driven by commerce as well. Its four companies that manufactured CFC were first paid $82 million to move to HCFC.
Now they want to be paid to close down the HCFC plant and make money by selling HFCs. Worse, they were paid millions of dollars even to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions from the HCFC plants — under the climate convention.
So, it is in their interests to keep negotiations going in the Montreal Protocol — where they get to collect for phase out of ozone depleting substances and also in the Climate Convention where they make money to reduce emissions.
This needs to change. The government should agree to negotiate HFC at the Montreal Protocol, but with some conditions. One, industrialised countries must agree to an ambitious and aggressive phase out of HFC by 2020. Currently, their most ambitious proposal is to keep using this potent climate change substance till 2035.
Two, that countries like India will do the leapfrog — not take the road via polluting HFC. Our deadline for phase out of HCFC should be relaxed so that we make the one-time jump to new technologies.
Three, these alternative technologies, including what the industrialised world will begin using post its phase out of HFC must be rated on being good for the ozone and for the climate.
The greenhouse gas emission potential will be done on the basis of the lifecycle of the technology. This means that if a chemical is energy inefficient, it will not be promoted.
Four, countries need to move towards technologies that get us off the fluorinated chemical treadmill. Hydrocarbon — propane and butane — is one such substance, which is also highly energy efficient.
The US does not want these off-patent chemicals, because it says it is inflammable — a position that Ramesh also subscribes to in his article.
But the flammability bogey is not flying anymore. Even Indian companies are now shifting to hydrocarbon use in refrigerators and air conditioners.
The government must do what is right, not for few companies, but for people and the planet.
For all our sake.
Sunita Narain is director-general and Chandra Bhushan is deputy director general, Centre for Science and Environment, New Delhi The views expressed by the authors are personal (Sitaram Yechury’s column Left Hand Drive will appear on Wednesday)

Siemens splurges $7.6 billion on Dresser-Rand in U.S. shale market betSiemens splurges $7.6 billion on Dresser-Rand in U.S. shale market bet
City Grand i10 Celerio Zest see up to 4 mths waiting periodHi Guest
City Grand i10 Celerio Zest see up to 4 months waiting period
If you are planning to buy a petrol car this Diwali be prepared to wait a little With the price differential between petrol and diesel narrowing to about Rs 10 per litre a far cry from the Rs 32 high two years ago petrol cars are on a high

UniCredit nears Pioneer-Santander deal© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c09a8b58-4266-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

United States ofBritainScotland's voters have been promised significant new powers by the British Government. (Source: AP)
Written by Ashutosh Varshney | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:13 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 8:10 am
Some 17 years ago, on September 6, 1997, the funeral of Princess Diana was a symbolically laden moment. Making the British royalty a bit uncomfortable, Elton John sang an all-time hit, “Candle in the Wind”, in Westminster Abbey. Originally written for Marilyn Monroe, the song was adapted for Diana’s funeral, and the new opening lines were: “Goodbye England’s rose, may you ever grow in our hearts.” The song went on to top worldwide charts. Millions felt a lump in their throats.
In New York, from where I was watching the funeral on television, the enormous TV coverage also featured Linda Colley, a British historian, then teaching at Yale University and currently a professor at Princeton. To the surprise of some, Colley commented quite politely that John’s song, though moving, was somewhat unfortunately worded.
“Goodbye England’s rose” belittled how much the non-English parts of Britain had come to identify with Diana, especially in her moment of death. Moreover, her title was princess of Wales. Colley’s American TV hosts fumbled a little over this thought but quickly inferred that England and Wales were two different parts of Britain.
In this interpretation, John’s song was about an exclusive England, not an inclusive Britain. Perhaps that was unwittingly so, but we know that many forms of consciousness become so deeply ingrained that human beings do not easily question their fraught implications or roots.
Colley’s comments were not incidental. She had already written a modern-day classic on the making of British identity, with a focus on the relationship between a tiny and proud Scotland and a big and mighty England. First published in 1992, Colley’s Britons: Forging the Nation, 1707-1837 is widely read by students of British history. But because it applies modern nationalism theory to Britain, it also features in nationalism courses. My seminars on ethnic conflict and nationalism have had Colley’s Britons for over a decade and a half.
In the debate over the Scottish referendum on September 18, Colley’s work was referenced again and again, and it will continue to inform future debates. Scotland may have chosen to stay with the United Kingdom, but 45 per cent of Scots voted for separation, and the younger Scots did so overwhelmingly. While the vote has closed a chapter in that Scotland is not breaking away for now, it has also opened another chapter.
This new, unfinished chapter has several questions. What should be the relationship between the various parts of Britain, indeed those of the UK? How much power should London, or Westminster, have? Should there be regional parliaments? Can the UK continue to be a more or less unitary polity, or should it head towards a constitutional debate on a federal model, much like India, Canada and the US, all former British colonies?

Stocks decline on China slowdown concern; Brent below $97/bblStocks decline on China slowdown concern; Brent below $97/bbl
What will make stocks go even higherWhat will make stocks go even higher?
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN September 21, 2014: 7:29 AM ET
Stocks hit fresh records last week and the S&P 500 is up nearly 9% this year.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The bull market just keeps going higher and higher.
Stocks hit fresh records last week after the Federal Reserve soothed investors' concerns by indicating that it's probably not going to raise interest rates anytime soon.
With the S&P 500 up nearly 9% this year, traders warning of a market pullback seem wrong, at least for now.
Related: Most loved and hated stocks right now
Here's what needs to happen for stocks to climb even higher:
1. A 'not too hot, not too cold' economy: For stocks to keep going up, the Fed has to cooperate and not hike interest rates before investors expect it to, which right now is the summer of 2015.
The Fed is likely to play along if the economy continues moving at a "not too hot, not too cold" rate, according to Jim Russell, Senior Equities Strategist for U.S. Bank Wealth Management..
"The economic numbers are really coming in right on script," he said.
In Russell's mind, if the economy started to look too weak, investors would start to fret about the prospects for the recovery. On the other hand, if it was looking incredibly robust, there could be some concern that the Fed would need to hike interest rates earlier than most strategists are currently forecasting.
Related: More US families own cats than stocks
2. Real earnings growth: In addition to the Fed, earnings have been the mother's milk of the bull market. Companies are growing their bottom lines, but most of the healthy profits of the past few years have come largely through cost-cutting.
As the overall economic picture gets better, stocks could see a real boost if companies can show that they're actually growing revenue because people are buying more things.
"If the economy continues to improve, I want to see organic top line growth from corporate America," said Robert Landry, a money manager with USAA investments in San Antonio, Texas.
 
Rich get richer in bull market
3. Geopolitical stability: Geopolitical risk has been responsible for various market shocks this year, but they have all been short-lived. That trend should continue as long as the these situations don't spin out of control.
The current crises may sound nerve wrecking with the United States getting ready for an extended campaign against ISIS and turmoil between Russia and the West over Ukraine still tense even after the cease-fire. But Landry claims that most times these things blow over quickly as far as the markets are concerned.
"Sometimes there's pretty negative reactions to these events when they occur, but the most typical reaction is that markets tend to rebound fairly quickly," he said.
Related: Why investors remain unfazed by ISIS
What could trigger a market descent? Of course, market drops are never easy to predict, and there are plenty of things that could cause stocks to reverse course.
For one, stock valuations are pretty steep. The S&P 500 is trading at 15.6 times next year's earnings compared to its 10-year price to earnings ratio average of 14.1.
And there's some worry that economic woes in Europe could curtail corporate profits. Russell noted that the market should get a better of idea of what effect Europe is having on business fortunes when companies start to release pre-earnings announcements in the coming weeks.
At the same time, even if stocks were to take a breather, that wouldn't necessarily be a bad thing, according to Landry.
"Pullbacks tend to be healthy, especially when you have some outsize gains within a short period of time," he said.
First Published: September 21, 2014: 7:29 AM ET
Most Popular

L&T Bags Contracts Worth Rs 1 577 CroreSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Engineering and construction major Larsen & Toubro on Monday said it has bagged new orders worth Rs 1,577 crore in September including those for building two residential towers in Mumbai.
"The construction arm of L&T has won new orders worth Rs 1,577 crores across various business segments in September 2014," an official statement said.
It said its buildings and factories business has bagged a major residential order worth Rs 1,231 crore from a prestigious private developer for the construction of two residential towers.
The towers comprise three basements, a ground and a podium each with 53 and 60 floors respectively, it said, adding that company's scope included civil, structural and finishing works.
The company's "Power Transmission & Distribution business has won orders worth Rs 346 crore", the statement said.
A major turnkey order has been received from the Tamil Nadu Transmission Corp Ltd (TANTRANSCO) for the supply, erection, testing and commissioning of a 400 kV D/C transmission line between Korattur-Thervaikandikai-Manali in Chennai, it said.
Another EPC (engineering, procurement and construction) order has been received from a private power venture to establish a 400kV double circuit transmission line in Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, it added.
The business also bagged a contract from the Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd for executing 400/220 kV GIS Substation at Pandiabil in Odisha and is also associated with the eastern region transmission system strengthening scheme.
The contract is for onshore supply, installation, construction of civil buildings, testing and commissioning of substation equipment.
As of 2:56 p.m., shares in L&T were trading at Rs 1,537.55 apiece on the BSE, up 0.15 per cent from the previous close. Shares rose as much as 0.50 per cent to Rs 1,543.05 during the day.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 14:40 (IST)

Falling Crude Prices to Help Control Fiscal Deficit: ReportCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: The finance ministry is increasingly optimistic that it can meet a tough fiscal deficit target, helped by a 12 per cent decline in global crude oil prices since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took charge in May.
Lower crude prices mean less government outlay for India, which imports 80 per cent of its oil needs - at a cost of $168 billion last year - and subsidizes oil products such as diesel and fertilizer.
"If crude prices remain below $100 a barrel compared with budgeted estimate of $105-$110 a barrel, total oil and fertiliser subsidies would be substantially lower," said a senior finance ministry official, with the direct knowledge of the matter.
Moody's last week lowered the price assumptions it uses for rating purposes on Brent crude oil to $90 per barrel through 2015, which represents a $5 drop from its previous assumptions for 2015.
Finance Ministry and Reserve Bank of India officials are due to meet on Friday to decide how much the government will need to borrow from the markets in the second half of the 2014/15.
The government borrowed Rs 16,000 crore less than it budgeted in the first half of the financial year, triggering market speculation that the fiscal deficit could end up even lower than the target of 4.1 per cent of GDP.
"As of now, the deficit target remains 4.1 per cent," said a finance ministry official, who declined to be named since he was not authorized to speak to the media.
The country's top finance ministry official, Arvind Mayaram, suggested at the weekend that the deficit target could be met without the harsh expenditure cuts that have kept the deficit in check in the past two financial years.
"You cannot have three years of continuous expenditure cuts," Mt Mayaram told a newspaper in Cairns, Australia, where he attended the G20 meeting. Many economists say the cuts have slowed economic growth.
He said if GDP growth keeps to the pace of the first quarter and remains at 5.6 per cent to 5.7 per cent in the second half, government borrowing could be lower than budgeted, but said it was too early to take such a decision.
A sustained rally in India's stock markets - the Nifty has risen more than 25 per cent this year - is adding to optimism in the finance ministry that revenue from the partial privatization of state-run companies such as ONGC and Coal India will beat the budget.
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan delivered more good news in the form of a cash dividend of Rs 52,000 crore from foreign exchange trading operations, about Rs 5000 crore higher than expected.
But not all is well. Tax collections have been lower than targeted so far this year - thanks to a muted economic recovery and a drought in some parts of the country that has hurt corporate earnings.
Revenues from indirect taxes - mainly comprising customs, service and factory gate taxes - rose just 4.6 per cent during April-August period, far lower than annual target of 20 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Rupee ends a paisa down at 60.82 vs dollar in lacklustre tradeRupee ends a paisa up at 60.82
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 12:06 AM IST
In lacklustre trade, the rupee on Monday closed a paisa up at 60.82 against the dollar on alternate bouts of demand and supply, snapping a four-day rising trend.
At the forex market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.85 a dollar from previous close of 60.83. It was trapped in a range of 60.7425 and 60.88 before concluding at 60.82, showing a minor rise of one paisa.
In previous four days, it had risen by 32 paise.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Monday washed out initial sharp losses and gained 116.32 points to end at two-week high. FIIs bought shares worth $18.48 million last Friday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was down 0.04 per cent against its major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said: "Rupee traded in a thin range and ended flat. Rupee is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.30 to 61.30.

Goa mining clamp: Sesa Sterlite resigned to idling capacityGoa mining clamp: Sesa Sterlite resigned to idling capacity
Jyoti Mukul | New Delhi Sep 22, 2014 11:31 PM IST
The Supreme Court-imposed cap on iron ore mining in Goa would see Sesa Sterlite producing at only half its  capacity once the required permissions are in place.
The apex court had in April lifted the mining ban in Goa but had imposed an annual cap of 20 million tonnes on the industry. Sesa Sterlite was producing 15 mt of ore before the ban was imposed in October 2012. It would be able to mine around seven mt annually once operations resume.
“Our limitation would be because of the cap; we would have the capacity to mine more than the allocation.We hope with the resumption of mining as stipulated by the SC, the expert panel would review mining conditions on the ground and will, over time, allow the lifting of the cap or increase in cap limits,” said Tom Albanese, chief executive officer at Vedanta Resources and its subsidiary, Sesa Sterlite.
Sesa Sterlite had 10 mining leases in Goa and one in Karnataka. Of these, seven belonging to the Vedanta group have been cleared by the Goa bench of the Bombay High Court for renewal. In all, 28 leases for which stamp duty had been paid in 2012 were cleared for renewal by the Goa bench in its judgment of August 13. In Karnataka, the company has 2.29 mt mining capacity within the cap and had last year disposed of stocks there.  
Alongside the mining ban, the Union ministry of environment and forests had put environment clearances (EC) to all mines in Goa in abeyance. “They are still in abeyance and need to be reinstated. We are in touch with government authorities on early reinstatement of the ECs,” said Albanese.
The apex court had allowed disposal of stocks. In Goa, the stock was about 15 mt. Of this, Sesa's share was about 6.5 mt. In the e-auctions conducted by the Goa government so far, one mt of Sesa's ore has been sold.
Albanese said they'd wanted to resume iron ore export this year but there had been a drop in global prices.
"Our effective price for Goa ore would be very low. We might find ourselves in a difficult situation, where we have clearances but the mining is not economical, due to combination of lower prices and large export duties, put in place during a time of higher ore prices," he said.
Iron ore attracts 15% royalty and an export duty of 30%. Beside, 10% of the sale price is contributed for a Goa iron ore export fund set up under an SC directive.
Albanese said it was important to see resumption of ore production to incentivise future reinvestment.
"Right now, it is difficult to incentivise that investment because the sector gets turned on and off. It is not a predictable business model. There is lack of capital. It needs to be incentivised to stay invested in the sector; otherwise, that capital will be reinvested somewhere else," he explained.
In 2010, up to 180 mt of iron ore was exported from India; it is now 18 mt. Albanese said Australian production had risen to fill the space vacated by Indian export. Australian export increased from 525 mt in 2011-12 to 681 mt in2013-14. Brazilian export rose from 327 mt in 2011-12 to 386 mt in 2013-14.

IIT eases admission norms  allows class XII board exam marks; 20 percentile to stayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

William Wan and Liu LiuStaff writer — India
Latest
Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants to transform India into a global arms exporter like China.
Nov 16, 2014
Aamir Khan’s talk show touched a nerve in India and comes after two years of rising anger over sexual assaults on women.
Nov 10, 2014
The diamond merchant said, “My employees worked very hard. I had to reward them accordingly.“
Oct 20, 2014
Bankers have fanned the country in an effort to help the poor share in the country’s economic growth.
Oct 18, 2014
After years of flak from global health experts for not doing enough to tackle its air pollution, India says it will launch its own national air quality index.
Oct 17, 2014
Kailash Satyarthi, a Peace Prize co-recipient, has helped free thousands of children from cruel job conditions.
Oct 10, 2014

BS Poll: Street expects RBI to hold rates for the entire fiscalStreet expects RBI to hold rate for entire year
Neelasri Barman & Nupur Anand | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 12:59 AM IST
The current financial year might end up being the first in seven years to see the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) keeping the benchmark repo rate unchanged, indicates a Business Standard poll among 15 financial experts, days before the central bank’s review of its monetary policy.
As many as nine respondents — all leading names in the public sector, private and foreign banks, as well as other financial intermediaries — said RBI would hold the repo rate at eight per cent at least until the end of March 2015.
There are, of course, a few bravehearts who are betting on a repo rate cut of 25 basis bps (four of the 15) to 75 bps (one) and even 100 bps (one).
The repo rate — the rate at which banks borrow from the central bank — was last kept unchanged through a financial year in 2007-08, at 7.75 per cent.
Most respondents explained why they did not expect a rate change by saying though the retail inflation rate, the RBI’s new benchmark, had fallen below eight per cent, the target of achieving a six per cent rate was a big challenge.
The Urjit Patel committee’s report, released in January, had suggested that the consumer price index-based inflation needed to be brought down to eight per cent over a period not exceeding 12 months, and to six per cent over  24 months.
According to experts, the central bank might prefer to wait for more clarity on the US Federal Reserve’s interest rate actions after the latter has completely wound down its monthly bond-buying programme. Another aspect weighing on the RBI’s stance could be an early outlook for monsoon in 2015.
“The six per cent retail inflation target will not be on the horizon at least until March. Besides, there is a need to factor in an eventual rate increase by the US Fed. That might be another reason to push back rate cuts in India,” said Indranil Pan, chief economist, Kotak Mahindra Bank.
At the end of a two-day meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) a few days earlier, Fed released quarterly economic and interest rate projections by its policy makers. These suggested a faster pace of rate increase than envisioned in earlier projections.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had last Monday said inflation was still high and there was no point in lowering interest rates to see it (inflation) picking up again.
Some say there could be a rate-cut possibility in the earlier part of next financial year. “There is a high possibility of RBI easing its stance in early 2015-16. That could lead to rate cuts,” said Manish Wadhawan, managing director and head of interest rates (global markets) at HSBC India. According to Wadhawan, RBI would like to see half way through the glide path of its six per cent inflation target.
Though there also a few optimists, they are in a small minority. “We expect a rate cut of 25 basis points in the fourth quarter of this financial year. This is because inflation is expected to come down further, giving the RBI the room to cut rates. Also, the government’s borrowing programme will be clearer by then which could give additional comfort to the central bank,” said Arun Khurana, head of global markets (business operations) at IndusInd Bank.

Govt to identify  100 smart cities  before Union Budget  says Venkaiah NaiduE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Taxpayers Get an Enhanced   Single Window  WebsiteNew Delhi: A revamped online portal of the Income Tax Department was launched on Monday which will enable taxpayers to file returns or apply for a PAN card through a 'single window' format.
Taxpayers until now had to go to different official websites of the I-T department for these matters.
"An updated version of the website - www.incometaxindia.gov.in - will act as the 'single window' for all activities and online services offered by the I-T department," a senior income tax official said.
"Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was supposed to inaugurate it but due to medical compulsions, he could not do so."
As the website is an important tool for taxpayers, the department launched it on Monday without any delay, the officer added.
The new version of the website has been made more user-friendly and robust and can handle a larger number of visits at a time, the officer said, adding that all the links to PAN card data and e-filing have been centralised on this portal.
"The new website has enhanced features and taxpayers will be able to file their I-T returns online and even apply for a PAN on this portal. (These aspects) were till now hosted on a different official web address of the department," the officer said.
Apart from I-T rules and laws, the website also has 106 other Acts under the IPC and CrPC for ready reference.
Separate icons have been provided on the improved portal providing the locations of various I-T offices in the country, including that of the 'Ombudsman'.
The website will also allow taxpayers to get information about various notices and circulars which are issued from time to time along with other regular developments in the department.
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) had envisaged such a website in its ambitious 'Vision 2020' document prepared a few years back and the new website is a culmination of efforts to give better services to taxpayers, the officer said.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 21:00 (IST)

GARY HERSHORN / Reutersgary hershorn / reuters
Get used to low bumpers and electronic idle setting0
Q: I have a 2013 Hyundai Santa Fe Limited. The car's manual says to add fuel additive at the 15,000-mile servicing only if "Top Tier Detergent Gasoline" is not available. What is "top tier detergent gasoline"? Secondly, the dealer service rep said I must add the fuel additive at each oil change before 15,000 miles. The rep suggests a "fuel induction service" at a significant up-charge over the price of the additive. Is this service worthwhile?
— G.F., Chicago
A: There was quite a hoopla about top-tier gas several years ago. Several automakers banded together and set standards for gasoline detergent additives well above the mandatory Environmental Protection Agency level. The detergents help prevent intake valve deposits.
Numerous gasoline brands have met the goal and still do. Almost all the major brands are top tier, and many smaller marketers are too. To find the whole list, go to toptiergas.com. Although induction service can improve drivability on older cars, yours is probably not a candidate yet.
Q: We have a 2008 Toyota Sienna XLE with a 3.5-liter, V-6 engine. When the engine is cold, idle rpm in park starts at 1,500-1,400, then gradually slows to 900 and drops to 800 rpm when placed in drive.
We recently bought a used 2008 Camry XLE, also with a 3.5-liter, V-6 engine. When the engine is cold, idle rpm in park starts at 1,900-1,600, then gradually slows to 900. When the engine is warmed up, the idle drops to 650 rpm in drive.
I have spoken to service people at two dealerships, and they both told me that the connection between the gas pedal and the engine is electronic, no longer mechanical, and that the idle rpm settings are not adjustable. I would prefer to adjust the Camry to accelerate more gently when the engine is cold, like the Sienna does. Can this be adjusted?
— D.J., Bethlehem, Pa.
A: Nope. The folks at the dealership are correct. The throttle is "drive by wire," and the computer establishes both cold, high idle and warm, low idle. There are absolutely no possible adjustments without changing the algorithms in the computer.

Jan Dhan Yojana for everyone with bank account: Finance MinistryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Home prices set to zoom as Delhi govt hikes circle ratesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bear Stearns Depositor is NYSE s top percentage gainerWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

NY Times Public Editor s Scathing Take On Shonda Rhimes Piece— Kristen Hare (@kristenhare) September 22, 2014
At least three @nytimes editors saw Alessandra Stanley's "Angry Black Woman" piece and offered no objections. This is a PROBLEM.
— Nikole Hannah-Jones (@nhannahjones) September 22, 2014
Then, Stanley—last seen offering a very brief defense of her work to BuzzFeed—got in touch. Here's how she put things:
In the review, I referenced a painful and insidious stereotype solely in order to praise Ms. Rhimes and her shows for traveling so far from it. If making that connection between the two offended people, I feel bad about that.
[...]
I didn’t think Times readers would take the opening sentence literally because I so often write arch, provocative ledes that are then undercut or mitigated by the paragraphs that follow.
That didn't help either:
It is clear that Alessandra Stanley doesn't regret a thing, and remains insistent that it is us who have it wrong. http://t.co/XVYiWRgvsq
— Jamil Smith (@JamilSmith) September 22, 2014
In the many instances of Alessandra Stanley not getting it, this is the one where she most does not get it: http://t.co/VELFcT5F9C
— Alan Sepinwall (@sepinwall) September 22, 2014
Oh, and for good measure, Sullivan also noted that, out of twenty culture critics who work for the Times, "not one is black and only one is a person of color."
The Times has probably seen better days. As New Yorker critic Emily Nussbaum put it:
Somebody could really use Olivia Pope right now.

No fresh account needed to avail Jan Dhan benefitsNo fresh account needed to avail Jan Dhan benefits
Four Independent Directors join Bhushan Steel BoardE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ajit Balakrishnan: And the winner is ...Ajit Balakrishnan: And the winner is ...
Ajit Balakrishnan |  Sep 22, 2014 09:44 PM IST
In recent years, there has been an explosion in the number of prizes being awarded in various fields. Take, for instance, the film industry, where the number of awards handed out every year far exceeds the number of films produced: about 3,000 full-length films are produced annually worldwide, whereas there are over 1,000 film festivals that hand out 9,000 awards annually, says James English in his recent book, The Economy of Prestige: Prizes, Awards and the Circulation of Cultural Value.
The stakes involved in some of these prizes can be quite high. For example, if a book makes it to the Booker shortlist, it adds to its hardcover sales by at least 5,000; if it wins, that would increase sales by 40,000 to 80,000 - according to Richard Todd in his 1996 book, Consuming Fictions.
What makes some books figure in the shortlist and not some others? To answer this question, Sharon Norris in "The Booker Prize: A Bourdieusian Perspective", published in the Journal of Cultural Research, invokes the social analysis methodology pioneered by the French sociologist Pierre Bourdieu, who saw power as something created and constantly re-legitimised through what he calls "habitus" or socialised norms that guide behaviour and thinking. Thus, a high proportion of Booker judges and authors have connections with Oxford and Cambridge - and more recently with the University of East Anglia (UEA), and especially with the university's Creative Writing M A course run by Malcolm Bradbury, a Booker Chair in 1981.
Thus, "the 1989 winner was former Creative Writing MA student, Kazuo Ishiguro (The Remains of the Day); the chairman of the judges that year, David Lodge, was formerly a UEA Creative Writing fellow; and two further judges taught on the MA course". This year, the Booker Prize shortlist has a book by an Indian-origin writer, Neel Mukherjee - another alumnus of the University of East Anglia Creative writing Programme - The Lives of Others, a matter of special interest to me because it is set in the Calcutta (now Kolkata) of the late 1960s, when I was a student at the Indian Institute of Management there. This was a period when young people driven by a desire to change the world joined the Naxalite movement. The protagonist of Mr Mukherjee's book is one such young man who sees his family business implode, his family and the society around him unravel. It is an exquisitely written book - so I, for one, am cheering it on.
If literary and other cultural prizes are one way for some interest groups in society to signal what kinds of actions they desire to have, "rankings" are another powerful way. Transparency International, a Berlin-based non-governmental organisation, publishes a widely followed annual ranking of countries that it calls The Corruption Perception Index. It is based on an opinion poll of mostly Western businessmen. Its origin can be traced to 1977 when the United States Congress enacted, in the wake of the Watergate scandals, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prescribed strict criminal and financial penalties for such actions by United States companies. This led to protest from American companies that this law put them at a competitive disadvantage against their European competitors, who were not only free to pay bribes to foreign officials but could also claim income tax deductions for such payments. Intense lobbying by United States firms got the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development to ratify the anti-corruption convention.
Transparency International was born out of these events with USAID, as well as the big accounting firms KPMG and Price Waterhouse, providing financing. Switzerland, a country that's usually implicated in most corruption scandals, is ranked high at seventh, which makes one wonder what this index really measures. Nevertheless the index functions as a useful tool in countries like India (ranked 94), where civil servants in their power struggle with elected ministers use it as an argument for the establishment of institutions where the former oversee elected representatives. Thus, rankings, like prizes, benefit the rankers and the sponsors of such rankings as much as they benefit the top rankers and prize winners.
The etymological roots of the word "prize" can be traced to the Latin "pretium", which meant "price" or "money", and to the Sanskrit "prati", which meant in "in return", says Professor English. The kind of explosion in the number of prizes that has occurred in recent times, he says, is because prizes are the single best instrument to convert economic capital, that is, financial assets, into cultural capital, that is, societal esteem (as, for example, when an ammunition manufacturer established the prestigious Nobel prize), or to convert cultural capital into economic capital (as, for example, when a book that would have sold a mere hundred copies sells in the thousands because of a prize), or even to political capital, that is, ability to influence others' actions. Prize-givers that have included associations of artists, academic groups, corporate sponsors and wealthy philanthropists, the administrators, judges, and others involved in a prize are themselves to be understood as agents of this intra-conversion. And all of these, not just the prize-winners or the toppers of a ranking list, count themselves among the winners.
Ajit Balakrishnan is the author of The Wave Rider, A Chronicle of the Information Age
ajitb@rediffmail.com

Rockefeller fund in fossil fuel shift© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c201f2e8-4279-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PRECIOUS-Gold  silver end flat after sliding early on technicalsPRECIOUS-Gold  silver end flat after sliding early on technicals
Indian government second in user account info requests: Google reportIndian government second in user account info requests: Google report
India to stick to its stance at WTO meetIndia to stick to its stance at WTO meet
Entry register case: Setback for CBI Director Ranjit SinhaEntry register case: Setback for CBI Director Ranjit Sinha
Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao issues orders waiving off farm loansE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Paranoid about thedeficitDespite the sluggish growth, China remains India’s topmost trade partner.
Written by Amitendu Palit | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:36 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 8:06 am
 
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India was noticeable for not having been accompanied by the declaration of a bilateral trade target. While ex-premier Wen Jiabao’s visit in December 2010 was followed by the announcement of a bilateral trade target of $100 billion by 2015, no such numbers were put out this time.
Avoiding a target might have to do with the fact that bilateral trade (merchandise) has not increased from its peak of $73.4 billion in 2011-12. The last two years have had trade hovering around $66 billion. As a result, achieving the target of $100 billion by 2015 appears almost impossible. This will be the first time since Zhu Rongji’s visit in 2002 that the declared trade target will remain unfulfilled.
Despite the sluggish growth, China remains India’s topmost trade partner. Most analysts, given India’s obsession with the trade deficit, usually accept this grudgingly. It is impossible to come across discussions on China-India relations that do not refer to the bilateral trade deficit.
The paranoia over the trade deficit with China could have been justified if India were a net exporter of goods to the rest of the world and its trade with China was an exception. The structure of India’s trade with China is not exceptional in any way. India buys much more from the rest of the world than it sells, and is a net importer of goods. It runs trade deficits with 16 of its top 25 trade partners.
The imbalance in India’s trade with some of its major partners is far more than that with China. During 2013-14, India’s trade deficit with China was $36.2 billion. As a proportion of the total bilateral trade of $65.9 billion, the deficit was roughly 55 per cent. India’s trade deficits with Iraq, Switzerland and Australia in the same year were 90 per cent, 83 per cent and 62 per cent respectively of its total bilateral trades. Deficits with Saudi Arabia and Korea were also almost half of the bilateral trades.
Trade deficits with China and other countries cannot be wished away as long as India does not produce enough of what it needs. Pushing for greater market access in some products in China can partly increase Indian exports. But that will not stop Chinese imports into India.
These have hardly been subsided, despite Indian industry successfully lobbying for the imposition of anti-dumping duties across more than 200 tariff lines. Indeed, the futility of these actions is evident from the fact that China remains the largest source of organic chemical imports for India, despite these imports inviting maximum anti-dumping action.
India needs to approach its economic relationship with China with the understanding that correcting the deficit is wishful thinking. From a consumer’s perspective, India does not produce enough to take care of its large market. It is not for nothing that Chinese mobile phones, the latest being the Xiaomi budget phones, occupy significant market space continued…

A foreign economicpolicyAmericans believe that India can achieve rapid economic growth through innovation if it opens up its economy to foreign technologies.
Written by Husain Haqqani | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:32 am
For decades, pundits have described India and China as rivals for leadership in Asia. Chinese President Xi Jinping’s recent visit to India suggests that economic cooperation, rather than strategic competition, could be the main driver for the two Asian giants. If Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s forthcoming meeting with US President Barack Obama also gives due weight to economic considerations, India could be on the verge of significantly redefining its global role.
It is good that Modi pays attention to economics, unlike the entrenched establishment in Pakistan, which clings to military strategies even when the cost is the country’s impoverishment. India and the United States could still emerge as strategic partners, but with shared economic interests rather than just shared concerns about the balance of power. And Sino-Indian rivalry could be postponed to a day when both countries have modernised their economies.
India has yet to realise its full potential as a leading global economy. The rapid economic growth that India has witnessed since the mid-1990s was ushered in by much-needed reforms. After being criticised by economists for its low rate of growth, India finally earned a place among the world’s leading emerging markets. Further reform could lead it to greater success among the BRICS, that is, Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa, and beyond.
Americans believe that India can achieve rapid economic growth through innovation if it opens up its economy to foreign technologies. As Modi and Obama meet, Indian policymakers must recognise that economic factors are as important to Washington as they are to Beijing. For American FDI, India must strengthen its intellectual property right regulations and protect foreign investors who are exporting new technologies to India. Greater protection for foreign technologies will not only encourage growth and innovation, but also bring in vital FDI.
New Delhi cannot afford to persist with its dated modes of thought on pharmaceuticals or the defence industry either. Spending on healthcare is only about 1 per cent of the GDP in India, making the country one of the lowest spenders in the world. A number of issues plague India’s healthcare sector, ranging from a lack of infrastructure and financing to a dearth of health workers across the country. Hatred of Western pharmaceutical corporations cannot be the core of India’s healthcare strategy.
While India has emerged as a hub for IT outsourcing, it has lagged behind in exporting value-added manufactured goods. It has been unable to increase its share of technology-intensive products. With wages rising and productivity falling in China, India has a great opportunity to attract American FDI in its manufacturing sector. Such investment could go a long way in kickstarting India’s economy.
The country will require over $500 billion just for funding its infrastructure needs in the continued…

Groundwater may help predict earthquakesUpdated: September 23, 2014 00:42 IST
Groundwater may help predict earthquakes
Damian Carrington
science and technology
Scientists searching for a way to predict earthquakes have uncovered the most promising lead yet, after uncovering telltale chemical spikes in groundwater up to six months before tremors struck.
Major earthquakes are the only natural disaster that cannot currently be forecast. Some experts think a useful prediction of time, place and magnitude may be an impossible dream. Previously, scientists have examined radon gas leaks, heat maps and unusual animal behaviour as possible earthquake indicators, without success.
But now geologists taking weekly measurements of groundwater chemistry in northern Iceland over five years have discovered big shifts four to six months before two separate earthquakes in 2012 and 2013. The quakes were both significant in size — over magnitude five — and 47 miles from the sampling site.
“This does not mean we can predict earthquakes yet, but at the least we have shown something happens before earthquakes,” said Prof. Alasdair Skelton, at Stockholm University, Sweden, who led the research published in Nature Geoscience. “We are highlighting groundwater chemistry as a promising target for future earthquake prediction studies.” — © Guardian Newspapers Limited, 2014

Alibaba s banks boost IPO size to record of $25 bnAlibaba s banks boost IPO size to record of $25 bn
Jaitley admitted to hospital againJaitley admitted to hospital again
Garba rehearsals in Ahmedabad in full swingpicture  others
Garba rehearsals in Ahmedabad in full swing
Navratris are just round the corner and it is celebrated in Ahmedabad with pomp and show. Enthusiasts have started rehearsing for the nine-day long celebration.
A woman helps another in getting dressed to practise Garba dance ahead of the Navratri festival in Ahmedabad. (Source: Express Photo by Javed Raja)
Not only the women, the men and children too have started practising for the grand event. (Source: Express Photo by Javed Raja)
The men and women rehearsing for one of the formations in the dance. (Source: Express Photo by Javed Raja)
Some women during the Garba rehearsals. (Source: Express Photo by Javed Raja)
The men in their colourful dresses also practise hard for their part. (Source: Express Photo by Javed Raja)
The men practice for one of the most difficult steps of the Garba dance. (Source: Express Photo by Javed Raja)
While rehearsing garba movies (Source: PTI)
Related

State-run banks need $37bn in capital to meet Basel III normsBASEL III norms
(The estimate is based on…)
MUMBAI: Rating company Moody's has said that capital requirement for government owned Indian banks may rise to 8% to $37 billion as the economic recovery could raise the demand for loans. It would be difficult for banks to raise the needed capital if the economic reforms do not lead to lower government's holdings in banks.
Assuming a moderate recovery in economic growth and a gradual decline in new non-performing loans (NPLs), Moody's has estimated that rated public-sector banks in India will need to raise Rs 1.5 - Rs2.2 trillion ($26 - $37 billion) in Tier 1 capital externally between FY'15 and full implementation of Basel III in FY' 19. The estimate is equivalent to 42%-61% of public-sector banks' aggregate market cap (as of 12 September 2014), the ratings firm has norm. Basel II are the new capital norms prescribed for banks globally by the Bank of International Settlements head quartered in Basel, Switerland.
A study by the ratings firm of the banks it rates noted that in the three years between FY'11 and FY'14, annual loan growth at rated public-sector banks averaged 18%, while pre-provision income declined to 2.6% of risk weighted assets or RWA from 3.3% of RWA. " Weak asset quality has depressed public-sector banks' profitability and ability to generate capital internally, leaving them reliant on periodic capital injections from the government." Moody's said in a release.
The implementation of Basel III requirements will raise the minimum required capital levels for both total Tier 1 and Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital. By March 2015, the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio will increase to 7.0% while the minimum for CET1 capital will rise to 5.5%. In addition to these minimum requirements, a Capital Conservation Buffer (CCB), needed for banks to pay dividends, will be phased in starting from March 2016. As a result, the total Tier 1 capital required to meet transitional minimum requirements and the transitional CCB will exceed the current 8.0% Tier 1 target by FY2017.
Injections of public money will provide some support, but there are constraints as the new administration under prime minister Narendra Modi looks to reduce the country's budget deficit. Banks could use the listed equity markets to raise capital, but current valuations may limit the feasibility of raising large amounts of money through this avenue. Even after hopes for the new government boosted Indian stock prices by more than 30% in the past six months, most Indian public-sector banks still trade at a discount to their book value, Moody's said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Most Important Lesson Every Entrepreneur Can Learn From Steve Jobsreddit
During the '70s a small team of some of the world's best computer engineers was working in Silicon Valley at PARC, Xerox's research and innovation division. Their task was to take the company's vision for the office of the future and make it a reality. Everyone who was anyone in the Valley knew that Xerox was at the leading edge of what the future would look like. These engineers were working on a bunch of things, one of which was improving upon a pointing device that was designed to be used with a computer--a pointing device that we now know as the mouse. The idea wasn't new and it hadn't been hatched by the team at PARC; the first prototype of the mouse, invented by Doug Engelbart, had actually been around since the '60s.
On a rare occasion in 1979, when a select group of visitors was invited to see what the PARC team was working on, scientist Larry Tesler demonstrated how a computer with icons on the screen could be controlled by this pointing device. It just so happened that one of the visitors that day was Steve Jobs. The story goes that as soon as he saw what would become the modern-day mouse in action, Jobs began pacing the room excitedly, and when he finally couldn't contain himself any longer, he said, 'you're sitting on a gold mine'. And 'this is insanely great'. For the life of him, Steve Jobs couldn't understand why Xerox wasn't doing anything with this invention.
While the PARC team focused on developing the product they thought the mouse would eventually become a $300 accessory built as part of a costly business computer--Steve Jobs had other ideas. A day or two after his visit to Xerox, Jobs met with design consultant Dean Hovey and told him to forget about everything else he was working on for Apple. Jobs knew exactly what they must do next.
The design brief he gave Hovey for the mouse was simple. There were just four criteria:
1. It had to be built for less than $15.
2. It had to last for two years.
3. It needed to work on a typical desktop of Formica or metal.
4. And it had to work on Jobs' Levi's.
It's clear that Jobs' vision from the start was that the mouse should be designed as an affordable consumer product. He had flipped the traditional product development model on its head. Instead of thinking about the features and function of the product in isolation, Jobs made a leap to consider what the product might mean to potential customers. He wasn't concerned so much with what the innovation did; he was more excited about what it would enable people to do. Now, instead of memorizing and typing long commands on a text-based screen, users could point to an icon and click or drag. Imagine the difference between typing a command like
move c:\clients\apple\sjobs.txt a:\billing\
invoices\sjobs.txt
and just dragging the file's icon to the folder you wanted to move it to.
When the Apple Macintosh was launched in January 1984, it was the first mass-market personal computer to feature a graphical user interface and a mouse. And that changed everything.
Malcolm Gladwell describes Jobs as 'a tweaker' who was 'endlessly refining the same territory he had claimed as a young man'. Others have said that he was an editor with an instinct for innovation, and not an inventor at all. But Jobs' real genius was that he had learned how to see and he operated with an understanding of and empathy for the people who would become future users of Apple products--devices like the iPad that would 'make our heart sing'. As Hovey said, Jobs 'connected the dots' and was 'brilliant at figuring out what a computer ought to be "for the rest of us"'. Steve Jobs was what I call a 'difference thinker'.
'Difference thinking' is more than the ability to connect the dots, though. It's about seeing the truth, recognizing the opportunity in that truth and then acting on it. You need to learn how to see the dots and understand the significance of connecting them before you can begin. And you can do that only by identifying with and understanding somebody else's feelings and frustrations. That's what Steve Jobs did intuitively; he had the ability to stand in a potential user's shoes and understand the impact that an innovation and its design might have on that person's life (and thus in the market).
This is something you can train yourself to do, too. Creating difference is not about finding a new, improved way of beating the competition. It's about reimagining what it means to be the competition. It's about closing the gap between what already exists and what could be. Creating difference means setting your own new bar by understanding how to fill the tiniest gap in human desire. Because difference is not just noticed; it's experienced and felt.
Do you need to have a brand new idea or invent something radically different in order to create difference? No, not necessarily. Starbucks didn't invent coffee, and Apple didn't invent the smartphone; these companies simply created new experiences of them, which in turn created a whole new set of meanings that we attached to what were once commodities.
Fifty years ago, the focus of business was dominance. More was the shortcut to becoming an unbeatable Goliath in the marketplace. Today the shortcut to more is to matter--not to be different, but to do something that creates difference.
It isn't the person with the best idea who wins; it's the person who has the greatest understanding of what really matters to people.
This is an extract from Bernadette Jiwa's bestselling book 'Difference' .
Follow Bernadette Jiwa on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bernadettejiwa
More:
What Is Working: Small Businesses
FOLLOW HUFFPOST

BJP s fresh offer of 130 seats to Shiv Sena  but ready to go aloneAmit Shah
(As BJP today sent a "very…)
MUMBAI: As BJP today sent a "very liberal proposal" to Shiv Sena seeking to contest 130 of Maharashtra's 288 Assembly seats, its saffron ally appeared in no mood to oblige, raising further the possibility of disintegration of the 25-year-old alliance.
A top Maharashtra BJP leader and the Leader of Opposition in the state Assembly Eknath Khadse even went to the extent of saying the alliance was on the "death bed".
The deadlock has left smaller allies of 'Mahayuti', a mega-alliance led by Sena and BJP, restive with one of them threatening to walk out and contest the polls alone.
A day after Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray talked tough and made a "final offer' under which his party would fight 151 seats, BJP 119 and allies the rest 18, BJP made a counter offer seeking 130, a climbdown from earlier 135, but said it would contest all 288 seats if "compelled" to part ways from its oldest ally in the NDA.
Though no Shiv Sena leader was prepared to go on record about the party's response to BJP's proposal, a party MP, speaking on condition of anonymity, said "the proposal is old. Uddhav Thackeray has made it clear that his offer is final."
BJP General Secretary in charge of Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy said in Delhi that his party has sent "a very liberal proposal" to Sena as the 130 seats include the "worst" possible seats which its ally had never won in last 30 years.
"The fact is that the proposal which has been given and conversation which has taken place with BJP President ( Amit Shah ).... a very liberal proposal has been sent to Shiv Sena.
"The other seats which we are demanding are those which Sena has never won in last 30 years. We have said... give us the worst possible seats but give us the numbers," he he said.
"In a contingent situation that the BJP is compelled not to contest with Shiv Sena, we would go it alone on all 288 seats but we will prefer that Shiv Sena comes along," Rudy told reporters.
Party sources said they have prepared a list of candidates for a majority of seats barring "20-30" where they were still looking for appropriate names or expecting leaders from other parties to join them.
"We are not in favour of breaking the alliance. But we are also not in a mood of tolerating their (Sena) uncompromising attitude. There can be flexibility but we are getting to hear their proposals only on news channels," a BJP leader said.
Khadse, one of the claimants for Chief Minister's post if BJP came to power, said the alliance was practically on the "death bed".
"The eyes are not moving, so are hands and legs. Looks like its time for (last) preparations," he told a private Marathi TV channel.
With no clarity yet on the fate of the alliance, two of Mahayuti's smaller constituents today asked Sena and BJP to resolve the seat-sharing tangle quicky, failing which they would "think of other options."
In separate media briefings, RPI president Ramadas Athawale and Rashtriya Samaj Party leader Mahadev Jankar said Sena and BJP should get their act together to prevent Congress-NCP combine from winning a fourth consecutive term in Maharashtra.
"If the seat-sharing issue is not resolved tomorrow and if the alliance breaks, RSP will contest 125 seats on its own," Jankar said.
Athawale said neither Sena nor BJP should take RPI for granted. "Don't take us for granted. Sort out the Mahayuti seat-sharing issue fast," he said.
"People want change. We should not betray them," he said, adding BJP should consider the formula put forth by Uddhav Thackeray.
"NCP chief Sharad Pawar called me recently and made an offer that RPI could align with them if things don't go well in Mahayuti," Athawale said.
Asked what would he do if Sena-BJP alliance breaks, Athawale said, "We have the option of going with either Sena or BJP or contesting on our own or we may even think of the other alternative (going with NCP)."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple Inc s iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus hit 10 mn mark in just 3 daysApple Inc's iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus hit 10 mn mark in just 3 days
Associated Press | New York | Published:  Sep 22 2014, 21:44  IST
Sep 22 2014, 21:44  IST
 

Nifty extends gains for fourth straight session; up 25 pointsNifty extends gains for fourth straight session; up 25 points
The possible perils of private dronesBy Michael Berry and Nabiha Syed (guest-blogging) September 22
While the advantages of drones are numerous, as we mentioned earlier Monday , they are not without risks.
At the top of the list is safety. Drones can cause serious injuries if not operated properly. Last year, a Brooklyn man was killed when his own drone hit him in the head. Other incidents have been close calls, including a drone in Manhattan falling hundreds of feet and landing at the feet of pedestrians on the sidewalk below, and a wedding photographer’s drone accidentally flying into a groom who was posing for romantic images with his bride-to-be. Recently, we have seen news reports of drones flying too close to airports and in the paths of helicopters . And, it’s not hard to imagine the safety concerns that arise from many drones flying through the sky — something like a three-dimensional highway system with no roads, no traffic lights, and no drivers in the cars. Those same concerns might have implications for safety on the ground: just think of drones flocking to catch a glimpse of medical emergencies , forest fires , or a presidential motorcade.
The security of drones themselves is an important safety issue . Drones are vulnerable to hijacking through tactics like GPS spoofing. It is conceivable that drones could be hacked or stolen, compromising any data they have collected.
Drones also implicate questions of private property rights, as others at the Volokh Conspiracy have explored in the past. Drones raise issues about property rights in airspace that rarely come up for most landowners. These issues have the potential to inflame passions and raise a host of additional questions . Indeed, some individuals have expressed the desire to defend themselves and their property against drones flying overhead.
Any review of potential drone risks is not complete without mentioning privacy. Privacy concerns have dominated the discussion about domestic drone use. Camera-equipped drones have elicited the most concern: Sen. Dianne Feinstein claimed that a drone was flown outside the window of her house during a protest, and Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor recently spoke about the privacy concerns drones raise. Government officials are not the only ones who have expressed privacy concerns. Indeed, a woman reportedly assaulted a teenager flying a drone above a beach. The possibility of sensors attached to drones – such as infrared sensors — also raise privacy concerns.
Some of these risks and concerns may eventually be mitigated by technological solutions like airborne sense-and-avoid technology (which would help drones avoid collisions), return-to-base functionality (which would automatically send a drone back to its starting point if it loses contact with its operator), systems that would slow a drone’s fall to the ground in case of damage or low battery, and technology that can alert someone if a drone is hovering nearby.
Nevertheless, each of these risks and concerns — safety, security, property, and privacy — have sparked calls for legislation and regulation. Federal regulators, members of Congress, and state lawmakers have heard these calls and have set their sights on addressing each concern. In our next post, we’ll begin to explore the legal landscape governing drone use, first discussing the philosophical approaches to drone regulation and then turning our attention to where the law stands today.

http://usat.ly/1uyjngYFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Krispy Kreme's 2,400-doughnut box
Some doughnuts sell by the dozen.  Others, by the double-dozen.  But Krispy Kreme in the U.K. just concocted a single, gigantic box the holds 2,400 doughnuts. That's right, a double hundred dozen. The box
Post to Facebook
Krispy Kreme's 2,400-doughnut box Some doughnuts sell by the dozen.  Others, by the double-dozen.  But Krispy Kreme in the U.K. just concocted a single, gigantic box the holds 2,400 doughnuts. That's right, a double hundred dozen. The box Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uyie9e
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
19
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Krispy Kreme's 2,400-doughnut box
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 7:24 a.m. EDT September 24, 2014
Krispy Kreme UK delivered a 'Double Hundred Dozen' box of its famous doughnuts to one lucky Twitter winner. Whether you want it or not, Mara Montalbano (@maramontalbano) has the calorie count. Video provided by Buzz60 Newslook
Krispy Kreme employees load a truck with a box holding 2,400 doughnuts.
(Photo: Krispy Kreme)
100532 CONNECT 753 TWEET 192 LINKEDIN 19 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Some doughnuts sell by the dozen.  Others, by the double-dozen.  But Krispy Kreme in the United Kingdom just concocted a single, gigantic box that holds 2,400 doughnuts.
That's right, a doughnut box big enough to fit the bakers who baked the doughnuts, too.
When the box, which is about 11.4 feet by 3 feet, was delivered late last week to a Krispy Kreme contest-winning company that tweeted most about the promo, it required eight Krispy Kreme employees to deliver it, said Judith Denby, chief marketing officer at Krispy Kreme U.K.
"I was there — it's a very, very big box," said Gemma Vardon, director at Krispy Kreme's U.K. PR agency, The Academy.  Unfortunately, no one weighed the box, so its weight remains a mystery.  But its price — if one were to be sold — is not a mystery. That would be about $2,600 U.S. dollars, Vardon said.
Behind all this: Krispy Kreme's U.K. PR machine working in overdrive.  The brand simply wanted to promote the fact that it was creating a new "Krispy Kreme Occasions" division that would customize doughnut offerings for corporate events or special occasions such as weddings and other celebrations.  The division sells doughnut "towers" for special events or even personalized doughnuts with customized, chocolate name plates or corporate logos.
There are no plans to create another box of 2,400 doughnuts, but Krispy Kreme U.K. will sell you 100 of the so-called Double-Dozen boxes for about $2,600, said Vardon.
The company that won the big box, 360 Resourcing Solutions, celebrated in an appropriate way: tweeting a picture of Homer Simpson salivating.
That kind of "social currency" is precisely what Krispy Kreme ordered up with this promo, said brand guru Erich Joachimsthaler, CEO of Vivaldi Partners Group. Even on social media, he said, "everyone deserves a smile break."
A woman snaps a photograph of Krispy Kreme's giant box of 2,400 doughnuts on Sept. 22 in North London, England. The Double Hundred Dozen box of doughnuts was prepared by eight staff members at the Enfield Hotlight store. 
(Photo: Krispy Kreme)
Workers load a giant box of Krispy Kreme doughnuts into a truck. The giant box was the prize in a Twitter contest designed to promote the company's new catering service in the United Kingdom. 
(Photo: Krispy Kreme)
A giant box of 2,400 doughnuts is loaded at the Enfield Hotlight store. 
(Photo: Krispy Kreme)
Workers at the Enfield Hotlight store pose with the box of 2,400 doughnuts. 
(Photo: Krispy Kreme)
A worker stands with a Krispy Kreme box filled with 2,400 doughnuts. 
(Photo: Krispy Kreme)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Apples dangerous game  part 3: Where do you draw the line  and whats the privacy tradeoffBy Orin Kerr September 22
Having waded through hundreds of responses to my posts on Apple’s new iOS8, I wanted to ask two related questions to the many readers who were critical of (and in some cases, deeply hostile to) my initial post . The first question is the “where would you draw the line” question, and the second is “what is the privacy tradeoff” question. I set them out below, and then I ask for your feedback.
Before I get to the questions, I want to add, if it’s not clear from my prior posts, that I’m asking these questions genuinely hoping to learn from the answers. I’m trying to work through the issues myself, and I’m trying to get a sense of where people are coming from to figure out what I think. Given that, it would be very helpful if readers would actually take the questions seriously rather than just express anger that the questions are being asked or speculate about what corrupt motives prompted them. If you think the answers are obvious and people who don’t see it are idiots, then take it slowly and explain your view in a way that even an idiot can understand. Not everyone thinks the issues are so simple, and it’s hard to persuade people unless you take them through your reasoning.
So here’s my first question, the “where would you draw the line” question. It runs like this:
Strong crypto has benefits and costs from the standpoint of security and public safety. For many Internet users, the benefit side is obvious: Crypto allows individuals to keep people out who should be out. But there’s also a cost side, because it also allows individuals to keep people out who shouldn’t be out. Unfortunately, sometimes people use computers and the Internet to facilitate really bad crimes. Maybe the crime is child molestation offenses involving child pornography, or maybe it’s a conspiracy to commit murder or to inflict violence. Maybe it’s fraud or harassment or something else. To deter and punish those and other crimes, communities hire police to investigate crimes to collect evidence and charge wrongdoers in court, the thought being that solving crimes and bringing prosecutions is critical to deterring that kind of crime in the future and to punishing the wrongful acts. If an individual can use crypto to keep anyone out, however, people using computers to commit crimes will use that to keep the police out even when the police have a warrant.
So here’s the question: In your view, can there ever a point when there can be too much encryption — and if so, what is that point? In other words, do you think there could ever be a point at which crypto is so widely used in so many contexts to protect so much data so strongly, that you would think that the marginal costs of more and better crypto begin to cause more harm than good? Some very vocal readers take the view that the government is fundamentally illegitimate, and I gather that they will say that there is no such point. From their perspective, the very idea of governments solving crimes, and criminal law in its entirety, is misguided. But for readers who don’t go that far, and who see some legitimate role for law enforcement, is there any point at which you would say, in the hypothetical future, that there is too much encryption? If so, where would that line be, in terms of the scenarios that trouble you and government powers that you think would be cut back too far?
So that’s the first question. Here’s the second question, which is related to the first question but is more based on some themes of my academic work (and this article in particular). Unlike the first question, the second question is more for those with a legal background, and especially in the area of criminal procedure law. But I hope it will be of at least some interest to the broader readership. This is the “privacy tradeoff” question, and it goes something like this:
The history of Fourth Amendment law shows that the Supreme Court often alters Fourth Amendment rules in response to technological change. The Supreme Court tries to roughly maintain the balance of Fourth Amendment protection over time as technology shifts, so that technological change doesn’t give the government too much power (which would lead to abuses) or take too much power away from the government (which would make it too easy to commit crimes undetected). I’ve called this equilibrium-adjustment , and the basic idea is that there is a technological-legal tradeoff: If technology gives, the law takes away, and if technology takes away, the law gives. This dynamic allows the Fourth Amendment to maintain its role over time. Supreme Court opinions interpreting the Fourth Amendment in tech-related cases are a little bit like drivers trying to maintain constant speed over mountainous terrain: judges add extra gas when facing an uphill climb and ease off the pedal on the downslopes. (This is a really oversimplified version of the argument, of course; for the details, read the full article .)
If I’m correct about this history of the Fourth Amendment, then it suggests that strong crypto may incur legal tradeoffs. If the government can’t get access to contents, even with a warrant, and that ends up substantially shifting the privacy-security balance, the Supreme Court will respond by expanding government power in other ways to counteract that shift and restore the prior balance of power. We’ll get more privacy in some ways from more technological protection, but less privacy in other ways from having less constitutional protection. So here’s the question: What privacy tradeoffs might the Supreme Court make in response to strong encryption that would more-or-less restore the prior balance of constitutional protection? If strong crypto really changes the privacy-security balance, what currently-existing legal protections will we lose in response? And normatively, to the extent we may have a choice, is the full-crypto-with-lost-protections world better or worse than the less-crypto-with-current-protections world we have now?
That’s the second question. I assume a lot of readers will want to fight the premise. In my experience, equilibrium-adjustment is widely celebrated among the Internet crowd when technological change leads to a Supreme Court decision expanding rights, as in Riley, but a lot of people are less enthusiastic when focusing on change in the other direction. But the basic idea of equilibrium-adjustment is that, for better or worse, legal change is a two-way street. So I’m really interested in getting a sense of what privacy tradeoffs strong encryption might trigger.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.

California wildfire is now bigger than AtlantaBy Mark Berman September 22 Follow @markberman
A wildfire sweeping through parts of California's Sierra Nevada mountains has destroyed 10 homes and is threatening thousands of other structures. (Reuters)
Wildfires continue to ravage  large stretches of California, with thousands of firefighters deployed to battle half a dozen blazes scattered across the state.
The biggest of these remains the gigantic King fire , which has now grown to cover more than 87,500 acres (or about 136 square miles). To put this in perspective, that means the fire is now larger than the cities of Atlanta, Las Vegas, Philadelphia and Portland.
— NASA Earth (@NASA_EO) September 22, 2014
Most of the land that has been burned in the King Fire is on the grounds of the Eldorado National Forest, officials say. Last week, a stretch of the forest was closed due to the fire.
But as the fire has grown , it has also begun to burn homes and other buildings. The King fire has destroyed 10 residences and another 22 structures so far, the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (or Cal Fire) said Sunday. And another 21,000 structures remain threatened.
Firefighters set a controlled burn to create a safe zone around homes close to the King fire. (Alvin Jordana/EPA)
Police arrested Wayne Allen Huntsman last week and charged him with arson in connection to this fire, setting his bail at $10 million. They have provided few details about Huntsman or the investigation, but said they do not think anyone else was involved in setting the fire.
About 2,800 people have been evacuated due to this blaze, which began on Sept. 13 to the east of Sacramento. The fire grew considerably last week, and it nearly tripled in size when it jumped from about 27,000 acres on Wednesday night to about 73,000 acres on Thursday night.
Cal Fire is responding to six major wildfires across the state, with about 6,500 firefighters deployed on Monday. Most of them are fighting the King blaze, which is currently about 18 percent contained.
Weather conditions on Monday should help prevent the fire from growing considerably on Monday night, as higher humidity could slow any potential spread, officials said.
California has seen a significant uptick in wildfires  this year, with more of them occurring than during an average year, according to Cal Fire. Gov. Jerry Brown (D) has declared a state of emergency due to the fires. The catastrophic drought has played a key role in the growth of these wildfires, leaving bone-dry grass and brush that can easily burn and let the fires get stronger.
Cal Fire also reported that the Boles fire in Siskiyou County, which has burned nearly 500 acres since Sept. 15, has been fully contained.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

http://usat.ly/1paSuMJFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks end lower: Nasdaq off more than 1%
Stocks fell at the open Monday as the Dow pulled back from a record close and Alibaba dropped 3% in it's second-day of trading after a blockbuster start on Friday.
Post to Facebook
Stocks end lower: Nasdaq off more than 1% Stocks fell at the open Monday as the Dow pulled back from a record close and Alibaba dropped 3% in it's second-day of trading after a blockbuster start on Friday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uxeBAc
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks end lower: Nasdaq off more than 1%
David Carrig, USA TODAY 6:07 p.m. EDT September 22, 2014
Video Keywords OC KB home Paychex Housing economy CarMax AutoZone houses home Nike's USA today France China
How's the economy really doing? This week Cars, housing and jobs tell investors what is really going on.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  Housing economy really doing investors find out this week by
00:03  watching three things cars houses and jobs. -- France this is
00:10  America's markets. Investors looking for new data points will get them
00:20  if they know we're no luck to big companies connected with
00:23  the auto industry report profit. Car parts -- AutoZone reports on
00:27  Monday. It was a point for 8% brought. Perhaps more telling
00:31  will be car seller CarMax on Tuesday. Consumers buy cars when
00:35  they're feeling confident analysts see earnings up 8%. Company consumers buy
00:40  cars and houses home builder KB home reports Wednesday it was
00:45  wanna -- 46% higher prop it. Investors will be looking for
00:48  clues about a stronger housing market. Existing home sales data are
00:53  also due out Monday. Car and home sales are powered by
00:57  jobs and there's data this week on that do payroll processor
01:01  Paychex reports on Wednesday. More paste -- means more jobs. Earnings
01:07  are expected to be up four point 5%. What's more important
01:10  is what paychecks -- in hiring trends. 200 dollars sneakers are
01:15  as important as homes or cars but Nike's earnings report is
01:19  useful especially when it comes to gazing global demand. The company's
01:23  reporting Thursday. In OC profit inching up just 2.3 percent but
01:27  investors who want to hear about what -- seeing from other
01:30  parts of the world including China. But there's also GDP data
01:35  to look forward to. And investors know to watch cars houses
01:39  and shops. This is Matt Krantz. At USA today.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
48 CONNECT 129 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Wall Street took a sharp hit Monday as tech stocks plunged and Alibaba (BABA) fell more than 4% on its second day of trading after a blockbuster start on Friday.
Investor concerns of a slowing Chinese economy also weighed on global stocks as oil prices dropped.
The Dow Jones industrial average retreated from its record close Friday and ended down 107.06 points, dropping 0.6% to 17,172.68.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell back below 2000, dropping 16.11 points, or 0.8% to 1994.29. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index plunged  52.10 points, or 1.1% to 4527.69.
Study: More than 20% laid off in past 5 years are still unemployed (Photo: Matt Rourke, AP) http://t.co/tfYjZbDb9l pic.twitter.com/wfP9dyXjNt

http://usat.ly/1uyiftHAlibaba slips 4.3% in post-IPO trading
Alibaba selloff pushes stock down 4%
Post to Facebook
Alibaba slips 4.3% in post-IPO trading Alibaba selloff pushes stock down 4% Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uyiftH
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Alibaba slips 4.3% in post-IPO trading
Gary Strauss, USA TODAY 4:17 p.m. EDT September 22, 2014
Jack Ma, founder of Alibaba, smiles during the company's IPO at the New York Stock Exchange, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014 in New York.
(Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP)
25 CONNECT 51 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Shares of freshly minted IPO Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba dropped 4.3% Monday, hurt by Wall Street's broad market selloff and profit-taking after Friday's 38% surge.
Alibaba, which climbed $25.89 to $93.89 in its Friday debut, closed off $4 to $89.89 Monday. The slide was part a broader tech and market selloff that clipped the Standard & Poors 500 Index nearly 1% 1,994 and pushed the tech-heavy NASDAQ 1.1% lower to 4,528.
"I don't think there's anything to be concerned about Alibaba, especially after the pop it had Friday,'' says James Gellert, CEO of Rapid Ratings International, which measures the financial health of companies.
"High fliers like this are going to have volatility and up days and down days. Support for the stock and the company is extremely good,'' Gellert said. "If it was down 30%, that would be an issue."
Alibaba's IPO raised $21.8 million. Underwriters bought another 48 million shares, Alibaba said Monday, pushing the size of the deal to $25 billion, ahead of the record $22 billion raised in 2010 by Agricultural Bank of China Ltd.
Most stock analysts remain positive. MKM Partners' Rob Sanderson issued a buy rating Monday and set a $125 price target.
Analysts aren't so optimistic about Yahoo! which holds a 22% stake in Alibaba. Shares lost 5.6% to $38.65 after dropping nearly 3% Friday.
Behind Monday's Yahoo! selloff: downgraded ratings  by analysts at  Sanford Bernstein and Merrill Lynch.
Follow Strauss on Twitter @gstrauss_
25 CONNECT 51 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uyiftH
USA NOW
Marion Barry, former D.C. mayor, passes away at age 78
Nov 23, 2014

BJP  Shiv Sena soften stand  alliance hopes still aliveComments
The deadlock over seat-sharing between the BJP and the Shiv Sena continued Monday but the alliance partners appeared willing to accommodate each other’s concerns, keeping hopes of reconciliation alive.
The BJP sent a fresh proposal to the Shiv Sena, offering to contest 130 seats -- five down from its initial demand of 135 --- in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly but also hinted it was ready to go it alone.
A day after it made the senior ally the “final offer” of 119 seats, the Sena -– through informal channels -- indicated it was willing to concede another six seats to the BJP, sources said. The Sena had Sunday set aside 151 seats for itself.
For weeks, the saffron combine has been fighting bitterly over the number of seats each party will contest in the October 15 state election.
The alliance fancies its chances this time and whichever party gets more seats, will also get the CM’s post.
“In a contingent situation that the BJP is compelled not to contest with the Shiv Sena, we would go it alone on all 288 seats but we will prefer that Shiv Sena comes along,” BJP general secretary in-charge for Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
Video: BJP leaders to meet Shiv Sena to save Maharashtra alliance
The BJP, said sources, was yet to receive a formal response from Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on its fresh demand for 130 seats.
“We have shown some flexibility... Sena should give us those seats where chances of its victory are nil.” There are some 59 seats that the Sena has not won in last five elections.
Late Sunday, the party’s central election committee had finalised candidates for more than 200 seats, sources said. In case of a split, the BJP would “accommodate” the three smaller parties that are part of the Mahayuti, or the grand alliance, the sources said.
Rudy has been asked go to Mumbai and settle things in the next two-three days. September 27 is the last day of filing election papers. The party’s election in-charge Om Mathur is already in Mumbai.
 
Thackeray had called up two senior BJP leaders on Sunday, but failed to secure any concession, a BJP leader told HT. The party, said sources, would wait for the “inauspicious” Pitrapaksha to end -- on September 24 --before announcing candidates.
Read: BJP rejects Sena's 'final' offer
The BJP leaders say they want the alliance to work but a break-up with Sena wouldn’t put the party at a disadvantage.
“We will get an opportunity to make inroads in urban areas where Modi magic will give us an advantage,” a BJP leader said on condition of anonymity.
Rudy earlier said that his party had sent “a very liberal proposal” to Sena as the 130 seats include the “worst” possible seats which its ally had never won in last 30 years. Traditionally, the Shiv Sena has fought more seats than the BJP, which wants a bigger share this time following its Lok Sabha victory.

Feeling good about gold: Festive season to add to jewellers  cheerFeeling good about gold: Festive season to add to jewellers  cheer
Jaitley in hospital for post-surgeryexaminationPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:24 am
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has been re-admitted to hospital for a post-surgery check-up, his doctor said on Monday. Jaitley, who had undergone a surgery to control diabetes earlier this month, was admitted on Sunday evening to Max hospital at Saket and is likely to be discharged on Tuesday.
“Jaitley was admitted yesterday (Sunday) at 6 pm for a planned routine follow-up for the assessment of his kidney functioning parameters,” said Dr Pradeep K Chowbey, executive vice chairman of Max Healthcare and Director of Max Institute of Minimal Access, Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery, who operated on Jaitley on September 10.
The minister also complained of a minor stomach infection. Earlier this month, the 61-year-old BJP leader had undergone an elective laproscopic procedure for diabetes management. He was discharged on September 10. Sources said Jaitley is keeping fine but is under observation.

Before investor summit  MP cabinet clears changes to 20 labourlawsPrint
Express News Service | Bhopal | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:22 am
A fortnight before the Global Investors Summit starts in Indore, the Madhya Pradesh government on Monday cleared amendments to 20 labour laws arguing that the proposed rationalisation would favour both labourers and entrepreneurs.
Noting that permission from the Central government would be sought when required, the state cabinet proposed amendments to the Industrial Disputes Act and the Factories Act.
Permission for layoff, retrenchment and closure would have to be taken only when an industrial unit employs 300 or more workers from the previous stipulation of 100 workers. The cabinet also proposed that non-compliance with labour laws would entail fine instead of jail term.
A government spokesman said for better layoff compensation for workers, a provision has been proposed to give three months’ notice and three months’ salary in establishments with less than 300 labourers. The government argued this provision would prompt employers to hire more than 100 workers on rolls.
While proposing to lift ban on night shifts for women, the cabinet said the employer would have to follow norms and conditions for their safety.
The cabinet also proposed amendments to ensure that microindustries be exempted from nine labour laws. Their inspection would be made only after an advance permission from the labour commissioner, the spokesman said, adding the changes seek to maintain status quo in terms of salary, gratuity, bonus, ESI and provident fund for workers in these industries.
Presently, a labourer becomes entitled to holidays in the next calendar year only after working for 240 days, but the proposed changes seek to reduce it 180 days during the same year.

Garba: BJP MLAs meet calls for ID checks  singing of VandeMataramPrint
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:20 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 1:21 am
* Muslims should not be allowed entry. Make those insisting on entry taste cow urine or panchgavya (a concoction made of five cow products: milk, ghee, curd, urine and dung). It will ensure only Hindus enter because others don’t have faith (in cow and Hinduism).
* If at all Muslims want entry they are welcome only when accompanied by their female family members.
* All garbas should begin with singing of Vande Mataram. Participants clad in jeans and t-shirts should not be allowed entry.
These were among the recommendations made at a meeting called in Bhopal on Monday by BJP MLA Rameshwar Sharma, Hindu Utsav Samiti and representatives of religions other than Islam to finalise their stand on the allowing entry to non-Hindus in garba venues during the Navratri festival.
Called in the backdrop of the demand to keep Muslims off garba venues, a view articulated by BJP MLAs Usha Thakur and Rameshwar Sharma, the meeting decided to submit a memorandum to the Bhopal collector on Tuesday to instruct garba organisers to insist on ID cards and make singing of Vande Mataram compulsory. The local administration in Indore and Ujjain has already made ID cards compulsory at garba venues.
Chandrashekhar Tiwari of Sanskriti Bachao Manch, who suggested the ‘panchgavya’ test, told The Indian Express that singing Vande Mataram will separate Hindus from Muslims. “The Muslim clergy should issue a fatwa asking Muslims to keep away from garba venues.’’
Rameshwar Sharma, MLA from Huzur constituency in Bhopal, suggested that Muslims should be accompanied by female family members. “It will ensure they conduct themselves well and not eye Hindu girls,’’ he said adding, “We don’t disturb them when they offer namaz. Garba is our ibadat it should be left to Hindus.’’
Hindu Utsav Samiti chief Narayan Singh Kushwah said Muslims should be prohibited from garba venues. With Sharma as one of the founding members, the Samiti has members from all right-wing organisations and the BJP. The samiti celebrates Hindu festivals and organises religious events and kavi sammelans in the capital. “Do we insist on going to the Haj,’’ he asked.
Durgesh Keswani of Sindhu Sena, which has campaigned in the past against “too much freedom to Sindhi girls’’, said only those wearing traditional dresses should be allowed entry. The meeting was also attended by former RSS functionary Shashibhai Sheth and representatives of Buddhism, Sikh and Jain sects.

Chinese troops said to be 2 km inside LAC  build-up on therisePrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:16 am
Troops of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) have reportedly entered two kilometres inside the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Chumar sector, where Indian soldiers are said to be in an advantageous position due to a favourable terrain.
A senior government source said the Indo Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) force deployed there was forced to retreat as around 100 PLA soldiers camped there. The Chinese, who started trickling into the area over a week ago, have camped themselves here for the past three days.]
Chumar is strategically important as it is located on a higher altitude and India has an ITBP camp there. There are a dozen more locations where India-China are engaged in standoff-in Demchok and Chumar sector.
“The PLA troops have taken a position two kilometres inside our perceived territory along the LAC. They do not have a camp in this sector as the terrain on their side is not hospitable. They have rushed in their men who are camping here. Following this, we have also rushed reinforcements and the build-up can increase in the coming days,” said a senior government official.
As the stand-off continues, ITBP DG Subhash Goswami Monday briefed Minister of State (Home) Kiren Rijiju and gave a presentation on the recent spate of standoffs along the LAC. “We have asked our men to be aggressive and this is the reason we are involved in a number of stand-offs with the Chinese in the past three months. We are building some infrastructure for our troops and China is objecting to it. We even raised the issue of China constructing some military infrastructure on the other side. Four flag meetings have taken place but no conclusion has been reached,” said a senior government official.
Another Home Ministry official said, “We have been asked not to lower guard and no de-escalation will take place from our side. This is a major shift in government’s stand from earlier times when we were asked to retreat.”

Row over map of China handed out byGujaratPrint
Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:15 am
A map of China circulated by the Gujarat government to the media after the MoU signing-ceremony with China on September 17 is at the centre of a political storm with the Congress demanding an apology from Prime Minister Modi.
The map was distributed as part of the press kit that was handed out during a special media session when three MoUs were signed between China and the Gujarat government in presence of Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Additional Chief Secretary, Industries and Mines, D J Pandian, was questioned on the boundaries in the map that showed the borders demarcating Arunachal Pradesh with dotted lines after the MoUs were signed. After the conference, when Pandian headed out for refreshments, a journalist asked if the dotted lines on the map was meant to show Arunachal as a disputed area. Pandian had rubbished the suggestion. The map carried similar dotted lines demarcating Aksai Chin and PoK.
On Monday, the Gujarat government sent out an official release stating that the map was “not part of the MoU signed”.
“The map shows the location of Guangdong Province and Guangzhou City in China. It was neither signed by any government of Gujarat official nor endorsed by government of Gujarat…The map was not part of the MoU,” the state government said in a statement.

Clorox shares rise on Venezuela exit; options volume surgesWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Houthi rebels control Yemeni capital after ceasefireHouthi rebels control Yemeni capital after ceasefire
Modi s US visit: India Inc still guessing on delegationModi s US visit: India Inc still guessing on delegation
Supreme Court order on coal blocks could force nationalisationSupreme Court order on coal blocks could force nationalisation
IITs to consider aggregate board marksIITs to consider aggregate board marks
BJP-Sena tie-up on the brinkBJP-Sena tie-up on the brink
Sanjay Jog & Archis Mohan | Mumbai/New Delhi Sep 23, 2014 12:31 AM IST
With neither the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) nor the Shiv Sena willing to yield ground on the number of Assembly seats they want to contest, the alliance between them seems to be on the brink. However, the central leadership of the BJP is trying to salvage the 25-year alliance, fearing repercussions in the Rajya Sabha, where the ruling party does not have a majority. The Sena has three members in the Upper House.
The BJP had already rejected Sena’s last seat- sharing formula of 151:119 for the elections to the 288-member Maharashtra Assembly. The BJP demanded 130 seats. But the Sena is in no mood to relent. While state-level leaders of both the parties have given up on the alliance, the Centre is still counselling patience and wisdom.
Since 1989, no party has contested all the 288 seats in the state alone. Sharad Pawar’s Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) was part of the Congress before it was formed in 1999. There are regions where even national parties such as the BJP and the Congress have little or no presence.
But BJP’s state-level leaders, confident that Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s magic will help them secure a higher number (of 24 Lok Sabha seats they contested, they won 23, losing only one to former Chief Minister Ashok Chavan) are seeing visions of having a BJP chief minister in Maharashtra’s history.
This is the reason, state BJP leaders say, the alliance is over and that the Central Parliamentary Board has discussed the names of party nominees for all the 288 seats.
State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis said the Sena was not in a state of mind to hold negotiations. He reiterated the BJP was unable to accept the Sena’s formula.
Curiously, the Sena sought the intervention of Union minister of external affairs Sushma Swaraj to convince the BJP’s central and state leadership to accept 119 seats.
Sena supremo late Bal Thackeray and his son Uddhav had made a pitch for Swaraj’s nomination as the prime ministerial nominee of the National Democratic Alliance but later extended their support to Modi.
In Delhi, party sources neither confirmed nor denied that BJP President Amit Shah spoke to Sena chief on Monday. However, they did complain of Thackeray’s “arrogance”. Sources said Thackeray phoned two senior leaders of BJP before Sunday’s central election committee meeting. They say Thackeray was being highhanded in talking to senior BJP leaders and ignoring state leaders.
Maharashtra polls are on October 15. The last date for filing of nominations is September 27. BJP sources claimed the party had already discussed candidates for 215-seats, and might decide to contest nearly 250 seats if its alliance with Sena comes unstuck.
But the BJP’s central leadership is wary that its opponents could accuse it in the electoral battlefield of being a betrayer of its allies, given its recent break up with Kuldeep Bishnoi-led Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC) and also with Janata Dal (United) in 2013.
However, it is sure of painting Thackeray as “arrogant”, given how he has treated his cousin Raj or senior leaders like Manohar Joshi, Narayan Rane and Suresh Prabhu and was now trying to snap ties with a long time ally.
BJP sources said the party had climbed down from its insistence that both Sena and BJP contest 135 seats each, giving 18 to allies like Republican Party of India (Athavale) and Swabhimani Shetkari Sangathana.
They said party’s Maharashtra unit chief Devendra Fadnavis had proposed that BJP contest 130 seats, Sena 140 and 18 be allocated to other allies.
BJP leadership says the party’s strike rate was better in the 2009 assembly elections when it contested only 119 seats compared to 169 of its ally.
The BJP wants Sena to renegotiate the electoral arrangement on 59-seats that the alliance hasn’t won in the last 15-years. Of these, Sena has never won 40 while BJP’s share is 19.
A leader said all Sena had to do was part with 11-seats from its 40. BJP believes the reason its alliance with Sena couldn’t form a government in the last 15-years is precisely these 59-seats.
“BJP is known as an urban party across India but in Maharashtra it is the Sena which contests urban seats in Mumbai, Pune, Nashik, etc. We are confident of doing well in urban area as Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s message of good governance has gone to all,” a senior leader said.
The leader also said the party was unlikely to hold any more of its Central Election Committee meetings as its final list is nearly ready.
“We are confident of being the single largest party,” the leader said. The BJP has decided on its slogan in Maharashtra that will liken the good governance of Shivaji's rule with that of Modi's.

IFCI to raise Rs 2 000 cr via long-term bonds in Q3IFCI to raise Rs 2,000 cr via long-term bonds in Q3
Abhijit Lele | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 12:19 AM IST
Delhi-based government-owned finance company IFCI plans to raise up to Rs 2,000 crore through 10-year bonds to finance medium and long-term projects.
IFCI has been incrementally raising funds mostly from banks at base rate plus a spread of 25 basis points, while the share of low-cost capital market borrowings in incremental funding has been low.
Malay Mukherjee, CEO and managing director, IFCI, said it would be ready with resources when demand picks up in the second half. Although fresh project proposals are small in number, sanctioned credit is to the tune of Rs 3,600 crore.
The ground work for the proposed bond offering is underway and it would soon be filed with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi). According to an IFCI executive, who did not wish to be named, the offering could hit the market in the third quarter of the current financial year.
When asked about the preference to tap the market, Mukherjee said IFCI could raise cheap funds from the capital market compared with banks, which lend at rates above the base rate.
At present, the base rate for most banks is above 10 per cent, while the yield on a 10-year paper is of 8.50 per cent. Thus, the money raised from banks would carry lending rate in excess of 10.25 per cent, whereas bonds with a tenure of 10 years and more would attract coupon rate 8.5 per cent, giving a saving of at least 150 basis points.
IFCI’s ability to raise funds at competitive cost through capital market instruments would be critical for its competitiveness.
IFCI’s liquidity profile remains comfortable, on the back of long-dated borrowings and sizeable liquid investments, as reflected in no-negative cumulative mismatches in any of the buckets as on March 2014.
During FY14, IFCI reported a net profit of Rs 508 crore on a total income of Rs 2,951 crore. The total loan portfolio stood at Rs 18,635 crore as on March 31, 2014.

PNB approves 1:5 share split to increase liquidity of scripPNB approves 1:5 share split to increase liquidity of scrip
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 23, 2014 12:17 AM IST
State-owned Punjab National Bank (PNB) has approved sub-division of one equity share into five, with the aim to increase liquidity of the scrip.
“The board (of the bank) also considered and granted in- principle approval for spilt of existing equity shares of face value of Rs 10 each into five equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each,” PNB said in a statement on Monday.
Besides, at its meeting on September 19, the board discussed various options of raising capital to meet Basel-III norms, and to fund the general business needs of the bank.
Among the issues discussed were allotment of shares to employees under Employees Stock Purchase Scheme (ESPS) or any other scheme.
It also explored the avenues for raising capital through qualified institutional placement, follow-on public offer or rights issue and raise Basel-III compliant additional tier-I capital bonds.
The above actions are subject to regulatory approvals, including by the government of India.
Meanwhile, another public sector lender Punjab & Sind Bank approved the conversion of perpetual non-cumulative preference shares (PNCPS) of Rs 200 crore, perpetual cumulative preference shares (PCPS) of Rs 200 crore and Innovative Perpetual Debt Instruments (IPDI) of Rs 160 crore held by government, aggregating to Rs 560 crore, into 94.6 million shares.
Besides, it has also obtained approval to allot up to 6.76 crore shares aggregating up to Rs 400 crore to Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC) and subsidiary companies of GIC on preferential basis at a issue price of Rs 59.14 per share.

Former Chicago Mayor Jane ByrneFormer Chicago Mayor Jane Byrne
Caption City Hall interview
Ernie Cox Jr., Chicago Tribune
Mayor Jane Byrne is interview in June 2002 at City Hall.
Mayor Jane Byrne is interview in June 2002 at City Hall. (Ernie Cox Jr., Chicago Tribune)
Caption Blues Brothers and sisters
Martha Leonard, handout
Mayor Jane Byrne, from left, John Belushi, Dan Aykroyd, back, and Kathy Byrne strike a "Blues Brothers" pose at ChicagoFest in August 1979.
Mayor Jane Byrne, from left, John Belushi, Dan Aykroyd, back, and Kathy Byrne strike a "Blues Brothers" pose at ChicagoFest in August 1979. (Martha Leonard, handout)
Caption State Street appearance
Carl Hugare, Chicago Tribune
Jane Byrne greets crowds outside Marshall Field's at the corner of State and Washington streets on the last day of the campaign in 1979.
Jane Byrne greets crowds outside Marshall Field's at the corner of State and Washington streets on the last day of the campaign in 1979. (Carl Hugare, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Mayor Byrne
Carl Hugare, Chicago Tribune
Jane Byrne savors her victory over Mayor Michael Bilandic in 1979. She was Chicago's first and only female mayor.
Jane Byrne savors her victory over Mayor Michael Bilandic in 1979. She was Chicago's first and only female mayor. (Carl Hugare, Chicago Tribune)
Caption The victor
Anne Cusack, Chicago Tribune
Surprised and exuberant, Jane Byrne and supporters exult in her upset victory in the Democratic mayoral primary in 1979.
Surprised and exuberant, Jane Byrne and supporters exult in her upset victory in the Democratic mayoral primary in 1979. (Anne Cusack, Chicago Tribune)
See more galleries
Jane Byrne's political career had its ups and downs with many firsts on her list of accomplishments: the first female mayor of Chicago, first female co-chairman of the Cook County Democratic Organization, the first female commissioner in a major American city. After she lost her bid for a...
This photo gallery is featured in these articles:

Tech turns Chicago s Skid Row into country s top...1
The company also rents offices in the Mart, a 3.6 million- square-foot Art Deco property that was built in 1930 for department store chain Marshall Field & Co. for its wholesale operations and known for decades as the Merchandise Mart. The landlord, New York-based Vornado Realty Trust, changed the name in a bid to attract more technology tenants.
Yelp agreed to take more than 50,000 square feet in the Mart for its first Chicago offices. The building's proximity to public transit helped sway Yelp's decision, according to a statement from the company and Mayor Rahm Emanuel announcing the lease on Aug. 14. Yelp will move into the space in January and plans to hire as many as 300 workers in the city in the next 18 months.
Emanuel has worked to lure young technology firms to Chicago, touting its lower cost of living compared with San Francisco, Seattle and Boston. Groupon, restaurant-delivery website GrubHub and Braintree, the electronic-payment system bought by EBay last year, are among companies that brought attention to Chicago as a hub for the growing industry.
"Last year there was a new startup every day in Chicago, just in the digital space," Emanuel said in an Aug. 27 interview on Bloomberg Television. "We have a workforce with a Midwest work ethic that is, bar-none, the best in the United States, and our workforce is tremendously loyal."
River North shares characteristics with other high-tech submarkets, such as South of Market in San Francisco, South Lake Union in Seattle and New York's midtown south. Their industrial- era properties and smaller buildings with brick-and-timber construction have been favored by technology tenants, according to Colin Yasukochi, director of research and analysis for CBRE in San Francisco. Such districts were considered "fringe" and had lower rents prior to becoming popular places for living, dining and entertainment, he said.
River North asking office rents averaged $33.68 a square foot in the second quarter, up from $22.47 four years ago, according to CBRE. Class A, or top-quality, offices in River North commanded the highest asking rents in all of downtown, at $44.03 a square foot on average.
River North's rising rents and the lack of suitable supply have forced some potential tenants to look elsewhere. SIM Partners, a firm that helps companies' brands get more exposure online, began seeking space about 18 months ago, said Jay Hawkinson, senior vice president of emerging products.
"When we started, River North was the place to be for tech," he said. "To get what we wanted, we knew we weren't going to get it at a price that was going to work out for us."
SIM Partners ended up taking 14,500 square feet at 30 N. LaSalle St. across the river in the Loop, moving its headquarters from Evanston. The rent, in the low $30s a square foot, is a few dollars less than what the same space would have cost in River North, Hawkinson said.
Other parts of the central business district and west of the river from downtown also have lured companies shut out of River North, said Corey Siegrist, a tenant broker at Jones Lang LaSalle Inc.
About 22 percent of Chicago's new office jobs in the two years through 2013 were in the technology industry, CBRE data show. Employers added 11,795 positions, ranking sixth behind California's Silicon Valley, Seattle, San Francisco, Manhattan and Boston. Hiring will increase and continue to prop up the real estate market, said Yasukochi of CBRE.
Health-information provider ContextMedia Inc., with 100 employees, has doubled its staff in each of the past five years and expects to have 200 workers in 2015, said Rishi Shah, the CEO. The company this year moved its headquarters from the Loop to AMA Plaza, a 52-story tower in River North designed by German-born architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, in part because it had room to grow into, Shah said.
The accessible location, assortment of bars and coffee shops for socializing and concentration of like-minded technology companies help create a community feel that makes River North hard to beat, Shah said.
"It makes sense to me that River North is taking off the way it has," Shah said. "It has it all."

The birth of Bowlmor  bowling juggernautThe birth of Bowlmor, bowling juggernaut
Bowlmor
Brendan McDermid/ Reuters
A woman passes by the entrance to the building that formerly was the location of Bowlmor Lanes in New York.
A woman passes by the entrance to the building that formerly was the location of Bowlmor Lanes in New York. (Brendan McDermid/ Reuters)
By Reshma Memon Yaqub, Inc.com
Bowling
'It was love at first sight -- the bowling alley, not the girl.'
Tom Shannon has built New York City-based Bowlmor from its humble (and smelly) beginnings into a 262-location bowling and entertainment empire that just acquired iconic bowling company AMF. Getting there began with the ability to see the  potential  amid the dust.
0
The idea for Bowlmor began, as so many things do, with a girl. It was 1994. The girl, Anne, invited me to a birthday party at the Bowlmor bowling alley in Greenwich Village. It was built in 1938 and looked like it hadn't been cleaned since. The decor included a coat of grime and the smell of rotting cheese from the pizza place next door. The bathrooms were disgusting, the furniture was peeling, there was no food, and the "entertainment" was a loop of an '80s music cassette.
Yet it was love at first sight — the bowling alley, not the girl. Shortly before that, as an M.B.A. student at Darden, I'd studied the successful buyout and turnaround of bowling company AMF. I spent the entire party envisioning how I could apply the lessons I learned to turn the place into a beautiful bowling alley.
It took me three years to arrange the purchase. When I got the keys, I renovated the women's bathroom and sealed any openings between us and the pizza store. I created an upscale vibe, an events space, a restaurant-quality kitchen, and a cutting-edge sound system. I drew customers with a racy ad that made them wonder, "What's going on there?" It was still bowling, but I improved the "wrapper" and marketed it aggressively, and it worked. Although we just closed that original location, it inspired everything that followed.

Keywell wins CityLights Award  praises  thriving  tech communityThe ITA said its board of directors determined the CityLights Award. Public voting determined other awards after a panel of judges chose finalists to represent different sectors of the business community, the ITA said.
Here are winners in other categories:
CEO of the Year: Victor Ciardelli , Guaranteed Rate. Finalists: Craig Vodnik, Cleverbridge; Douglas Waggoner, Echo Logistics; Clint Jones and Brandon Cruz, GoHealth; Andrew Sieja, kCura
Technologist of the Year: Eric Lunt, co-founder and CTO, Signal. Finalists: Alex Bratton, Lextech Global Services; Bahar Wadia, UICO; Linwood Ma, Tastytrade/Dough; Rick Lane, Trading Technologies
Prominent Woman in Tech: Kristi Ross , co-CEO and President, Dough. Finalists: Amy Bourne, VP of product, Brad’s Deals; Rona Borre, CEO and founder, Instant Alliance; Chee-Young Kim, president and co-founder, viaForensics; Shelley Stern Grach, director, civic engagement, Microsoft
Rising Star Award: Sprout Social . Finalists: InContext Solutions; PartsTrader; Signal; SIM Partners
Lighthouse Award: ContextMedia . Finalists: Flexera Software; Infogix Inc.; ShopperTrak; Textura Corporation
Outstanding Technology Development Award: Orbitz.com . Finalists: Allstate Insurance; Ifbyphone; INXPO; INOC Trailblazing Award: Zero Percent. Finalists: Food Genius; Opternative; ParkWhiz; Swingbyte
“The winners represent the leading companies and individuals in Illinois tech, and if history is any indicator, they will do even greater things" in the future, ITA CEO Fred Hoch said in a statement announcing the winners. “We are proud to recognize them and be a part of their growth stories.”

Rare photos of Kareena Kapoor KhanCelebrity
Kareena turns a year older
Kareena Kapoor Khan might have lost her status of queen of Bollywood lately, but this raging diva strives her best to get what actually belongs to her. She is known to redefine the term glamorous and sexy in Bollywood and with her spectacular acting skills in movies like Omkaara, Dev and Jab We Met, she is one actress who is hard to forget. She has earned her entry into the 100 crore club with success of the second installment of 'Singham', 'Singham Returns'.
Take a look at this rare picture of Kareena Kapoor with her family
1 / 18
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Fri 21 Sep, 2012 12:30 PM IST

United Airlines turning a corner with time and improved technologyUnited Airlines turning a corner with time and improved technology
ct-airline-routes-0918-biz
Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune
Construction continues on runways at Chicago's O'Hare Field Friday September 19, 2014.
Construction continues on runways at Chicago's O'Hare Field Friday September 19, 2014. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune)
By Gregory Karp, Chicago Tribune reporter
Technology playing larger role at United, official says.
United replacing 50-seat regional jets with 76-seaters -- more economical for airline, important for customers
United Airlines is improving its on-time rates after a rocky start to the year, rolling out new technology in airports and planes, and ridding itself of smaller 50-seat regional jets that aren’t economical for the airline anymore, Jim Compton, United’s chief revenue officer, said at a major aviation conference in Chicago on Sunday.
Many of the world's top airline and airport officials will descend on Chicago this weekend for a global conference that city officials say will be among the largest economic development events of the year for the city and the region. ( Gregory Karp )
“It is no secret that we went through our share of challenges as we worked through our merger,” Compton told attendees of the  annual World Route Development Forum at McCormick Place. The event is an expo and networking event at which officials talk about adding airline routes to different airports.
Chicago officials expect about 3,000 people in the airline, airport and tourism industries to attend the 20th event, being held this week in the United States for only the second time.
Chicago-based United Airlines has struggled with its operations since its merger with Continental Airlines in 2010, especially with being on time and with customer service — so much so that airline officials admitted that the carrier began to lose lucrative corporate customers.
8
After a dismal start to this year, posting a first-quarter loss of $609 million, United seemed to suddenly turn a corner, receiving accolades from Wall Street about its second-quarter profit of $919 million and its direction.
“Our second-quarter results were pleasing and an indication of what we plan to deliver more of in the future,” Compton said Sunday. “We’re not yet there, and we’re not where we want to be. But we’re headed in the right direction.”
United employs 14,000 in Chicago and flies 570 flights per day from O’Hare International Airport, where it is Chicago’s largest airline.
Technology is playing a larger role for the airline, which plans to phase in a new United.com website this year, Compton said. And it is adding charging stations to its gate areas, including more than 100 at O’Hare, he said.
cComments
United is declaring that their new WiFi and "personal device entertainment" systems are wonderful. The REALITY: In a United failure of management that has become all too frequent, televisions were removed from old aircraft and new aircraft arrived without televisions before the...
bbforbb20
7
It’s also adding Wi-Fi — it has been slow to do that relative to its peers — to its aircraft and will be done outfitting its mainline fleet by the end of next year. It is also adding self-tagging at check-in kiosks, installed recently at O’Hare, and the ability, on some aircraft, to stream onboard video entertainment to passengers’ personal devices, such as laptops and iPads.
“Now, more than ever, technology plays an integral role in how we do and think about our business,” Compton said. “Our customers are demanding it … they want so much to be in control. For that to happen, you have to have the right technology in the right places.”
United, following an industry trend, is replacing its 50-seat regional jets, operated by third-party carriers as United Express, with 76-seaters that are more economical for the airline and important for customers because they can accommodate standard-size carry-on bags in the overhead bins, Compton said.
United will remove the equivalent of 130 50-seat jets from its system this year and next, Compton said.
Economic development officials said the Routes conference supports Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s often-stated goal of attracting 55 million visitors per year to Chicago by 2020 and being among the top five U.S. cities in international tourism.
The direct economic effect of the Routes conference, including hotels, restaurants, transportation companies and more, is expected to be $5.2 million, according to Choose Chicago, the city’s tourism agency. But drawing new airline service can be far greater. Wide-body aircraft routes equate to about $200 million per year in economic effect, according to the Chicago Department of Aviation.
While the Routes conference is not open to the public, its goings-on can benefit Chicagoans by opening new air travel routes from Chicago’s airports, especially direct flights to international destinations, city officials said.
It also could bring more competition, which often forces fares lower. For business travelers, more routes often allow more nonstop flights, said Rosemarie Andolino, commissioner of the city’s aviation department.

German firms spend $25B on U.S. rivalsGerman giants spend $25 billion to buy U.S. rivals
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN September 22, 2014: 10:32 AM ET
LONDON (CNNMoney)
European companies just can't get enough of their U.S. rivals.
Two German firms snapped up U.S. competitors for $25 billion before the opening bell Monday, looking beyond record stock prices and a stronger dollar to acquire advanced technology in booming sectors.
In the bigger of the two takeovers, German drug group Merck KGaA ( MKGAF ) will buy Sigma-Aldrich ( SIAL ), based in St Louis, Missouri, for about $17 billion in cash. Merck is offering Sigma shareholders a 37% premium to Friday's closing price.
Merck described the deal as a "quantum leap" that would create a life sciences business better able to compete in the market for research, drugs and biotechnology.
Aging populations in the rich world and rising disposable incomes in many emerging markets are boosting demand for health care, even as many governments demand lower costs, driving a surge in corporate activity .
There were 33 mergers and acquisitions in the sector in the second quarter -- worth $14.5 billion -- according to PwC, up from 23 in the same period last year.
Energy is another hot sector.
Siemens ( SIEGY ) said Monday it was buying Dresser-Rand ( DRC ), of Houston, Texas, for $7.6 billion in cash, or $83 per share. Dresser-Rand closed Friday at $79.91, up more than 17% for the week.
Dresser-Rand is an oil services and power generation technology company. It will give Siemens greater exposure to the U.S. fracking boom .
Related: Burger King is latest in M&A frenzy
U.S. stocks hit new record highs last week, helped by a reassurance from the Federal Reserve that interest rates won't rise any time soon despite stronger growth that is boosting corporate profits.
The dollar has gained 8% against the euro, and 3.5% against the pound, since May -- making U.S. assets more expensive for European buyers.
But that isn't stopping executives eager to find stronger growth than Europe can offer .
There have been 397 European takeovers of U.S. companies, worth nearly $156 billion, so far this year. That's up from 339 deals worth $25.6 billion in the same period of 2013.
Of this year's deals, 55 were by German firms, up from 42 in 2013.
The figures include the Siemens/Dresser-Rand deal, but not the Merck/Sigma-Aldrich deal.
First Published: September 22, 2014: 9:08 AM ET
Most Popular

DSW to pay $900 000 over age discrimination accusationsDSW to pay $900,000 over age discrimination accusations
By Ellen Jean Hirst, Tribune reporter
DSW settles age discrimination suit with EEOC for $900,000.
DSW accused of firing employees based on age. Company denies, but settles.
Shoe retailer DSW Inc. has agreed to pay $900,000 to settle an age discrimination lawsuit brought by the Chicago District Office of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission that accused the company of unfairly firing older workers.
Ok, who the heck are they?
rodp236
1
The EEOC had charged Columbus, Ohio-based DSW with unfairly firing employees and managers over the age of 40 during a "reduction in force." The EEOC, the government agency charged with enforcing discrimination laws, said DSW fired older employees because of their age and retaliated against employees who refused to fire other workers based on their age. DSW has about 10,000 employees nationwide.
The plaintiffs in the case, filed in federal court Sept. 15 and settled Friday, included seven former managers and about 100 other former employees, an attorney said.
In addition to disbursing $900,000 to the former employees, DSW must report to the EEOC for the next three years regarding any employee complaints of age discrimination and revise its anti-discrimination policy.
Charges filed with the EEOC under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act have increased about 36 percent since 1997, from 15,785 to 21,396. Supervisory trial attorney Diane Smason said a spike in 2008 – to 24,582 – was likely due to the recession when many companies were forced to downsize, a common guise for age discrimination, she said.
“We see this often where it’s easy for employers to use a need for a reduction in force and financial problems as an easy excuse to let go of older workers,” Smason said. “We think that’s what happened here at DSW.”
DSW issued a statement “unequivocally” denying that it discriminated based on age. The allegations focus on events from 2008 and 2009, the statement said.
“Those difficult decisions were driven by economic volatility and were in no way influenced by the age of associates,” the company said. “Our decision to settle this case mitigates the costs associated with a lengthy legal proceeding and is in the best interest of our associates and shareholders.” 
ehirst@tribune.com

Chrysler recalls more than 230 000 SUVsChrysler recalls more than 230,000 SUVs
By Melvin Backman   @CNNMoney September 22, 2014: 12:31 PM ET
Chrysler says a problem fuel pump is causing 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokees and Dodge Durangos to stall.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Chrysler is recalling more than 230,000 Dodge Durangos and Jeep Grand Cherokees worldwide due to a faulty fuel pump that could cause engines to stall.
The problem, which Chrysler said affects 2011 vehicles, could also prevent them from starting. It stems from electronic circuitry that also helps to control the cars' airbags and other functions. Those features weren't affected, the automaker said Friday.
Chrysler said the problem, which showed up as a pattern in repairs, hasn't caused any known injuries or deaths so far.
Chrysler says it will advise customers about when they can schedule service. The automaker is footing the bill to fix the 189,000 affected SUVs in the U.S. 16,000 in Canada, 7,000 in Mexico and 19,000 elsewhere.
 
First Published: September 22, 2014: 12:31 PM ET
Most Popular
Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

US Stocks Drop as China Weighs on MarketsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

GM recalls new model Cadillac XTS and Chevy Impala over parking brake fire riskGM recalls new model Cadillac XTS and Chevy Impala over parking brake fire risk
2014 Cadillac XTS Vsport Twin Turbo V6
Richard Prince/ Cadillac photo
The XTS starts at $45,525 including a $925 destination charge, but the sticker price of the all-wheel-drive XTS Vsport Platinum in the Cars.com test was $70,020.
The XTS starts at $45,525 including a $925 destination charge, but the sticker price of the all-wheel-drive XTS Vsport Platinum in the Cars.com test was $70,020. (Richard Prince/ Cadillac photo)
Reuters
Automotive Industry Product Recalls General Motors National Highway Traffic Safety Administration Cadillac Chevrolet
GM recalls new model Cadillac XTS and Chevy Impala for fire risk.
General Motors Co is recalling hundreds of thousands of cars over a defect in the parking brake that could cause a fire, a letter by the top U.S. auto safety regulator showed.

Rockefellers dumping oil to make statementRockefellers dumping oil to make statement
By: Matt Krantz September 22, 2014 11:58 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AFP/Getty
A group of philanthropies, including one backed by the oil tycoon Rockefeller family, pledged to sell off $50 billion in investments connected with fossil fuels.
The so-called Global Divest-Invest group is announcing plans to cut its investment in oil and other fuels as a statement about how their use is contributing to rising temperatures on Earth.
The most notable member of the group is the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, managed by Stephen Heintz, and heir to the family fortune. Heintz says that John D. Rockefeller himself would have agreed with the move. “We are quite convinced that if he were alive today, as an astute businessman looking to the future, he would be moving out of fossil fuels and investing in clean, renewable energy,” Heintz said in a statement.
This move is just the latest among philanthropies and public funds to determine if investing in fossil fuels is appropriate giving questions on the warming planet. These moves come just before leaders of more than 100 countries plan to discuss global warming at a United Nations meeting.
But the timing also comes after a long-period of underperformance of oil prices. the Barclay Bank iPath (OIL) exchange-traded notes that track the performance of oil is down 52% since August 2006. During that time, stocks measured by the Standard & Poor’s 500 is up 54%.
Chart source: MSN Money
Diversified oil stocks, that belong to the Energy Select SPDR exchange-traded fund (XLE) have done better long term. The energy ETF is up 169% over the past 10 years, topping the S&P 500. Much of those gains, though, have been due to rising dividends and buybacks afforded by the companies’ massive piles of cash.
Chart source: MSN Money
But more recently, even diversified energy companies have fallen short of the market. The past five years, the energy ETF is up 75%, well below the 92.5% gain by the S&P 500.
Chart source: MSN Money

ABrain-wave test may diagnose autism more accurately  and earlierBy Abby Phillip September 22 Follow @abbydphillip
A person poses with an electro-encephalography (EEG) cap, which measures brain activity, at the Technische Universitaet Muenchen near Munich. Autism researchers found promising signs that an EEG can be used to detect symptoms of autism in children and adolescents. (Michaela Rehle/Reuters)
The brains of children and adolescents with severe autism react differently to certain audio-visual stimuli than children and adolescents without autism, according to a new study. The findings have the potential to lead to a more objective and accurate diagnostic tools for the disorder.
The study, which was conducted by researchers at Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University, found that a brain wave test shows promising signs of being an accurate biomarker for autism. The results were published in the  Journal of Autism and Developmental Disabilities on Monday.
"Ultimately, we're on the road to developing measures of brain activity that will help to diagnose or recognize autism," said Sophie Molholm, the study's co-author and associate professor of pediatrics and neuroscience at Albert Einstein College of Medicine. "A major goal of autism research is to develop these kind so measure so we can diagnose this disorder as quickly as possible.
"As well as trying to say something about what are the strengths and weaknesses of these people, you want to be able to identify them at that stage so that you can begin early intervention."
The number of U.S. children with autism has surged to 1 in 68 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in March. Just two years ago, the CDC estimated that 1 child in 88 suffered from the disorder.
Currently, children who are diagnosed with autism undergo extensive evaluation by doctors and specialists who are experts at identifying the signs. Autistic symptoms can be present in children as young as 6 months , but particularly at the younger ages, those symptoms can sometimes be hard to distinguish from other conditions.
Add to that the fact that symptoms of autism can vary dramatically from patient to patient, and the subjective nature of the diagnostic tools currently available to clinicians leave plenty room for error.
The current "gold standard" of autism diagnostics for researchers includes collecting an extensive developmental history from parents, as well sessions with a doctor who can directly observe the child's actions. They look for things like repetitive behavior, having a restricted interest in a single topic or subject, as well as impaired social communication.
Among the symptoms that have long been associated with the disorder: children with autism often respond unusually to things that stimulate the senses, like sight and sound.
Molholm and her team hypothesized that if the unusual sensory perception of autistic children could be observed through brain wave activity, it could prove to be a useful — and accurate — tool for diagnosing the disorder.
To test the theory, Molholm enlisted a group of 43 children and adolescents between the ages 6 and 17 with autism. They were asked to press a button every time they observed either an image (a red circle), a tone or both an image and a tone simultaneously.
While the participants completed the task, researchers observed and recorded their brain activity using an electro-encephalography test.
Each participant had an electro-cap placed on their heads with more than 70 sensors that function almost like a microphone for the brain, allowing researchers to see and record information about how quickly information was processed and where in the brain that processing occurred.
The children and adolescents in the study who had been diagnosed with the most severe autism symptoms were generally more impaired when it came to social communication and repetitive and limited interest behaviors.
Researchers found that the participants with more severe autism responded more slowly to auditory stimuli. To a lesser but still significant extent, they also responded more slowly to audio-visual stimuli, which requires the brain to process things like sight and sound simultaneously.
Molholm said that the results suggest that the same kinds of brain activity observed in older children can potentially be observed in younger children. The tests also suggest that commonly observed autism symptoms can be accurately identified through biomedical markers.
"One of the things that one would hope is that you can take measures of brain activity that we find to be associated with these certain clinical symptom and apply them at very early developmental stages and determine if it is likely that this person will go on to develop autism, for example," Molholm said. "Or we can better understand what their strengths and weakness are so we know what to target [with treatment]."

Leader-as-Decision-Maker: Decisions Matterreddit
I'm often brought into a company to help them solve a problem. The problem might have to do with strategic planning, research and development, or entry into a new market. I'm no expert in any of these areas, but what I am pretty good at is helping companies understand and go through the best possible process for making decisions.
The first thing I say is that this process isn't about solving problems; it's about decision-making. When we think about typical problem-solving, it involves a series of steps.
Identifying the problem... which involves making a decision on what the problem is.
Finding a solution... which means making a decision on what will solve the problem.
Implementing a solution... which means making a decision on how to put the plan into action.
Therefore, when we talk about "problem-solving," what we really mean is "decision-making."
The Importance of Decision-Making
Is there any more crucial capability for a business leader or team to have than effective decision-making? Are there ever any easy decisions (certainly not important ones)? The fact is that, of all the experience, knowledge, and skill sets that you bring to your company, the most valuable is the ability to make sound decisions.
Why? The decisions that you make determine the direction that your company goes and, ultimately, its success or failure. So why do you make good or poor decisions? And what is your 'hit" and "miss" rate for decisions? It's quite simple: As decisions go, so goes a company.
What Is Decision-Making?
We've now established the importance of decision-making in a business. And, presumably, we all know at an intuitive level what decision-making is. But I believe that the best decision-making occurs at a conscious and deliberate level. And to bring this process to consciousness, and to ensure a shared understanding, let me tell you how I think of decision-making.
Most basically, it is the process of making a choice among available alternatives. Decision-making involves weighing the benefits and costs of competing alternatives. Many decisions aren't decisions at all because they are self-evident; one option has demonstrably greater benefits and fewer costs than others. What makes decision-making so difficult is when those available alternatives have a fairly equal number of costs and benefits or it's difficult to weigh their importance.
Another challenge of decision-making is that you are required to attempt to predict the future outcome of each alternative. The problem here is that people are notoriously bad at gazing into our crystal balls and making accurate predictions (think Iraq War, the Great Recession).
The bottom line of decision-making involves determining which potential decision will offer the best possible outcome based on what we know now. That decision then catalyzes a course of action that, over time, will illuminate whether the decision was, in retrospect, a good one.
Avoid Pitfalls
One of the best ways to increase the chances that you will make a bad decision is to identify and minimize the pitfalls that are common when one or more people are confronted with an important decision.
Get the right people involved. Too often, important decisions are made by one person or a small and homogeneous group of people. They look through the same lens that ensures a particular decision. Or, there is insufficient knowledge, experience, or wisdom to make a sound decision. Or, the decision makers have a specific bias toward one alternative, guaranteeing its selection despite it not necessarily being the best option.
You can circumvent this pitfall by including people with diverse perspectives, different knowledge bases and skill sets, and who can fulfill different roles (e.g., devil's advocate, consensus builder, BS monitor). These people will ensure that the decision is examined from every possible angle, thus increasing the chances of a good decision being made.
Collect all relevant information. Another pitfall of decision-making involves a lack of key information that can result in rendering the best decision. Important information can be missed for several reasons. First, one of the decision makers has already, in their mind, made the decision and excludes information that contradicts that predetermined decision. Second, there is no one involved in the decision with the knowledge or experience to provide that information (see Get the Right People Involved above). Third, the questions being asked are either incorrect or lack the depth or breadth that would ensure the need for essential information to be brought to light. Fourth, time pressures to make the decision may preclude necessary information from being thrown into the mix.
A dearth of information can be mitigated by having the right people involved, looking at the decision from many different angles, and asking the right questions.
Don't decide too quickly. A rush to a decision can cause you to make a decision before it's ready to be made. Also, what appears to be an easy decision can also cause a premature conclusion to the decision-making discussion when further exploration may uncover important perspectives and information that would result in a different and potentially better decision.
Important decisions are best not made in haste. Rather, they emerge when allowed to percolate within individuals and among a group. Give yourself time, both in active discussion and quiet contemplation, to allow the best decision to arise naturally.
Be realistic. A key part of the decision-making process involves NOT looking at the decision through 'rose-colored glasses,' in other words, to see it for what it is, not for what you would like it to be. There are a number of cognitive biases that cause us to be unrealistic in how we perceive, interpret, evaluate, and, ultimately, make decisions.
As part of your decision-making calculus, you should consciously separate your wishful thinking from your critical thinking. Also, look at the worst-case scenarios of each alternative and weigh their likelihood. The more grounded you can be in what is realistic, the better chance you have of making a decision that actually plays nice with reality.
Evaluate the process. A mistake that many individuals and companies make is, once a decision is made, to put it behind them. Yes, as the well-known quote goes, "Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it."
An essential part of the decision-making process is to circle back after the decision has been made and new information about its efficacy is available. With the benefit of hindsight, you can do a 'forensic analysis' and determine what you did well and what you missed in your recent decision. You can then use the lessons learned from this evaluation to improve decision-making in the future.
Ultimately, there is no way to be sure that the so-called right decision has been made before it has been made and acted on. All you can do is ensure that the process of decision-making is deliberately and painstakingly executed. That doesn't guarantee the best decision, but it sure makes it a lot more likely.
Follow Dr. Jim Taylor on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DrJimTaylor
More:

India and US may ink deal on foreign account tax complianceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coal import rush by firms leads to port congestionPrint
Reuters | Bhubneshwar | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:39 am
Power and steel firms are importing shiploads of coal due to a severe shortage at home, leading to heavy congestion in one of the country’s busiest ports that now has twice the number of vessels waiting than its available berths.
The over-crowding at Paradip port in Orissa could derail India’s efforts to prevent a shutdown of more than half of its power plants which are running on stocks of less than a week in the worst deficit since a massive blackout in 2012.
While power and coal minister Piyush Goyal has urged power firms to bring more coal into India, the country’s ports are finding it difficult to deal with the swelling traffic. “We’re 100 per cent housefull,” said GP Biswal, deputy conservator of Paradip port.
“We’re not able to cope with the sudden increase in traffic.” Half of the 27 stranded ships at Paradip are carrying up to 90,000 tonnes of coal each and it takes up to six days to offload a ship once it is berthed. Biswal said rains in the eastern part of the country over the past few days have hampered operations but there could be an improvement in a week.
Some of the ships are to deliver coal for top power and steel firms like Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, Steel Authority of India Ltd, GMR Energy, Tata Group and the Adani Group.
Congestion was higher-than-usual at some other ports too, said Prakash Duvvuri, research head at research firm OreTeam. Total coal traffic across all ports, including shipments within the country, rose 12 per cent in August from a year ago.

Bring back exams  more weight on learning  teachersDuring Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje’s “sarkar apke dwar” programme, parents suggested that a complete ban on exams till Class 8 was not in the best interest of the child.
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:37 am
The Rajasthan government is planning two significant amendments to the Right to Education (RTE) Act: reintroducing exams in at least three classes from Class I to 8, and giving more weightage to “learning outcomes” than to physical infrastructure of schools while deciding on their recognition or registration.
A senior Rajasthan government official told The Indian Express that during Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje’s “sarkar apke dwar” programme, parents suggested that a complete ban on exams till Class 8 was not in the best interest of the child. “A child must acquire class-appropriate learning skills, and not just be present in a brick-and-mortar classroom,” the official said. Accordingly, the state is considering evaluations in Classes 3, 5 and 8.
The second important amendment relates to focusing more on “learning outcomes” of schools than on hardware such as school buildings, playgrounds etc. Here, the Rajasthan government has taken note of the closure of a large number of private schools in several other states because they could not manage the RTE-mandated physical infrastructure requirement.
The National Independent Schools Alliance (NISA), an association of budget private schools, estimates that 4,331 schools have shut down, affecting about 8.66 lakh students, and another 15,083 schools were facing threat of closure as on March 18, 2014. The Centre for Civil Society, on the other hand, estimates that at least 34.94 lakh children have been affected with 19,414 schools across 17 states having been closed or issued notice for closure for not fulfilling the norms related to infrastructure and teacher salaries.
“We are confusing ‘building schools’ with school buildings. The state plans to restrict the weightage on infrastructure and other inputs to 30 per cent or less, and instead focus on absolute, relative (compared with previous year) and scholastic learning outcomes,” the state government official said.
These are not the only two changes the Rajasthan government is considering. It is planning to allow teachers to conduct tuitions after school hours to boost their incomes, and also let private school managements decide teachers’ salaries instead of taking directions from the government on the issue.
It also plans to hand over education vouchers to parents, instead of the government paying the schools directly, so that the child does not get shamed by schools if the payment from the state does not reach in time. The state will also make government schools as accountable as their private counterparts to ensure equality.
Significantly, realising the aspiration levels of the poor, the state plans to do away with the “neighbourhood” criteria while admitting poor children in private schools. This will help the brighter children among the poor join the best private schools, even if continued…

NTPC officials get clean chit in elephant electrocution casePrint
Written by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:36 am
The Jharkhand forest department has given a clean chit to state-run power producer NTPC’s officials three years after it filed a FIR holding them directly responsible for electrocution of three elephants in the Khunti district.
NTPC’s subsidiary, NESCL was mandated to set up overhead high voltage transmission lines under the Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY) in 2011 jointly with the Jharkhand State Electricity Board. On the night of September 2, three wild pachyderms descended from the nearby hills and entered Torpa block and one of them dashed into a pole. It fell on all three, electrocuting them.
After an inquiry, the state forest department filed a case under relevant provisions of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972 against the PSU’s three NESCL officials. The case is being currently being heard by the Khunti district court. On June 21 this year, the district’s top forest official wrote to the additional public prosecutor (Forest) that the accused NTPC officials have represented to him that neither did they intend to harm the elephants nor can they be held responsible for their deaths as the erected poles “were of standard specification and verified by competent agency.”
After an inspection it was found that the works being executed under the RGGVY were as per the standard procedures and “ground was maintained that such incident may not occur under normal condition,’ the official told the public prosecutor.
“This unfortunate incident probably occurred for reasons on which the officer had not control as the live conductor fell on the elephants electrocuting them,” the forest department official concluded in his letter.

Probing ex-FMs role in Aircel-Maxis dealPrint
Written by Kaunain Sherrif | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:34 am
The CBI on Monday told the special court that FIPB nod given by former finance minister P Chidambaram in connection with the Aircel-Maxis deal is ‘under investigation’.
The central agency told the special court that it is investigating ‘two issues’ —one, the FIPB approval given by the P Chidambaram to the foreign investment made by the Global Communications Services Holdings Ltd in Aircel in 2006 and secondly — the acquisition of equity by the Indian partner of Maxis Sindhya Securities and Investments Pvt Ltd in Aircel.
“Your query was on FIPB approval. We are showing documents which show the power of the then finance minister,” the CBI said. “Power was vested in the then finance minister to give FIPB approval of up to Rs 600 crore. For investments of over Rs 600 crore, CCEA was competent to give approval. This under investigation and we have not concluded the probe on this aspect yet,” it added.
The CBI said to the court that face value of the share was applied for acquiring the equity in Aircel and further investigation was required in this matter.
The special court also questioned the role of the role of Kaveri Maran, wife of Kalanithi Maran who has been charge sheeted by the CBI in the case.
The agency said that although she was holding 82 per cent share in accused firm Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd but as per the documents, every decision was taken by her husband.
“Documents do not reveal about her role directly. If the court gives us further directions, we will certainly investigate this aspect,” the CBI said.

Three independent directors removed from ONGC boardPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:33 am
Following a string of resignations and removal of independent directors appointed during the UPA-II government’s tenure from various public sector enterprises, three independent directors of ONGC were removed from the board while two directors of SAIL resigned ahead of the firm’s annual general meeting scheduled on Tuesday.
The latest round of resignations takes the total count of removals over last four weeks to at least 23. ONGC, in a statement filed with the Bombay Stock Exchange on Monday, said, “P Umashankar, S Ravi and RK Singh have ceased to be independent directors on the board of the company on September 19, 2014, i.e. the date of 21st annual general meeting of the company.”
While SAIL’s 42nd AGM is scheduled to be held on Tuesday, the company on Monday informed the stock exchanges that two of its directors submitted their resignations on Friday. “Parminder Hira Mathur and NC Jha, independent directors of the company have submitted their resignation from the board of the company w.e.f. September 19, 2014.”
Of the three directors of ONGC who were removed, P Umashankar is a former bureaucrat whereas RK Singh is a retired government official and S Ravi, a practicing chartered accountant. Singh was appointed on the board on May 23, 2014, by the previous government whereas the other two were appointed on November 29, 2013.
In case of ONGC, as the company did not move a resolution seeking confirmation of their appointments, the three ceased to be directors on the company board. Earlier, Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), too, had not moved any resolution for confirmation of appointments of K Jairaj, Nesar Ahmad, Sunil Krishna and Sayan Chatterjee at its AGM on August 27. In case of SAIL, the two independent directors, who resigned on Friday, were appointed by the previous government on February 20, 2014. While Mathur is a retired bureaucrat, Jha is former CIL chairman. The removal of directors of ONGC and SAIL follows the resignations of four independent directors of IOC, six of Coal India Limited, two of Engineers India, one of HPCL and all five independent directors of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals.
Earlier in August, The Indian Express had reported that in a meeting headed by the additional principal secretary it was decided to cancel previous selections through a directive so that the Appointments Committee of Cabinet (ACC) which consists of the Prime Minister and the home minister could quickly approve fresh names for appointments by September-end. NDA’s earlier strategy was that past selections should not be ratified by shareholders in the AGM so that the selected persons would have to discontinue.

Clicking till the last breathUpdated: September 23, 2014 08:29 IST
Clicking till the last breath
Zahid Rafiq
Special Arrangement Photojournalist Shafat Sidiq, who lost his life in Kashmir floods.
TOPICS
flood
Body of Shafat Sidiq, a photojournalist for Dainik Jagran who had gone to shoot floodwaters making their way into Lal Chowk with two cameras was found by local rescuers.
Shafat Sidiq’s house in the old city was miraculously spared by the floods that submerged more than half of Srinagar. A man terrified of water, Sidiq ventured out to take pictures and show them to the outside world. A photojournalist for Dainik Jagran, Sidiq went to shoot floodwaters making their way into Lal Chowk with two cameras. Five days later, when local rescuers found his bloated body, the cameras were still slung around his neck. On September 7, the day the floods submerged Srinagar, Sidiq filed no pictures for the newspaper but he had captured some in his camera and phone.
“He did not want to go out that day; there was water everywhere. He told his office early in the morning that he had a family and going out was a huge risk. I heard him say that there was no way to go out except in a chopper,” Sidiq’s wife, Yasmin told The Hindu. “But then he kept pacing across the corridor, speaking with someone on the phone talking about taking the picture of the clock tower [in Lal Chowk],” she said.
Sidiq left home on September 7, at 10.30 a.m. and told his family that he would return within an hour and take them to a safer place if the floodwaters reached their house. They kept waiting for him while the floodwaters drew near.
“At 6 p.m., I lost patience and I told everyone that something was wrong. The phones were not working and somehow we all knew something was wrong with him. We went to the Zaina Kadal police station and they said their SHO was missing and their wireless was not working,” said Saleema Bano, Sidiq’s mother.
The next day, they themselves went out to look for him through the submerged city on makeshift rafts.
“I only looked for photographers and asked everyone if they saw my son. Someone said he heard Sidiq was at the airport, someone said he was on the third floor of a newspaper office, someone said all the journalists had been taken to the Governor House. We kept looking for him everywhere,” said Bano.

Baltimore Ravens Owner Holds News ConferenceSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Severe Storms and Heavy Rain Moving Across the...
EXPLORE.ORG: Penguin Underwater Swim Camera
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Wall Street ends lower on housing dataWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

ICICI Bank Says 5 Per Cent Transactions Done via Mobile PhoneICICI Bank Says 5 Per Cent Transactions Done via Mobile Phone
UPDATE 7-Oil prices fall on sluggish demand  ample supplyUPDATE 7-Oil prices fall on sluggish demand  ample supply
Kenya marks anniversary of Nairobi s Westgate mall attackE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Scottish vote awakens Brexit fearsScottish vote awakens Brexit fears for fund chiefs
By Madison Marriage and Chris Newlands
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1475c594-401e-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hedge funds have lost that lovin feelingInvestors lose that lovin’ feeling for hedge funds
By David Oakley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fad8fe2c-3fef-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Regulators get tough on financial crimeRegulators adopt draconian approach to financial crime
By Madison Marriage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77b7bee8-3f3b-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Editorial: Conservatism paysE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Columns: Markets rose-tinted worldE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Columns: IPR policy must drive innovationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Scotland: Devolution DevilE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Alibaba makes history with its IPO  the biggest in history  and surges 38%Share via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Alibaba makes history
Sep 20, 2014 : Alibaba launches the biggest initial public offering in history and shares surge after pricing at $68, reaching a high of $99.70. Nicole Bullock, US equities correspondent, discusses the stakes with Michael Mackenzie, US markets editor.

Guest post: the Pacific Alliance is Latin American collaboration at its bestSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Modi tackles Indias Licence Raj with a thousand cutsModi tackles India’s ‘Licence Raj’ with a thousand cuts
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
Making life easier for companies should attract investment
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5badad82-3ff6-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama tries Reagan touch on economy  but wages weighE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Philanthropies  including Rockefellers  and investors pledge $50bln fossil fuel divestmentE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sterlite Technologies to offer FTTH; stock rallies 5%You are here: Home > Collections > Broadband
Sterlite Technologies rallies 5% as it plans to offer FTTH along with mobile operators
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 22, 2014, 09.50AM IST
Tags:
Anand Agarwal
("Large mobile telcos are…)
NEW DELHI: Sterlite Technologies Ltd rallied as much as 4.95 per cent in trade on Monday after media reports suggested that the Vedanta Group company is finalising the 'proof of concept' of a close variant of the 'Google Fibre' project to transform the urban home broadband experience in India's top 20 cities and, in turn, boost high-speed internet penetration .
At 09:40 a.m.; Sterlite Technologies was trading 4.95 per cent higher at Rs 68.95. It hit a low of Rs 67.10 and a high of Rs 68.95 in trade today.
"Large mobile telcos are gearing up to launch these services by 2016 as demand for high end applications rises," Kim Eng India said in a report.
"This is a long term positive for SOTL. We maintain BUY on the stock with a target price of Rs 84 based on sum-of-the-parts," added the report.
"We will shortly showcase our FTTH broadband technology blueprint to Bharti Airtel and Tata Teleservices to line up the first wave of partnerships," Sterlite Technologies CEO Anand Agarwal told ET.
The company is initially looking to hook up a million homes by 2016 across Mumbai, Delhi, Pune, Ahmedabad, Bangalore and Chennai.
Elaborating on Sterlite's fibre broadband model , Agarwal said the company would deliver last mile broadband connectivity to an urban home by plugging its FTTH network to the nearest point of interconnect (PoI) of a partner mobile operator, which could be an exchange or base station.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Expect economy to record 5.5% growth this fiscal: DK Joshi  CrisilCrisil
In an interview with ET Now, DK Joshi , Director & Chief Economist, Crisil , shares his macroeconomic outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: For the moment, it appears that Indian macros have topped out and things are looking favourable.
DK Joshi: Yes, they do look favourable. The biggest advantage is from the lower oil prices, because oil benefits us from the fiscal, inflation and current account deficit point of view. Since India is one of the most vulnerable economies in the Asia Pacific region as far as oil is concerned, we are bound to benefit the most when oil prices come down. This benefit will be visible this year and it actually will reduce the cost of production for those industries which use oil as a primary input.
Therefore, yes, things are improving on an overall basis. The initial hit from the monsoon has somewhat faded after the rains picked up. Though there will be damage to agriculture in the kharif season, but the rabi looks good, since soil moisture is good and the reservoir levels are almost at 104% of their 10-year averages. However, the GDP pick up will not be very swift and will be mild. We expect the economy to log around 5.5% growth this fiscal.
Mythili Bhusnurmath: What, according to you, is the considerable time for the US Fed to start hiking rates?
DK Joshi: The US Fed has clearly stated that their actions will not be calendar-driven but be data-driven. So, the US economy data is turning positive, but we have seen it throw surprises over the last couple of months. I would wait for data to pan out, which will then decide the Fed's future course. However, as of now, it looks like the tapering will end by October and the consensus seems to be emerging that by the middle of next year or may be a little after that, we could see interest rate hikes. However, as I said, it will all depend on the strength of the data.
The world economy is improving, but there still seem to be worries emerging, particularly the fear of triple dip recession in Europe, which would require aggressive monetary easing. The Asian economies, particularly China, might manage to scrape through with 7.5% growth this year.
Mythili Bhusnurmath: Amongst the emerging markets, it is India and the Philippines that seem to be best placed to deal with a reversal of flows triggered by the US Fed rate hike . Would you agree with that assessment?
DK Joshi: I tend to agree, since India's vulnerability is quite low right now, especially, with the current deficit, as a percentage of GDP, being within control and which only stands to benefit further from the softer commodity and oil prices. Moreover, the domestic macros have improved and the sentiment is quite strong as far as India is concerned. We have received huge amount of capital inflows this year, compared to the last year, and the economy is beginning to, slowly but steadily, pick up. Therefore, pull factors have improved and our vulnerability has reduced. Hence, we will withstand the crisis much better than the last year - when the rupee plunged to dismal lows.
Mythili Bhusnurmath: Are you hearing any rumblings in the market about the RBI's interest rate policy and if so, what kind of action do you expect?
DK Joshi: Inflation still remains a worry. Though WPI has come down to a five-year low, but the CPI, which is a preferred gauge for RBI, is close to 8%, while their target for next year is 6%. Hence, the RBI will continue to remain vigilant and I do not see any interest rate cut this year.
Mythili Bhusnurmath: What is your assessment of the G20 meet?
DK Joshi: The countries there are raising pertinent issues and the raising of GDP by 2% by 2018 is a tall order, given the state of the world economy. They also admit that this growth is required if you want to generate enough jobs in the western part of the world or throughout the world and it is a stiff target to meet. A lot will depend on the financial conditions, and the steps taken by the European economies to revive their economies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 5 hidden gems that can return upto 63% in next 12mthsYou are here: Home > Collections > Mothercare
Top five 'hidden gems' which can give upto 63% return in next 12 months
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 22, 2014, 05.01PM IST
Tags:
BSE sensex
(The index is now close to…)
NEW DELHI: With the US Federal Reserve uncertainty out of the way, the Indian markets are well placed to surpass their previous record highs on both the Sensex and the Nifty in the next few trading sessions.
Both the Sensex and the Nifty touched their respect record highs on September 8, 2014. The S&P BSE Sensex' record high is placed at 27354.99 and the life high of the 50-share Nifty index is placed at 8180.20.
Fresh buying and a bout of short-coverings helped the Nifty cross the 8,100 mark this week. The index is now close to its all-time high and the momentum suggests that the Nifty will soon hit a fresh high.
Fitch Ratings on Monday also said that US Fed interest rate hike - which could be expected by mid-2015 - will not cause a major disruption in emerging markets (EMs), including India. According to Fitch, India's credit profile is much stronger than other EM peers.
According to experts, valuations of the Indian markets are still not very high. Nifty P/E is at 16, which is substantially lower than its high of 25.
"Since May, I have stood by my forecast of the Sensex hitting 30,000 by the year of 2014. We can expect some slowdown in the markets in the first quarter of 2015 as FII inflows come to a standstill and the US raises its Federal Funds rate," said Raghu Kumar, Cofounder of RKSV.
"I would expect a quarterly growth of 3-5 per cent, which would pin the Sensex at around 31,500 by the end of March and 35,000 at the end of the 2015," he added.
We have collated a list of five less-known stocks where brokerages have initiated coverage in the month of September. These stocks have the potential to deliver up to 63 per cent return in the next 12-18 months:
Kitex Garments: Target Price set at Rs 615
Motilal Oswal has initiated coverage on the Kochi-based stock with a 'buy' recommendation. The stock has already rallied nearly 500 per cent so far in the year 2014.
The company is in the business of manufacturing and exporting infant garments. It derives 85 per cent of its revenue from the sale of infant garments and the balance 15 per cent from the sale of fabric to Kitex Childrenwear.
KTG is in the process of adding some large clients in FY15 apart from deepening business with existing clients like Gerber, Toys R Us, Jockey, Mothercare and Carter's.
"Going forward, KTG intends to improve its revenue mix in favor of high margin clients like Toys R Us, Jockey and Mothercare, who procure high value-added products which will drive continued margin improvement," the report said.
"We expect KTG to post a 24.6 per cent revenue CAGR coupled with a 700bp margin expansion over FY14-FY17E. Hence, we expect PAT to post 40 per cent CAGR over FY14-17E. With 60 per cent capacity utilization currently, we expect ramp-up of existing capacities and minimal expansion capex," the report said.
"Given strong balance sheet and significant free cash flows, RoCE and RoE should improve from 37 per cent and 39 per cent, respectively, to 58 per cent and 39 per cent over FY14-17E," the report added.
 
Pennar Industries Ltd: Target price set at Rs 81
Midcap steel company Pennar Industries is in a strong bull run. The stock has surged over 140 per cent so far in the year 2014 and the rally is set to continue as the economic activity picks up, say analysts.
IndiaNivesh sees immense potential in the stock in the next 12 months. They value the stock at a conservative PE multiple of 10x to FY16E EPS (Rs. 8.1), which gives the target price of Rs 81.
Steel products business is expected to grow to more than Rs 450 crore in FY15. The company is expecting double-digit growth in the railways business in FY15. As of now, the railways business has an order book of Rs 120 crore.
All verticals of the company are generating positive cash flows and the management is confident of increasing cash profits in FY15 vs the previous fiscal.
According to the brokerage, corporate action by the company on getting subsidiary (PEBS) separately listed on exchanges could be the additional trigger. Pennar Industries is trading at P/E multiple of 8.8x FY15E and 5.9x FY16E earnings estimate, which is well below 14.3x - three-year historical average.
"Average ROE for the company in the past three years has been 12.9 per cent. In FY15E and FY16E, the ROE of the company is likely to improve to 16.4 per cent and 20.3 per cent respectively on the back of increased capacity utilization and margin expansion," the report said.
Century Plyboard: Target price set at Rs 156
Century Plyboard (CPBI) is India's leading plywood producer with the highest volume and revenue. CPBI and Greenply dominate the organised plywood market with a combined 50% market share. CPBI commands 5 per cent premium over its nearest brand and 20% premium over products of unorganised companies.
IIFL initiated coverage on Century Plyboard (CPBI) with a buy recommendation and one-year target of Rs156. They expect CPBI to record 40 per cent earnings CAGR over FY14-FY17.

PMJDY A/c can be opened by just submitting ...AADHAAR
(It also said the existing…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Ministry today said people who do not have officially valid documents or Aadhaar numbers can open Jan Dhan bank accounts by submitting two copies of signed photographs at a bank branch.
"RBI has issued guidelines dated August 26, 2014, where people who do not have officially valid documents or Aadhaar numbers can still get bank accounts opened by submitting two copies of signed photographs at the bank branch," an official statement said.
However, it said these accounts will be called small accounts and shall normally be valid for 12 months and shall be continued subject to showing of proof that he/she has applied for any of the officially valid document within 12 months of opening of such 'Small Account'.
These accounts have certain limitations such as balance at any point of time should not exceed Rs 50,000, total credit in one year should not exceed Rs 1 lakh, and total withdrawal should not exceed Rs 10,000 in a month, it said.
It also said the existing account holder need not open another bank account to avail of benefits under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY).
As on date 4.18 crore accounts have been opened under PMJDY.
"In fact insurance benefits are available through the RuPay Card. The existing account holders can submit an application to the concerned branch to enable them to get a RuPay Debit Card in order to avail of the benefits of insurance under PMJDY," it said.
Micro credit limit of Rs 5,000 can also be extended in existing bank accounts on application depending on the satisfactory conduct of the account, it said.
The statement said that there had been complaints from some places about the availability of the account opening forms due to huge rush and certain people taking advantage of such situation.
In view of this, an advertisement has been issued in all major newspapers where the account opening form has been published, it said.
Anybody desirous of opening an account can come and take this application form to the nearest bank branch/bank mitr for opening the account, it said.
This one page account opening form is also available on the website of the Department www.financialservices.gov.in, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

4 Tips for Female Executives As They Climb the Corporate Ladderreddit
The path to the C-suite exists for both men and women. It's just that for women the path can often feel like a mess of potholes, detours, poor signage, downed trees and tolls.
Women frequently do not have the same level of support or development opportunities that men enjoy -- because they lack peers and mentors. Here are some tips I share with the female executives I coach, as they climb the corporate ladder.
1. Foster Social Relationships
The golf course is where the real work gets done. Fortunately, that's a barrier many women have broken. More women are playing golf for enjoyment -- but also knowing that if they don't, they miss out on important business.
Informal connections and conversations are critical in advancement, and golf's social nature is one way to facilitate these interactions and foster these relationships. Beyond golf, female executives should participate in any social activities related to their industry so they can reap the benefits of these informal business events too.
2. Be Assertive and Powerful In Interactions
Being self-confident, assured and, when necessary, forceful in their interactions doesn't mean becoming masculine. However, the definition of "feminine" power in the workplace is still a moving target.
With coaching, struggling female executives can learn to find the win and be assertive without feeling masculine -- but it can take practice to develop or demonstrate these skills.
3. Own Your Work-Life Balance
No one can determine someone else's work-life balance, yet judgment on this topic is an obstacle that women continue to face. They are expected to be the ones who care for their families, and quite often, they are. But they may also be the breadwinner in a home with a stay-at-home Dad, employ a child-care worker, rely on a friend or parent, or not have children at all. The possibilities today for women are endless. The bottom line is that women - and men - have to decide on the work-life balance that works for their individual situations and own it unapologetically.
4. Seek Out Places Where Women Are Valued
Many business-related groups are dominated by men, and peer-to-peer groups like Vistage are no different. Many such groups, however, are actively working to recruit more female members. This diversity of thought is critical to every organization. Seeking opportunities like this can help women advance in their careers, but it also helps men discover, explore, and appreciate divergent thinking.
Equal footing in the workplace is an important goal because women bring so much to the table -- skills, competencies, ideas, expertise, and not the least important, the experiences they've had rising through the ranks, which differs so significantly from men. Having that voice at the table is critical to the success of organizations.
Mike Harden is an executive coach based in the DC area, serving Washington, Northern Virginia and Maryland. Contact him today to learn more.
Follow Mike Harden on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mpharden
More:

Thoughts on Perseverance and Escaping the Rat Racereddit
In Henry V, poet William Shakespeare, wrote "Once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more." This message of perseverance is one that has proven to be utterly timeless, and even hundreds of years later is still extremely relevant. This particular message is one that we all must remember when it comes to escaping the confines of the "Rat Race."
There may be many reasons so many people have not yet escaped the Rat Race, and the key to escaping, is first knowing the reason why you are stuck.
They Are Oblivious to the Rat Race
Some people are simply not aware that they are in the Rat Race. Typically this mindset comes from a lack of education and awareness of the world around them.
They Do Not Have the Right Education
Some people are aware they are in the Rat Race. However, they do not have the insight or the proper education needed to escape. In most cases, it is a lack of financial education that is at the root of the problem.
Some People Are Content
There are also those who aware they are in the Rat Race, but they are content with this position. They may have a career or job that they genuinely love and find themselves happy with the life they have created. The root of the problem here is really lack of motivation--if someone is content and happy, it can be hard for them to find the motivation to grow and change.
Fear or Laziness
Being scared or lazy is another reason why so many still find themselves stuck in the race. There are those who are aware they are in the Rat Race, have acquired the knowledge to escape, but are too fearful or lazy to take that first step. Having the knowledgeable to change, does not mean someone has the tools or motivation to escape. Hard work, sacrifice, and perseverance are all essential to escaping. However, some people simply cannot overcome the fear of potential failure.
They Have Been Unsuccessful
There are some people who know they are in the Rat Race, who have the knowledge to escape and who have even found the motivation to escape, but who have failed in their past attempts. These individuals can easily fall back into the fourth category, after a single failed attempt. To escape this cycle they must be willing to find the strength to try again.
If you fall into the last category, it is important to not lose hope and to continue to hold on to that perseverance. With a strong foundation and the right attitude, it is only a matter of time before your efforts pay off. While it can be hard to find the energy and effort needed to try again after failure, you owe it to yourself to not give up. No matter what obstacles stand in your way, the reward of escaping the rat race and finding the life you deserve, is too important to give up on.
More:

5 Must-Dos If You Want to Persuade"Ninety percent of selling is conviction, and 10 per cent is persuasion."
Shiv Khera
Great Quote. However, as leaders, we usually end up at that crossroads where we have that one opportunity to close the deal, to persuade -- the meeting with our boss, the presentation to the board of directors, or the pitch to our customer.
Conviction and hard work may have gotten you to that point.  But now, when push comes to shove, it is all about persuasion. You walk into that room to make your case and you want to walk out of the room with the prize. You have one shot to persuade. Your objective is clear. You want something from your audience.
Five things to focus on for that critical meeting:
1. 'Seed' the topic in advance!
Provide succinct, cogent pre-reading. Have some conversations about the topic with key stakeholders so that they are engaged and vested in the outcome, in the variables of the decision.  No one wants to be surprised, or blindsided. Serious issues, big decisions are not made well on the spot; When you ask your audience for a decision, when they haven't had time to deliberate, you risk a quick decision that is final. And it may not be to your liking. Respect the decision-makers by "seeding" the topic, by giving them time to evaluate.
2. For crying out loud, why are you there?
Tell your audience why you are there and what you are looking for right away- having been on the other side of the table, there is nothing worse than sitting through the first 30 minutes of a presentation and still not knowing what is being asked.
3.  It's a negotiation!
Assume you are never going to get everything you ask for.  Therefore, as with any negotiation, understand your non-negotiables; understand where you are willing to give. If you are asking for five things and two of them are critical, have a game plan that gets you these critical items. For example, you can't position each ask with equal vehemence and urgency, but for those critical non-negotiables, you hold your ground, you take the risks, you put your hand in the fire.
4. Know your audience!
Understanding your leadership style is critical.  We all have different ways that we lead, communicate and engage. Once we have an awareness of our style, we can better understand the styles of the people with whom we engage, and adjust accordingly.  I recently worked with a client who was presenting to his Board. He had a big objective to attain through his presentation and we walked through the various styles of his Board members.  One was a big picture guy; the other was into financial details we created a game plan as to how his one presentation could resonate with five different individuals. (He met with the financially curious person in advance of the meeting to walk her through the kind of details that she needed to be comfortable)
5. Make the Ask!
I'm always amazed at how often the objective is left hanging out there with ambiguity. Be very clear as to what you are asking for, or you end up with one of ten variations of what you really need if you end up with anything at all. Make the ask. When you get approval, recap and clarify for understanding. Leave no room for ambiguity.
When it's crunch time, it is all about persuasion!
Follow Hans Hickler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ellipsisadvisor
More:

Home prices to zoom as Delhi govt hikes circ...You are here: Home > Collections
Home prices set to zoom as Delhi government hikes circle rates
PTI Sep 22, 2014, 09.33PM IST
Tags:
Black Money
(As per the decision approved…)
NEW DELHI: Home prices in the capital are set to go up further with Delhi government today hiking the circle rates -- the minimum valuation at which properties have to be registered -- by up to 20 per cent with an aim to check black money component in sale and purchase transactions.
As per the decision approved by Lt Governor Najeeb Jung, the circle rate has been increased to Rs 7.74 lakh per square metre of land from Rs 6.45 lakh in category A residential colonies like Greater Kailash, Defence Colony, Gulmohar Park, Panchsheel Enclave, Anandlok, Green Park, Golf Links and Hauz Khas.
This means nobody would be allowed to buy land and immovable properties in these colonies for less than Rs 6.45 lakh per sq m.
The new rates will come into effect from tomorrow. The land rates in Category B neighbourhood like Andrews Ganj, Kalkaji, Munirka Vihar and Nehru Enclave have been increased to Rs 2,45,520 as against current rate of Rs 2,04,600 per sq m.
The circle rates in the city was last revised in November 2012. The rates were then hiked by a whopping 200 per cent.
For C category colonies, the circle rate has been hiked to Rs 1,59,840 from current Rs 1,33,224 per square metre while in neighbourhood under Category D the new rates will be Rs 1,27,680 as against existing rate of Rs 1,06,384.
The rate for colonies under category E has been hiked from Rs 58,365 to Rs 70,080 per square metre while for F category colonies the rate will be Rs 56,640 as against current rate of Rs 47,140.
In respect of category G colonies, the new rate will be Rs 46,200 per square metre as against existing Rs 38,442 while for H category colonies it has been hiked to Rs 23,280 from Rs 19,361.
The circle rates were first introduced in Delhi in 2007, dividing the capital into eight categories, and were notified under the provisions of the Delhi Stamp (Prevention of Undervaluation of Instruments) Rules, 2007 on July 18, 2007.
Officials said the minimum property rates for commercial, industrial and other uses will be considered based on various other factors like age of the building and minimum rate of construction.
In category A colonies, the minimum rate of construction for residential use will be Rs 21,960 per sq m while it will be Rs 25,200 for commercial use.
For category B localities, the minimum rates of construction for residential use will be Rs 17,400 while for commercial use it will be Rs 19,920.
In category C colonies, the construction rate for residential use has been fixed at Rs 13,920 and for commercial use the minimum rate will be Rs 15,960 while in neighbourhoods under category D, the rate of construction for residential use will be Rs 11,160 and Rs 12,840 for commercial use.
For category E, the minimum residential and commercial rate of construction has been fixed at Rs 9,360 and Rs 10,800 respectively. In F category colonies, the minimum residential construction cost will be Rs 8,220 and for commercial use it will be Rs 9,480.
  The government has made specific criteria for proper valuation of the properties based on age of the structures. To evaluate minimum valuation of properties, a point-based system has been introduced based on year of completion of construction of the buildings.
As for example, buildings constructed prior to 1960 will get 0.5 points, those built between 1960-69 will get 0.6 points while flats built between 1970-79 will be accorded 0.7 points.
Those built between 1980-89 and 1990-2000 will get 0.8 and 0.9 points respectively while all the buildings built 2000 onwards will get 1 point.
The government has also categorised flats depending on the plinth area based on which minimum built up rate has been finalised.
If the plinth area is up to 30 sq m then the minimum rate of built up area for DDA colonies and group housing societies in case of residential use will be Rs 50,400 while the minimum built up rate for DDA colonies, cooperative housing societies and flats by private builder for commercial use will be Rs 57,840.
If the built-up area is above 30 and up to 50 sq m, then the minimum rate for built up area for DDA colonies and group housing societies for residential use will be Rs 54,480 while for commercial use it will be Rs 62,520.
If the built up area is above 50 sq m and up to 100 sq m, then the built up rate will be Rs 66,240 per sq m while for commercial use it will be Rs 75,960.
Above 100 sq m, the rate for residential use will be Rs 76,200 while for commercial use, it will be Rs 87,360. The land rate for the properties will be calculated separately depending on the category of the colonies.
For flats having more than four storeys, a uniform rate per sq m of Rs 87,840 will be taken as minimum value of built up rate for residential purpose while if same is used for commercial purpose, the uniform rate of Rs 1,00,800 will be taken as minimum value of built up area per sq m.
If one floor of an independent property other than a flat is sold, then the relevant minimum land cost will be taken for proportionate plinth area sold and the minimum cost of construction will be applied on the plinth area, said an official.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Million dollar Modi  Indian Americans out-raise themselvesWithin days, $1 million raised for Modi’s Madison Square event
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 22, 2014
First Published: 20:36 IST(22/9/2014) | Last Updated: 07:15 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
Organisers of the Madison Square Garden reception for Prime Minister Narendra Modi later this week have been stunned by the speed with which Indian Americans contributed for it.
The Indian American Community Foundation, formed to organise the event — fund and produce it, were able to raise over a million — $1.6 million precisely — within just days.
“We were completely taken aback by the speed with which people donated for the event,” said one of the organisers, requesting to be not identified. “And touched.”
The prime minister is scheduled to address, and interact with, Indian Americans at MSG, as Madison Square Garden is popularly known, on September 28.
The brief to the organisers from the prime minister’s office, and stated with this government’s trademark clarity, was to keep the event completely free for whoever wanted to attend.
The organisers were also told that the Indian government, which had hosted public receptions for visiting Indian prime ministers before, was not going to pay for it this time.
The organisers were on their own, and MSG does not come cheap, being accustomed to hosting blockbusting rock shows, boxing matches, political events and, even, a pope.
Initial estimates put the cost in the range of $400,000 and $700,000. Organisers were actually flying blind here, having never hosted an event of this scale at the MSG before.
With nothing on the account books at the time, when a decision was taken to hold the event, some of the organisers put up their own money to book the venue.
But once the whole effort got organised, with a website where contributions could be made, money flowed in — and in sizes varying from $5 and 10 to $5,000.
Around 85% of the money, said on of the organisers, came from middle class Indian Americans — “the common guys”, a third of them doctors, according to one estimate.
Though chuffed by the response, the organisers also felt relieved they didn’t have to approach “big money” — “Narendra Bhai won’t have liked that” — such as Pepsi and Microsoft.
Both Pepsi and Microsoft, for perspective, are headed by CEOs of Indian descent, Indra Nooyi and Satya Nadella, respectively. And no one knows if they would have helped, if asked.
In the end, the organisers did fine.

Solar Seoul Shows How Eco-Friendly Cities Can Workreddit
SEOUL -- It is a welcome development that the U.N. Climate Summit has created a forum for major cities of the world to share their best practices and discuss better ways to respond to climate change. Through this forum of exchange and cooperation, world cities can get closer to achieving the goal dear to all of us by setting realistic carbon emissions reduction targets and adopting diverse yet realistic policies. It, therefore, is a special pleasure for the city of Seoul to take part in this global networking opportunity and share our own experience in carrying out eco-friendly energy policies and efforts to build a better and healthier world.
The city of Seoul has recently won the 2014 C40 & Siemens City Climate Leadership Award in the Green Energy category for its "Make Seoul a City of Sunlight" project. This prestigious global recognition of our solar energy project is all the more meaningful in light of growing global concerns over the use of nuclear energy and the increase of greenhouse gas emissions.
In 2012 the city of Seoul launched a citizen-initiated project, "One Less Nuclear Power Plant." The project was part of our effort to join the anti-nuclear movement spreading worldwide, to overcome the power crisis, and to respond to climate change. The project first aimed to reduce the city's electricity consumption by an amount equivalent to the output of one nuclear plant through energy conservation and renewable energy production. Thanks to the enthusiastic support it had received from citizens during the past two years, the project has reached its 2 million TOE target 6 months ahead of schedule.
Thus having successfully completed its first phase, the project is in its second phase now, with the goal of achieving an electricity self-reliance rate of 20 percent, the minimum figure the city needs in order to prevent a power crisis and perform its basic functions.
In addition to energy reduction, the project has helped Seoul citizens develop energy conservation practices in their daily lives. Approximately 1.7 million citizens have signed up for "Eco Mileage," an incentive program for members with good energy-savings records. Currently, 40 percent of households in Seoul are participating in one form or another of energy conservation, which amounts to about 450,000 TOE energy saving annually.
Building upon the success of its first phase, the "One Less Nuclear Power Plant" project is focused on realizing three energy-related values important from the social and community prospective.
The first value we seek to realize is "energy self-reliance." Committed to building a city that is safe from the threat of power crises, self-sufficient in energy and responsible for its energy use, we are exploring ways to generate energy in an eco-friendly and sustainable way. For example, we are installing mini-photovoltaic power stations on the rooftops of school buildings, apartments, and other structures, taking the maximum advantage of our high population and building density.
The second value is "energy sharing." By sharing energy with the socially marginalized and creating an energy heritage that is sustainable for many generations, we are strengthening community solidarity.
The third value is "energy participation." Through an open governance system, we ensure the participation of all citizens in the whole process involving energy, from policy planning to implementation. We have witnessed what our citizens are capable of during the first phase of the "One Less Nuclear Power Plant" project.
The city of Seoul is in the process of transforming itself from being an energy consumer to producer. With the participation of its 10 million residents, Seoul will continue evolving into a city that is solar powered, environmentally friendly, and energy self-reliant. This endeavor will extend our municipal boundaries to every corner of Korea and, with blessings and warm support from many of the participants of this forum, eventually to every city in the world. The city of Seoul will be in the forefront of this important cause, and on behalf of all Seoulites, I ask all the citizens of the world to join us.
More:

Another Step Toward Ecological Seafood MenusAnother step towards sustainable seafood menus: My prior HuffPost blog noted a simple restaurant chef's recipe for more sustainable menus. I stated that the "magic formula" was:
• Source Well
• Price Well
• Tell people the story of the fish
Some responded with skepticism, some wanted a deeper breakdown. Fair enough. Let's break down what this "formula" takes, with a hope to encourage more chefs to make changes for good. Let me say that I came to this perspective through careful observation, and a range of interviews with CleanFish customer-chefs over the past decade of our work.
Step One: Source Well
This first step is more challenging than it might seem. In the past, the seafood industry has too often failed the test on accurate labeling.  It is not easy to know what your buying, or eating. Truth is many in the trade mainstream feel it is in their interest to keep the consumer fairly ignorant. If there is a fillet of white fish on ice sitting on that counter, how many customers will know what it is - really? Most markets guess that is not likely, and they're usually safe in that assumption. So if you were hoping to take home snapper, or a grouper, or a sole... why should I as a fellow stuck behind the fish counter disappoint you with facts? You're going to buy this fish, pan fry it or broil it and squeeze lemon all over it... and you'll mostly like that dish. So, why should I interfere with some genuine data?
That seems to have been the view at many a fish counter for over the past 40 or so years. After a time, the fellow behind the counter knows only what the box of ice delivered in the back of the shop says if it says anything. So the trade lost all sense of its role in identifying the fish properly, of knowing much about how to prepare it for the home cook, of how various cuisines of the world would serve or combine that fish with other elements to create a nourishing meal. In most homes fish is something we order when we go out. We feel insecure about knowing how to cook fish, and it is expensive so we don't want to blow it, and it can smell up the place anyway.
As the conditioned inertia of most seafood consumers follows the well-laid pathways of the foods we eat, fewer and fewer even behind your local fish counter really have the skills and desire to even know much about the origin of the seafood being sold. It is only recently that COOLS, or Country of Origin Labels were required on fish on the counters. So even the need to correctly identify what nation the fish we are buying came from is rather new.
As investigative journalists have uncovered over and again in the 10 years since my co-founding CleanFish with my colleague Dale Sims, few fish counters really know much about the fish they are serving you. Literally many do not know even whether the fish is from a farmed or wild source.
We have traded knowing much about the sources of our food for the sake of convenience. And it is that trend that I hope has brought all of us to a breaking point. Sometimes we need breakdowns to have the drive to create breakthroughs. With every passing food scare, every breakdown of food safety and every discovery of the usage of hormones, of prophylactic use of antibiotics, of malachite green or some chemical soaking trick to increase water retention for weight gain to make an extra dime or dollar; the consumers of this nation are increasingly skeptical, if not cynical, regarding the genuine interests of the corporations that prepare, process, and distribute our food. And we are right to feel that way.
In the strong journalistic tradition of exposé cinema such as Food, Inc and Fast Food Nation, the recent documentary film Fed Up, chronicles the unchecked and disastrous onslaught of advertising, media hero sponsorships, and ubiquitous presence of the sugar industry seemingly perfectly willing to undermine the health and vitality of our nation from within.  From within our homes, our schools, our shopping markets and every neighborhood convenience store we have overwhelmingly given up our power.  Families have become inadvertently active participants in undermining their own health before the conveniently accessible energy hit provided by the über dominance of the multinational and national sugar conglomerates. Am I being extreme? Was Michael Bloomberg, in fact, really the Mayor of New Nannygatetown?
This powerful film, Fed Up, documents the addictive future strategically planned for by the sugar corporations as if they were following scripts printed by the tobacco corporations of just some 40 or so years ago. The sugar and chemical foods industries assume, as if it were their right and privilege, to leave in their wake statistics that are staggering regarding the current and future disease rates of our nation's youth. At the cost of our national and regional healthcare budgets the statistics around diabetes and sugar-related disease factors makes it clear that these corporations have acted as if determined to undermine our youth, and therefore the future productivity of this country.  As stated by a former Director of the National Institute of Health, "this country is toast."
Sourcing transparently and well is a critical part to ending this cycle. We cannot change what we cannot see, manage, or understand.  Those of us who have been in the business of educating and providing more information regarding the sources of our food are fighting upstream. So, I'm possibly not being extreme enough on these points, given the powerful flood of convenience foods banging on every cupboard in your kitchen, every locker in your child's school.
In the seafood trade, you can reassert your civic right, whether chef or consumer, to know what you are buying, where it is from and how the fish you want was harvested, or raised. Still, your rights are only real if exercised. Only if you ask, only if you demand information, only if you take the full advantage of your role as the one funding this food system do you step from a very conditioned and limited food conversation from the past into the current capacities of this information age of access to knowing more, not less, about the food you are eating. Only in exercising this power is it made real. Note how hesitant we are in this simple act of exercising our rights. Yet only if we do will the stores and restaurants you reward with your funds make it part of their business to know what they are selling and, consequently, what your are buying. Don't ask, don't tell is not what we need in the civic discourse around our food systems.
It is time for a more actively engaged food revolution powered by more information, and that is precisely what we're about.  Oh yeah, it's on.
Next, I will address the issue of portion size as another core step toward more sustainable seafood menus.
More:

No plan to take LIC Nomura MF public: LIC ch...C B Bhave
(LIC Mutual Fund was set up…)
MUMBAI: Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), the nation's largest financial institution, has ruled out taking its mutual fund subsidiary LIC Nomura Mutual Fund public.
"We have no plans to list our mutual fund arm LIC Nomura MF, since the business has not grown the way we wanted. It is yet to be scaled up and I don't think, we can get a good valuation at the current level," LIC Chairman Surya Kumar Roy told PTI in an interview here today.
LIC Mutual Fund was set up in April 1989 and LIC, the single largest domestic investor in the market managing assets over Rs 17 trillion, holds a 45 per cent stake in the venture.
In January 2011, it roped in Japanese financial powerhouse Nomura which holds a 35 per cent stake at present.
The remaining 20 per cent stake in LIC's mutual fund business, is held by LIC's home finance arm LIC Housing Finance.
Blaming the withdrawal of entry load for the poor state of the mutual fund industry, Roy said that the domestic mutual fund industry is still in a "crisis".
"Unless you incentivise agents and brokers, there is no reason for them to sell a product. However, that is not happening now," Roy said.
It may be noted that in August 2009, the then Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) chairman C B Bhave had abolished entry loads for mutual funds agents.
Though present SEBI Chairman U K Sinha partially incentivised mutual funds agents in July 2011 by allowing mutual fund houses to pay agents from their fund expenses, the ripple effect of the crisis due to abolition of entry loads, continues to haunt the mutual fund industry, he said.
"The biggest problem facing the mutual fund industry is that retail investors keep away. It is still a corporate-driven industry. Unless retail investors come into the market, you cannot really say there is real depth in the market," Roy, who took charge on July 1, 2013, for a five-year term, said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RadioShack talks with vendor to avoid bankruptcyRadioShack in talks with vendor to avoid bankruptcy
By: Roger Yu September 22, 2014 10:39 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Shares of RadioShack Corp. ( RSH ) rose nearly 5% Monday morning after the struggling retailer said its executives and largest creditors “have had discussions with a major vendor” about modifying a “commercial relationship” to avoid bankruptcy.
“These discussions did not result in a change to the commercial relationship at this time but are continuing,” the Fort Worth, Texas-based company said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Its shares rose 4 cents to 95 cents.
With customers increasingly opting to buy electronic parts and gadgets online, RadioShack has been struggling to stay afloat. Earlier this month, the company said it was running out of cash and could be forced to seek bankruptcy protection if it can’t find other ways to shore up finances.
Sales fell 22% year-over-year in the second quarter to $673.8 million, and the company had only about $30.5 million in cash as of the end of the quarter.
“The company continues to explore how to optimize its various commercial relationships in light of alternative restructuring scenarios, and may involve lenders, bondholders, shareholders, lease counterparties and other stakeholders in these discussions at any time,” it said.
RadioShack also warned that such discussions may not result in changes to its commercial arrangements.

US stocks retreat from record highs on China jittersUS stocks retreat from record highs on China jitters
By Reuters | 22 Sep, 2014, 11.12PM IST
Recent data in China has been disappointing, leading many analysts to lower their growth forecasts and hope for more aggressive accommodations from the government
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks were lower in early afternoon trade on Monday after China's finance minister indicated the country will not increase stimulus measures and US housing data fell short of expectations.
Recent data in China has been disappointing, leading many analysts to lower their growth forecasts and hope for more aggressive accommodations from the government. In remarks on Sunday, Finance Minister Lou Jiwei said China wouldn't dramatically alter its economic policy because of any one economic indicator.
A closely watched gauge of Chinese manufacturing, due on Tuesday, could indicate activity was contracting.
"We have the ISM for China and we have Europe continue to struggle with France and Italy in recession, so you have some developed (nations) plus China problems," said Doug Cote, chief market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York.
"Unless tomorrow's (data) is really horrendous, I am not that worried about China at this time."
The National Association of Realtors said US existing home sales dropped 1.8 per cent to an annual rate of 5.05 million units, snapping four straight months of gains. Expectations called for sales increasing to a 5.20 million-unit pace. The PHLX housing sector index was down 1.7 per cent.
The Dow Jones industrial average was falling 82.72 points, or 0.48 per cent, to 17,197.02, the S&P 500 was losing 15.91 points, or 0.79 per cent, to 1,994.49 and the Nasdaq Composite was dropping 60.70 points, or 1.33 per cent, to 4,519.09.
The S&P 500 was on track for its biggest per centage decline since early August.
Among the largest per centage gainers on the New York Stock Exchange was Doral Financial, rising 15.2 per cent, while the largest per centage decliner was CARBO Ceramics, down 16.25 per cent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Bank Of America, up 0.80 per cent to $17.09; Alibaba , down 4.04 per cent to $90.10; and Vale SA ADR, down 5.21 per cent to $11.38.
On the Nasdaq, Yahoo , down 5.6 per cent to $38.63; Apple , down 0.3 per cent to $100.69; and Chinanet Online , up 74.5 per cent to $3.42 were among the most actively traded.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,517 to 483, for a 5.21-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,214 issues were falling and 496 advancing for a 4.46-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 11 new 52-week highs and 12 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 24 new highs and 119 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

What went wrong at Tesco© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5eee792c-423f-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM wants 2 lakh MW more from sun  wind with US helpPM Modi wants 2 lakh MW more from sun, wind with US help
Anupama Airy , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 00:22 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:34 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will seek US technology and investments for setting up 100,000 MW each of solar and wind energy generation capacity in India over the next 10 years, according to official documents in HT’s possession.
This is expected to be part of the Prime Minister’s agenda during his US visit starting September 27 and forms an important part of his plan to provide 24x7 power across the country within five years.
The average price of setting up 1 MW of solar or wind power is about Rs. 7 crore. At this price, the initiative will need an investment of Rs. 4 lakh crore at current prices. The initiative can also generate up to 670,000 jobs in the country.
India’s total installed capacity across thermal, hydel, wind, solar and nuclear power currently stands at 250,000 MW. Of this, only about 140,000 MW is actually available because of coal and gas shortages and sub-optimal capacity utilisation.
The government wants the public sector NTPC and Coal India Ltd (CIL) to implement this mega initiative as they have strong balance sheets and also the experience of rolling out mega projects. NTPC has cash reserves of Rs. 16,000 crore and CIL has reserves of Rs. 57,000 crore.
A “working group (of US and Indian stakeholders) to partner NTPC’s and CIL’s plans to roll out 100,000 MW each of solar and wind energy projects in 10 years” is likely to be announced during Modi’s US visit, the document says.
In the run-up to the visit, the government has already scrapped a plan to impose additional duties on solar panels imported from the US and elsewhere.
Presently, India has an installed capacity of 2,750 MW of solar power and 21,800 MW of wind power.
The government is keen that US companies, which have the technology to generate and store solar and wind power, set up shop in India to manufacture solar panels, wind turbines and related components in India.
This will help reduce costs and generate jobs within the country.
Power and coal minister Piyush Goyal was not available for comment. “I want to see an India free of diesel generator and inverter within the term of our government,” Goyal had told HT recently.

Acquisitions on their mind  global majors scout for Indian start-upsAcquisitions on their mind  global majors scout for Indian start-ups
Baltimore Ravens Owner Speaks Live on Ray Rice ControversyHokie Playback: Virginia Tech @ Wake Forest
2:30 pm

WRAPUP 5-Siemens splurges $7.6 bln on Dresser-Rand in U.S. shale market betWRAPUP 5-Siemens splurges $7.6 bln on Dresser-Rand in U.S. shale market bet
Google+ accounts no longer needed for new Gmail usersGoogle+ accounts no longer needed for new Gmail users
Coal India to raise prices 10%Coal India to raise prices 10%
Court exempts Shah fromappearancePrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:21 am
The special CBI court Monday exempted BJP president Amit Shah from appearance in the alleged fake encounter case of Sohrabuddin Sheikh.
Shah had sought exemption on the ground of being busy with work related to poll campaign.
“Being the president of a political party, he has to attend election campaigns. Elections to Legislative Assemblies of Haryana and Maharashtra are scheduled in the month of October and he has to attend the meetings and therefore it is not possible for him to attend hearings,” counsel for Shah, Mitesh Amin, said.
However, counsel for complainant Rubabuddin Sheikh, who is the brother of encounter victim Sohrabuddin Sheikh, opposed the application arguing that Shah has not been attending the hearings for a long time.
On Monday, Rubabuddin also alleged before the court that one of the accused, Naresh Vishnubhai Chauhan, threatened him in the court before the proceedings began. In his application, Rubabuddin sought cancelling Chauhan’s bail and initiation of action against him.

Centre sets up panel to help Railway BoardreshufflePrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:15 am
The government has set up a panel of experts to facilitate the restructuring of the Railway Board, the highest decision-making body of Indian Railways.
While economist Bibek Debroy has been appointed chairman of the seven-member committee, the other members comprise former cabinet secretary KM Chandrashekhar, former CMD of Proctor and Gamble Gurcharan Das, senior fellow of Centre for Policy Research Partha Mukhopadhyay, former MD of National Stock Exchange Ravi Narain, former financial commissioner of Railway Board Rajendra Kashyap, and a nominee from the Department of Economic Affairs, which is yet to be decided.
The panel will discuss ways to separate policy making and implementation in the Railway Board so that it does not work in silos. Restructuring the board will mean promoting exchange of officers between railways and other ministries. It will estimate the financial requirement of the railways and suggest ways to generate resources. The board will also examine ways to set up a Rail Tariff Authority.
Kashyap is the only railwayman in the panel. Sources said the idea behind setting up the panel was to overhaul the organisation. The tenure of the committee could be one year, though a final decision is yet to be taken, sources said.
Sources have confirmed that the Prime Minister’s Office provided inputs regarding the composition of the panel, following a proposal from Railway Minister DV Sadananda Gowda. Notably, Railway Minister Gowda had said in the Rail Budget that the present set of the Board had become “unwieldy”.
“…at the moment, the Railway Board, due to overlapping roles of policy formulation and implementation, has become unwieldy. Therefore, I propose to separate these two functions,” Gowda had said in his speech.

Split with NCP more likely: Congressstate politics
‘Both were preparing for a life without the other, for the last year or so’
Nationalist Congress Party leader Ajit Pawar’s soaring ambitions and the Congress leadership’s less than enthusiastic outlook on its utility are pushing the alliance between the two parties to the brink of collapse, multiple sources in the Congress familiar with the developments have told The Hindu.
“The fact is that the Congress, the NCP, the Shiv Sena and the BJP think that contesting alone would be beneficial. If the BJP-Sena alliance remains intact in the end, there could be a sudden turnaround in the situation, but as of today [Monday] a split with the NCP is a likely scenario,” a Congress source said. He said each party is trying to read the behaviour of the other three parties, with the Congress taking a rather passive interest.
Another party source said both partners were preparing for a life without the other, for the last year or so. “Ajit Pawar [Deputy Chief Minister and the nephew of NCP chief Sharad Pawar] is determined to take a gamble and go alone. He has identified his candidates long ago. After the NCP did better than us in the Lok Sabha election, things have only worsened,” he said.
The Congress won two and the NCP six of the 48 Lok Sabha seats in the State. Congress leaders including Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan also believe that contesting separately would be better for the party.
The senior Pawar has been in touch with BJP interlocutors and is open to have a post-poll alliance with the saffron party, according to the Congress understanding of the situation.
“He could return to us also after the election, if that adds up to a majority. But as of now, nobody is particularly worried about saving the alliance,” one Congress source said, pointing out that neither party president Sonia Gandhi nor vice-president Rahul Gandhi has taken any particular interest in ending the impasse.

ETF smackdown: Dividend aristocrat vs. buybackETF smackdown: Dividend aristocrat vs. buyback achiever
By: John Waggoner September 22, 2014 3:58 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Which is better for investors: Buybacks or dividend increases? Thanks to the miracle of specialty mutual funds, we have an answer.
Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY
Companies that raise their dividends every year show that they are mindful of their shareholders and confident about the future. A dividend hike is a nice way to thank shareholders by putting cash directly in their pockets. And, because Wall Street loathes dividend cuts, a company that raises a dividend is also signaling that it will be able to maintain that dividend in the future.
Corporate buybacks are popular because they reduce the number of shares outstanding. All other things being equal, fewer shares means the remaining shares are more valuable.
Of the two strategies, raising dividends has been the most popular with investors — or at least with investors in exchange-traded funds. The SPDR S&P Dividend ETF (SDY) tracks the Dividend Aristocrats index, which tracks the stocks of companies that have raised their dividends every year for the past 25 years. The fund has $13 billion in assets, despite an estimated $1.4 billion outflow the past 12 months.
The smaller PowerShares Buyback Achievers (PKW) has just $2.8 billion in assets, although it has gained $1.2 billion in new investor money the past 12 months. To merit inclusion in the fund, a company must have shrunk its number of shares by at least 5% in the past 12 months.
How do the two funds shape up? The past 12 months, SPDR S&P Dividend ETF has gained 14%, vs. 17.6% for PowerShares Buyback Achievers. Dividend achievers have lagged buyback achievers the past three years, too — and rather dramatically. PowerShares Buyback Achievers is up 91% the past three years, vs 65% for dividend achievers.
PowerShares Buyback Achievers has lagged the S&P 500 the past 12 months: It’s up 17.7%, vs. 20% for the S&P 500. (All these figures include reinvested dividends.) But the Buyback Achievers fund has beaten the S&P 500 the past three and five years. Dividend achievers, alas, have been underachievers, trailing the S&P 500 badly the past one, three and five years.
The SPDR S&P Dividend ETF has one advantage: Its expense ratio is 0.35%, vs 0.68% for PowerShares Buyback Achievers. But it’s possible that PowerShares Buyback Achievers could reduce its expense ratio as it grows.
Of course, companies have many other options for their cash, such as investing in new equipment, expanding to increase market share or even sharing their profits with employees by handing out raises. Raising dividends and buying back stock does nothing to increase sales or revenues. Unfortunately, there are no funds that track the success of companies that reinvest in their own business.
 

How New STD App Might Change Safe Sex PracticesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Jack Ma: success made in Chinapeople
Mr. Ma has drawn inspiration by dipping into China’s unique cultural idiom
China is celebrating the success of e-commerce giant, the Alibaba group, whose stocks jumped 38 per cent on the first day of trading on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on Friday, turning English teacher-turned-entrepreneur Jack Ma’s economic powerhouse into the world’s 17th largest public firm.
The normally sedate State-run news agency, Xinhua, was effusive in praising the outpouring of investor confidence shown at the NYSE in the home-grown group, and its founder, as a “China miracle.” It’s not hard to fathom why Mr. Ma has turned into a cult figure, making a huge impact on the collective psyche, especially of millions of cyber-connected young and ambitious Chinese. In a country, which has dreams of eclipsing the United States as the world’s leading economic and cultural powerhouse, Mr. Ma’s success story has acquired special meaning. Alibaba’s headline-grabbing triumph is being viewed as a solid vote of confidence in China’s capacity to churn out its own world-beating entrepreneurship, whose DNA is distinctively Chinese.
Unlike products of foreign universities, Mr. Ma has drawn inspiration by dipping into China’s own cultural idiom — a factor that has resonated resoundingly with his growing army of admirers. As a child, Mr. Ma learnt showmanship from his parents, both practitioners of the “pingtan,” the Chinese tradition of musical storytelling. Characters from Kung Fu novels, who glorified and embodied a combative spirit and righteousness, also left a deep impact on young Jack Ma — a feature that became a trademark of his business conduct in later years. Mr. Ma’s nickname “Feng Qingyang” is drawn from a legendary swordsman, known for his reclusiveness, unpredictability and aggression.
A role model for cyber-savvy Chinese
The success of Jack Ma’s Alibaba group on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday is being viewed as a solid vote of confidence in China’s capacity to nurture its own, world-beating entrepreneurs.
Unlike those who have been products of foreign universities, Mr. Ma has drawn inspiration by dipping into China’s unique cultural idiom — a factor that has resonated resoundingly with his growing army of admirers. As a child, Mr. Ma learnt showmanship from his parents, both practitioners of the “pingtan,” the Chinese tradition of musical storytelling. Characters from Kung Fu novels, who glorified and embodied a combative spirit and righteousness, also left a deep impact on young Jack — a feature that became a trademark of his business conduct in later years. In fact, Mr. Ma’s nickname “Feng Qingyang” is drawn from a legendary swordsman, known for his reclusiveness, unpredictability and aggression.
Ready to take on anybody, except the government, Mr. Ma, made it well-known to his 17 comrades, who had joined him in 1999 at the basement of his home in Hangzhou, where Alibaba was first launched, that Chinese brains could more than match the Americans. In a speech that was caught on camera, he said: “Chinese brains are just as good as theirs and this is the reason we dare to compete with Americans.”

Monsoon returning to South  rains may spill into OctoberMonsoon returning to South, rains may spill into October
Vinson Kurian
South Kerala and adjoining south Tamil Nadu may be in for some heavy showers.
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 21:  
As the monsoon 2014 prepares to enter the last week, the rain deficit figure stands at 12 per cent with northwest India expectedly ending up the worst hit.
Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana-Chandigarh-Delhi, entire Uttar Pradesh, and east Madhya Pradesh are left with considerable rain shortfall.
RESIDUAL MONSOON
In peninsular India, Telangana and Marathawada have joined the above list. But contrary to forecasts, the rest of the peninsula has managed to receive normal rainfall up till now.
And it is here that the residual monsoon flows are forecast to serve up one last spell of moderate to heavy rain during the rest of this week.
This would pan out along with the heightened monsoon in east India overseen by a well-marked low-pressure area over north Odisha and Gangetic West Bengal.
A causative ‘low’ prowling in the Bay of Bengal off Andhra Pradesh-Odisha coasts had intensified during the weekend into being a ‘well-marked low.’
It had behaved in line with forecasts to move north and cross the Odisha coast while retaining much of its new-found intensity.
WET SPELL PREDICTED
The rains are currently walloping parts of Odisha, Gangetic West Bengal and almost the entire northeast, a pattern which would hold on for the next three days as well.
Simultaneously, activity is seen building up over peninsular India, with a churn in the atmosphere in the wake of flows getting directed in the well-marked ‘low.’
According to the US Climate Prediction Centre, the west coast will once again slip under moderate to heavy rain progressively during this week and into the next.
It showed extreme south peninsula, including south Kerala and adjoining south Tamil Nadu, being targeted for some heavy showers.
This could be the handiwork of a circulation beginning to build off southeast Tamil Nadu and adjoining Sri Lanka on the trail of the fading of the ‘low’ in northeast India.
These rains could spill over into the first few days of October, according to this forecast.
PACIFIC TYPHOONS
Meanwhile, Typhoon Fung-Wong in the northwest Pacific is forecast to hit Taiwan during the course of the day and later the adjoining southeast coast of China.
The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts sees a stronger and many-times-more intense typhoon brewing in the same ocean basin later this week and approaching the same coast of China in a menacing fashion.
But forecasts indicate it might just stop short, choosing to bear down instead on upstream South Korea/Japan. The Chinese coast is likely to be spared of a direct hit.
It will be interesting to watch how these storms can impact the unfolding weather over peninsular India, which is forecast to undergo a wet spell almost concurrently as per today’s forecasts.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Tesco Suspends Execs Over Inflated Profit ReportAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Deutsche Bank fires currency traderDeutsche Bank fires Sydney currency trader for concealing losses
By Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f6cb534-4247-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

On the Rebound: 5 Steps To Recover From Failurereddit
Failure is inevitable no matter how much effort you invest in your company, but the way you recover can set you up for your next great success.
Maybe your new product didn't go over well. Maybe you launched a new website with terrible user experience. Maybe you made a questionable social media post and your followers have started to question you.
As an entrepreneur, I've experienced my share of failures, and I'm guessing you have too. If you haven't failed yet, you must be just starting out. Otherwise, you aren't taking any risks. Failure is -- and should be -- a natural part of business ownership. What truly matters is how you recover from that failure, and there are five steps to doing that properly:
Step 1: Accept the Failure. The first step is sometimes the hardest. Admitting you've failed is difficult even for the most mature, experienced entrepreneurs. True, you should never give up on something you truly believe in. But if you're going to keep moving forward, at some point you have to acknowledge the walls that are blocking you.
Step 2: Reflect on the Root Cause. There isn't always a single identifiable root cause, but do what you can to sort out the reasons for the failure. Sometimes these are internal, sometimes these are external and sometimes they're completely random. But you have to understand them if you're going to learn anything.
Step 3: Take Responsibility. Even if the failure wasn't your fault, you have to take responsibility. It is now your job to make sure this doesn't happen again. Brainstorm with your team, hold discussions, and be open -- but take ownership of the failure and drive a new change.
Step 4: Implement New Processes. Something needs to change so this doesn't happen again. Hire someone, discipline someone, correct a procedure, institute a new checkpoint, find a different vendor -- possible solutions are practically infinite. Take time to find the right one for your business.
Step 5: Set a New Goal. Finally, you need to set your sights on the horizon. Establish a new goal to keep your new vision in line.
If you can recover and start paving a path toward the next phase of your business, no failure can ever interfere with your long-term success.
Jose Vasquez is a serial entrepreneur and tech enthusiast dedicated to helping startup technology companies get the direction and momentum they need to succeed. As the founder of Build. Brand. Blast. , Jose has established a collective resource for tech entrepreneurs to consult when brainstorming, creating, launching, or expanding a new business. Jose is also the founder and CEO of Quez Media Marketing, a marketing firm that combines technology and creativity to help new and growing companies get the results they need.
Jose graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
Follow Jose:

VVIP chopper deal: ED searches premises of b...Aeromatrix
(Officials said the agency…)
NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate today conducted searches on the premises of a former board member of an accused firm in connection with its money laundering probe in the Rs 3,600 crore Agustawestland chopper deal.
Officials said the agency searched two premises of Gautam Khaitan in Delhi and seized jewellery worth Rs 1 crore and impounded some financial documents.
The agency's action came in the backdrop of a criminal case slapped by it against Khaitan, former IAF chief S P Tyagi and 19 others in the VVIP chopper deal to probe alleged kickbacks of Rs 360 crore.
Khaitan, an advocate, was on the board of Chandigarh-based company Aeromatrix.
According to the CBI and other agencies, they have detected that funds for the particular deal were allegedly routed through this firm.
A reference to Khaitan was reportedly made in the Italian prosecutor's report filed in a court in Italy.
He, however, has refuted all the allegations made against him.
Khaitan was earlier quizzed by the CBI in this case. The ED had registered a case in this deal in July under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA), taking cognisance of a more-than-a-year-old CBI FIR.
ED has booked Tyagi, his family members, European nationals Carlo Gerosa, Christian Michel and Guido Haschke, four companies-- Italy-based Finmeccanica, UK-based AgustaWestland and Chandigarh-based IDS Infotech and Aeromatrix , two companies based in Mauritius and Tunisia, few other firms and unknown persons in its criminal complaint.
A total of 21 entities have been named by ED in the case. The ED is probing the deal in order to track the alleged "bribe money" in this deal.
The supply of 12 VVIP helicopters from AgustaWestland came under the scanner after Italian authorities alleged that bribe was paid by the company to clinch the deal.
The Italian prosecutor who carried out the preliminary inquiry alleged that the CEO of Finmeccanica, the parent company of UK-based AgustaWestland, had used the services of middlemen to bribe Indian officials.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bali package at risk; future uncertain: WTOBali package is at risk; future uncertain, says WTO Chief Roberto Azevêdo
PTI Sep 22, 2014, 10.28PM IST
Tags:
Bali package
(Azevêdo said there seems…)
NEW DELHI: WTO chief Roberto Azevedo today expressed serious concerns over the fate of Bali package, saying the deal is "at risk" and the future seems "uncertain".
WTO members agreed to implement the decisions taken in Bali last year and they also agreed to adopt a work programme, by the end of this year, to deal with the remaining issues of the Doha Round, he said.
"However, all of this is now at risk," he said in an address to the UNCTAD Trade and Development Board.
India's tough stand led to impasse in the WTO. India had decided not to ratify WTO's Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), which is dear to the developed world, without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution to its public food stock-holding issue for food security purposes.
Azevedo said there seems to be a clear interplay between concerns on the negotiations on public stock-holding and the implementation of the TFA.
"Both public stock-holding programmes and trade facilitation were issues addressed by the Bali decisions. There is no formal or legal linkage between these two issues, but we cannot deny that there is an important political link bringing them together. At present the future is uncertain," he said.
Expressing confidence, he said if the members solve these issue, the WTO would be able to look ahead and resume efforts in the broader negotiating agenda.
"If we do not, members will have to think carefully about what the consequences are. There could be an impact on all areas of our work...My assessment is that we risk disengagement if we don't solve this impasse shortly,"he said.
He said many areas of work "may suffer a freezing effect", including the areas of greatest interest to developing countries, such as agriculture.
"All negotiations mandated in Bali, such as the one to find a permanent solution for the issue of public stock-holding for food security purposes, may never even happen if members fail to implement each and every part of the Bali Package, including the TFA," he added.
India has asked WTO to amend the norms for calculating agriculture subsidies so that the country could continue to procure foodgrains from farmers at minimum support price and sell them to poor at cheaper rates without violating the norms.
The current WTO norms limit the value of food subsidies at 10 per cent of the total value of foodgrain production. However, the quantum of subsidy is computed after taking into consideration prices that prevailed two decades ago.
In December last year in Bali, Indonesia, the WTO members agreed on a package including decisions on public stockholding for food security purposes; export competition; government support for agriculture-related services and cotton.
"We are at an early stage of our consultations. Members are meeting with each other in sessions organised by the chairs. I am continuing my own consultations. There is a lot of activity, but at this point we don't have a solution," Azevedo said.
"We will have another meeting of all members on 6 October," he added.
  He said the priority is to ensure the implementation of the Bali Package.
On the issue of public stockholding for food security purposes, he said the topic is not new and "it is and has always been a complex issue, which covers -- among many elements -- the role played by trade and trade disciplines".
"The evolution of agricultural prices in the last 15 years also focused the attention of the international community on food security in developing countries, in particular the least-developed and the net food importing developing countries.
"Everybody in the WTO recognizes the right of governments to implement policies they deem necessary to ensure food security for their populations," he said.
He said vast majority of studies conducted in recent years have confirmed that open and non-distorted trade improves the various dimensions of food security.
"...the question that WTO members are trying to answer is not whether members can ensure their food security but rather under which commonly agreed disciplines they can implement policies to achieve this goal without further distorting trade or aggravating the food insecurity of third countries," he added.
"All WTO negotiations will be at risk if the current impasse is not solved," he said adding small countries would suffer the most as big countries have other options.
He said that although the situation is "very delicate", " I sincerely hope that by early October we will find a way to put things back on track".
On the agricultural sector, he said there has been and still remains a fundamental tool for sustainable development and for reducing poverty in most developing countries.
"But agriculture has been characterized for decades by policies that seriously distort trade and production. Such policies can take the form of high tariff barriers, various domestic support measures -- through subsidies or market price support -- and export subsidies or other forms of export-related support.
These trade distorting policies have a significant effect on agricultural producers in developing countries, and especially in the most vulnerable ones," he said.
The WTO chief said that because of these anomalies, those countries cannot fully benefit from their comparative advantages, and their agricultural revenues cannot properly contribute to gross domestic production, employment, rural development or livelihood security.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Big Insurance Companies Won t Be Big Insurance Companies Much Longer. Here s Whyreddit
As I wrote last week, one of the nation's biggest employers -- Boeing -- is pioneering a concept in providing health care benefits to its employees that eliminates insurance companies as middlemen.
What Boeing is doing represents a seismic shift in health care financing and delivery that potentially will have more far-reaching effects than Obamacare, primarily because it is coming from the private sector, not the government. It is a shift that the big health insurers have been anticipating and preparing for since long before the Affordable Care Act was enacted.
We tend to think that insurers with well-known brands like Aetna, Blue Cross, Cigna and UnitedHealthcare have been around forever and likely will always be with us as they are currently structured.
But the large corporations dominating the health insurance landscape bear little resemblance to the companies they were when they first appeared on the scene. Their current metamorphosis is just a continuation of a corporate evolution.
I'm not suggesting they will disappear, but I am willing to bet that in a few years, they will not be providing our health insurance coverage -- at least in the way they do now. Instead, they will have transformed into companies that make most if not all of their profits in non-insurance lines of businesses.
You only have to look back a few decades to see just how dramatically the big insurers remade themselves as a result of pressure from both Wall Street and the marketplace.
Take Humana, where I used to work, as an example. Humana began as a nursing home company in 1961. When I joined the company 27 years later, it had sold all of its nursing homes and become the world's largest hospital company. A few years later, it sold all of its hospitals and became Humana the managed care company.
I left Humana to join Cigna in 1993. Cigna, which started out as a fire and marine insurance company, had by then morphed into one of the world's largest multi-line insurance companies. Its peers were Aetna -- which initially was just a life insurer -- MetLife, Prudential and Travelers. All were selling health insurance by this time. But within a year or so after I joined Cigna, Wall Street decided that multi-line insurers were dinosaurs and insisted that the companies divest some of their businesses so they could focus on just one or two.
MetLife, Prudential and Travelers all sold their health care business and Aetna and Cigna decided to get out of the property and casualty business to focus on health care.
Over just the last 25 years, all of these companies had changed dramatically to concentrate on businesses that were deemed to be more profitable than other business lines that once defined them.
As for UnitedHealthcare and WellPoint, few people had even heard of them 25 years ago. But thanks to cash generated by the divestiture of their original non-insurance businesses, they were able to buy their way into managed care. They quickly ballooned in size to become the nation's largest health insurers.
Now that the profit margins of those big companies' core health insurance businesses are under intense pressure because of Obamacare and changes in the marketplace, you can rest assured that their top executives are at work on new transformation blueprints.
If you look at their websites, you'll be hard pressed to even find the word "insurance." They all are in the process of redefining their missions -- and looking outside of the U.S. for new opportunities. Rather than describing what they sell in any explicit way, they use vague language that seeks to describe what they have become or aspire to be and do.
Humana says its primary focus "is on the well-being of its members." Aetna says it is "transforming health care to create healthier communities, a healthier nation and a healthier world." How? By "creatively destroying the current business model to enable a new one," said CEO Mark Bertolini at a health care technology conference earlier this year.
Cigna CEO David Cordani says his team "is proud to serve as a catalyst for change in the more than 30 countries in which we operate around the world."
According to UnitedHealth Group's website, it is "the most diversified health care company in the United States and a leader worldwide in helping people live healthier lives..."
WellPoint says it is "working to transform health care with trusted and caring solutions."
Even the nonprofit Blue Cross plans are reinventing themselves. Florida's largest insurer, Florida Blue, earlier this month unveiled its new corporate parent, GuideWell. Said CEO Pat Geraghty at the Medifuture conference in Tampa: "We're not here to be the best plan in Florida. We're here to be the best health solutions company in the United States."
What all of those companies' executives understand is that if profit margins are to be maintained in the post-Obamacare world, finding greener pastures has once again become a necessity.
Follow Wendell Potter on Twitter: www.twitter.com/wendellpotter
More:
Boeing Prudential Insurance Unitedhealth Metlife Health Insurance Cigna UnitedHealth Group Aetna Humana Blue Cross Blue Shield Obamacare Health Care Reform Anthem Blue Cross Affordable Care Act Travelers Insurance Health Insurance Reform Wellpoint Mark Bertolini
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Europeans cruise to occupied territoryApparently Europeans do no take their governments’ warnings about doing business in occupied territories too seriously. A German-owned, Portuguese-flagged , Greek-based cruise ship, the Ocean Majesty , paid a port call to Yalta this week, in Russian-occupied Crimea. The 500 mostly German tourists had a nice day of sightseeing, to the outrage of Ukraine , which has passed a law banning such activities .
(The incident seems to be part of a pattern of German businesses being visibly active in Crimea .)
But as I show in my new paper, Economic Dealings With Occupied Territories (currently making the rounds among law review), international law does not ban economic activity with illegally annexed or administered territories. European government suggestions that “ economic activities (including services like tourism) entail [international] legal and economic risks” are not backed by actual law, and the German cruise operators know it. Alternately, they may know that if it is thought to be illegal, it is only in one specific context.
Certainly tourism and real estate in Turkish settlements in Occupied Cypriot Territory are heavily geared to European nationals in particular, as suggested by this photo of illegal settlement construction that somehow has not drawn the much international ire. (The photos are by Wilson Shirley, an undergraduate at Northwestern University who conducted research there this summer.)
I expect neither Portugal nor Greece nor Germany will act to block such cruises, underscoring the point. I would also be surprised if the cruise operators get a letter from the German foreign minister warning them of a potential violation of international law.
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

Fear factor: Investors are scared againAll markets and investing news all the time
Fear factor: Investors are scared again
By Paul R. La Monica September 22, 2014: 3:29 PM ET
Investors are getting nervous with stocks at all-time highs. But that may not be a bad thing.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul R. La Monica. Other than Time Warner, the parent of CNNMoney, Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie, La Monica does not own positions in any individual stocks.
It's not too late to find that perfect, fright-inducing Halloween costume. Might I suggest you go as a Wall Street trader?
Investors are once again pretty scared about where stocks are going next. CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index , which measures seven indicators of market sentiment, fell to "Extreme Fear" levels on Monday.
The move took place as tech stocks plunged and the VIX (VIX) , a gauge of volatility that is one of the components of the Fear & Greed Index, spiked more than 13%.
Now it may seem odd that the market is this jittery.
The Dow and S&P 500 are barely below the all-time highs they hit last week. The Federal Reserve has signaled that low interest rates are here to stay for awhile . And the Alibaba (BABA) IPO was a smashing success. What's not to love?
Related: What will make stocks go even higher?
But all those factors might be helping to create more fear.
With stocks continuing to march higher, you can understand why some investors are nervous about market valuations and are doing their best impersonation of the robot from "Lost in Space." (Danger, Will Robinson! Danger!)
The Fed's willingness to keep rates low also may be setting off some alarm bells among investors who are worried that the central bank is behind the curve in fighting inflation.
Long-term bond yields have been on the upswing after hitting their low point of the year in early August. (Is a month and-a-half a "considerable time?" Discuss.)
And the Alibaba IPO ? If you are at all worried about how 2014 is 2000 all over again, then let's just say that a 38% pop in shares of a Chinese e-commerce company that most investors have never used is pretty good ammunition for the bubble argument.
So should you be scared? Yes and no.
If you take a closer look at the indicators in our Fear & Greed Index, there are two in particular that are the most worrisome. Stock price strength and stock price breadth are both mired in Extreme Fear territory.
Related: Who's getting rich of the market? Probably not you
Price strength refers to how many stocks are hitting 52-week highs versus lows. The number of stocks at new peaks is not as high as it normally is as there has been an increase in the number of stocks dropping to 52-week lows. That's not good.
And on a related note, stock price breadth measures how many stocks are going up or down on a daily basis. Over the past month, a bigger chunk of trading activity took place with stocks that were declining than stocks that were heading higher. Also not good.
But it makes sense. My colleague Matt Egan has already pointed out that more than half of the stocks trading on the Nasdaq are actually down at least 20% from their 52-week high. That puts them in bear market territory.
What's that mean? The rally we've had this year has been pretty shallow. The big gains in the largest stocks on the market, companies like Apple (AAPL) , Facebook (FB) , Microsoft (MSFT) and Intel (INTC) are helping to lift the broader market.
Now here's the good news. The Fear & Greed Index has been in "Extreme Fear" mode several times this year, most notably in early August. But investors have shaken off these fears for the most part.
Many experts have talked about this bull market (which has now been going on since March 2009) as perhaps the most hated rally ever. There are many market skeptics who keep waiting for the rally to end.
The naysayers may eventually be right. But they've missed out on an amazing run in stocks while they've been sitting on the sidelines questioning the validity of it.
The return of some market volatility is arguably a good thing. Although the VIX is still at relatively low levels, it's slightly higher now than where it started the year. In 2013, when the Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq all surged to double-digit percentage gains, the VIX plunged nearly 25%.
The increased bumpiness may frighten away some investors who are taking too many speculative risks. And it may attract more investors who are hunting for bargains to buy following those proverbial dips.
So investors may have no real reason to be scared until the Fear & Greed Index starts to show signs of Extreme Greed again.
To twist that famous FDR quote, the only thing we have to fear is the absence of fear itself. Complacency is a much bigger cause for concern. We don't seem to have that here.

Billionaires Are Hoarding Mountains of Cash  Survey Showsbillionaires are hoarding mountains of cash  survey shows
A conundrum many of us wish we had: What to do with all that moneya conundrum many of us wish we had: what to do with all that money
Billionaires Are Hoarding Mountains of Cashbillionaires are hoarding mountains of cash
Why Oil Prices Are Dropping Despite Mideast Unrestreddit
Canada's oilpatch is basking in an extended sweet spot of sorts. Commodity prices aren't spiking in a way that's sure to sink the global economy, nor are they plumbing depths that would force small producers out of business and big players to start tightening their belts and cutting jobs. The global oil market, however, is changing and nowhere are the signs more evident than the reaction to what's happening in the Middle East.
In the past, military conflicts in the Middle East and the attendant threat of supply disruptions would send oil prices soaring. Today, oil prices are falling even as the region is seemingly unraveling. Civil wars are unfolding in Iraq, Syria, and Libya, atrocities by ISIS have the western world mounting military action, and Hamas and Israel are coming off arguably the most intense period of conflict in years. The region feels like a tinderbox. Oil supply has already suffered in Libya and Iraq and the threat of production losses is looming over other countries in the region.
Historically, such widespread unrest would have caused global oil prices to march higher, but instead of rising against the backdrop of heightened geopolitical risks, Brent, the global price benchmark, has recently sunk below $100 a barrel. Despite the unrest in the world's most important oil producing region, the price of Brent is now actually 16 percent lower than it was in June.
On one hand, the world's major oil consuming economies can let out a big sigh of relief. In the past, oil shocks emanating from the Middle East have led to devastating recessions. For investors in oil companies, though, the recent retreat in global crude prices raises a different question. If crude can't rally on what's happening in the Middle East, then what will it take to move prices higher? Does today's disconnect between global oil markets and the chaos that's gripping the region signal an end to the era of triple digit oil prices? If so, what are the consequences for North America's oil industry?
According to U.S. shale producers, it's the prolific production from the Bakken and the Eagle Ford that's taken the edge away from OPEC's market clout. Thanks to the contribution from unconventional plays, U.S. oil production is threatening to surpass the output from Russia and even Saudi Arabia. Although current U.S. law prohibits raw crude from being sold abroad, the sale of 3.5 million barrels a day of refined products such as gasoline and diesel is, ostensibly, helping to keep a cap on the price of oil elsewhere in the world.
It's a cute theory, but the real reason global oil prices are falling doesn't have much to do with a bump in the amount of refined products that are being exported from the U.S. In actuality, it's the same reason that coal prices have been cut in half over the last two years -- demand is no longer increasing at the rate it once was.
U.S. oil consumption, by far the largest in the world, has recently fallen to 18.6 million barrels a day, down from nearly 21 million prior to the last recession. European oil demand peaked more than 20 years ago and has fallen in each of the last five years. Even China's thirst for oil is diminishing as economic growth there shifts into a lower gear. The country's latest industrial production numbers were the weakest since 2008. Indeed, global oil demand forecasts are being cut by nearly everyone in the business, whether it's the International Energy Agency, the U.S. Energy Information Agency, or even OPEC.
If the trend towards weakening demand growth continues, there's only one direction for oil prices to go. It's the same direction that coal prices have already went. Newcastle spot prices, essentially the global benchmark price for coal, have fallen from a peak of more than $140 a ton in early 2011 to less than $70 a ton.
Tumbling prices have wreaked havoc in the industry. Coal companies have gone bankrupt, mines have closed and investors have seen their portfolios decimated. Since early 2011, coal giants such as Peabody Energy and Arch Coal have shed more than 80 percent of their market value. If crude prices end up mimicking, their fossil fuel cousin, prices could be heading as low as $40 to $60 a barrel in the not-too-distant future.
For the moment, it might seem like North America's unconventional production has relegated OPEC to the sidelines. That can easily happen in a world of $100 oil, because such high prices offer enough incentive for producers to bring on new supplies from expensive sources such as the Bakken or Alberta's oil sands. In a world of falling prices, however, it will be high cost production from shale formations and the oil sands, not the low cost conventional crude from places such as Saudi Arabia and Iran that will be hit the hardest. Investors in North America's oil sector need to ask themselves what happens when lower prices make those plays uneconomic.
Follow Jeffrey Rubin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jeffrubin
More:

Yoga trainer molests foreigner in RishikeshPrint
Express News Service | Dehradun | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:32 am
A foreigner woman was allegedly sexually assaulted by a yoga trainer at a hotel in Tapovan area of Rishikesh town in Tehri district. Trainer Manas, who was arrested late on Saturday night, was produced before a court on Sunday.
When contacted, Tehri SP Mohsin Mukhtar said a group of six foreign women had reached Rishikesh and were staying in a hotel in Tapovan area. He added one of them expressed her desire to learn yoga before the hotel authority.
“Manas, who is an employee of the same hotel, is also a yoga instructor,” he said. Later, police swung into action after getting information about the incident.  “We arrested the yoga instructor and sent him to jail,” SP Mukhtar said and added that a case had been lodged.

Gyms and spas may have to meet hygiene  safety normsPrint
Written by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:28 am
Gymnasiums, spas and beauty parlours are likely to be classified as clinical establishments under an Act that prescribes the minimum standards of facilities and services provided by such wellness centres. If implemented, these wellness centres would have to maintain minimum safety and hygiene standards, keep customer records in a prescribed format and register themselves with the National/State Council of Clinical Establishments set up under the Act.
The Health Ministry has invited comments from the stakeholder on the draft rules suggested under the Clinical Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act 2010, which was notified in 2012, two years after it was passed by Parliament. The last date for submitting the feedback is October 9. A 20-member National Council headed by the director general health services was set up soon after the notification of the Act.
This is the first time that a concerted effort is being made to regulate establishments like gyms and beauty parlours from a health point of view, setting minimum standards of equipment, personnel and services. Currently, only local municipal and police authorities grant relevant licences to these establishments with no check on the quality of services.
Any establishment that breaks the rules could be fined Rs 10,000, if the nature of the violation was not life threatening. A serious violation of the rules could even lead to cancellation of the registration. Running an unregistered centre could invite penalties ranging from Rs 50,000 to Rs 5 lakh.
According to the rules framed under the Act, a wellness centre has been defined as a “healthcare facility that provides scientifically proven physical interventions with positive outcomes for improvement or maintenance of (a) physical form (b) promotion of body functions and health lifestyles (c) enhancement of beauty as perceived by the customer.”
The types of establishments that fit that bill are gymnasiums, spas, skin, hair and cosmetic centres, beauty salon, fitness, nutrition therapy centres and those promising cures through naturopathy or Ayush.
The rules also lay down minimum standards for hospitals which have been bundled into four levels — level 1 that provides primary healthcare services including obstetrics and gynaecology and has a bed strength of upto 30, level 2 that provides secondary healthcare facilities, level 3 that provides multi-speciality clinical care and level 4 which is a teaching hospital.
While the specific regulations differ for each level but availability of drugs of consumables has been made mandatory. Standards have also been set for mobile clinics, stem cell laboratories and physiotherapy centres.
Elaborate standards have also been set for 34 super speciality centres with checklists provided for the minimum equipments and drugs that should be available at these centres that include those providing imaging facilities like PET, CT and Doppler, dental services and psychiatry services.
In addition, standard treatment guidelines that are the very basis of medical standards in the West have for the first time been finalised for 20 specialities in India.

WATCH: Surfer Picks The WORST Spot To Check The Wavesreddit
Looking over a rocky cliff to check the surf can put you in a whimsical state of zen. That is, unless a rogue wave crashes a tower of water over your tiny human body.
In a clip posted on Vimeo by Stab Magazine aptly titled, " A different kind of wash ," a titanic wave seems to explode out of nowhere over an unsuspecting surfer.
Miraculously, the surfer survived and it was all caught on camera.
Words to the wise: Stay out of the splash zone:
To hear the surfer's friend laugh inappropriately at the unfortunate situation, watch the full video at Vimeo .

Is this rock bottom for Virginia real estate Office owners can only hopeBy Jonathan O'Connell September 21 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
This may be the worst time in the past 25 years to own an office building in Northern Virginia. At least one with space to lease.
After mostly uninhibited growth since the early 1980s — a run that produced some of America’s wealthiest counties — there are red flags popping up from Arlington all the way to Stafford County.
Consider: More than one-third of all the office space along Interstate 395 is empty. Thirteen entire buildings sit completely empty along Route 28. In Rosslyn, the biggest building in the region hasn’t found a single taker. Experts say the area is suffering from the same flat leasing environment as the District and suburban Maryland, but with some other heavy factors unique to the commonwealth piling on.
Thirty percent of the office space in Rosslyn is empty. (Photo by Jeffrey MacMillan)
Defense cuts — beginning with the Pentagon’s Base Realignment and Closure Commission and continuing with sequestration — have led to drastic space reductions and spending cutbacks. Contractors have been forced to cut their staffs.
Worse, there is a surplus of buildings in car-centric locations so disliked by millennials that some wouldn’t be caught dead taking jobs there. Five years after the recession, the paradigm has shifted so swiftly that some of the aging suburban office parks may have to just be torn down.
“It is becoming apparent that some older buildings may never lease again,” said Nate Edwards, director of research at the real estate services firm Cassidy Turley.
There are reasons for optimism, among them the Silver Line, the possible need for more defense spending and some burgeoning tech hubs. But tell that to one of the leasing agents trying to land a deal — and don’t expect a smile in return.
Numbers tell a story
According to real estate data firm CoStar Group, there are 40 office buildings in Northern Virginia that are either completely empty or less than 1 percent occupied.
Vacancy in Northern Virginia. (Courtesy Cassidy Turley)
One-third of the buildings are along Route 28, a road running southwest from Interstate 66 past Washington Dulles International Airport that features some of the area’s most frequent congestion and brutal commutes .
In the past, landlords in outer-lying areas such as Route 28 have relied heavily on government contractors, but these are exactly the kind of locations that companies have been looking to close amid spending cuts. Some tenants are leaving space even though there is still rent to pay.
“In a contractor-dominant market, spending cuts have a ripple effect,” said Scott Homa, vice president for research at JLL. “You don’t need to look very far along the Toll Road or Route 28 to find cases of prime contractors just handing back the keys to leased space and consolidating their operations elsewhere.”
In turn, publicly traded real estate companies such as First Potomac Realty Trust are aggressively moving away from outer areas like Route 28.
The most disconcerting statistic, Homa said, may be Northern Virginia’s absorption — the rate at which rentable space is filled or vacated. In the past 25 years, Northern Virginia has had only three years when more space was vacated than leased, meaning it had negative absorption for the year. It has now had negative absorption more than three years running, unlike other competing markets.
Some of the oldest buildings in congested locations may have to be torn down to maximize the value of the land they are on, according to Edwards. He said more than 60 percent of offices in Northern Virginia is more than 20 years old.
“We are already seeing the ramifications of this as office buildings across the market are being torn down or retrofitted to make way for residential,” he said.
But it isn’t all older buildings in the exurbs that are suffering. Seven of the 40 empty buildings were built or underwent major renovations in the past decade. In Tysons, many of the moves to buildings near the newly opened Silver Line have been from older buildings nearby, often for less space. And some of the highest vacancy rates are in what has become a favorite of developers and investors for a decade: Arlington.
Looking to reinvent neighborhoods
Aside from Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) referring  to it as “soulless,” Arlington has been considered a model suburb  by developers in recent years, as it won a series of awards for its planning efforts that led investors to bet big on new office buildings there.
Arlington has Metro stations, highway access, an increasing number of restaurants and highly rated schools. What company wouldn’t want to locate there?
But with the region undergoing such a dramatic move back to urban areas, sometimes even neighborhoods such as the Rosslyn-Ballston corridor feel too far off the beaten path. Touted for its lively neighborhoods around Metro’s Orange Line, the area’s office market has been in near free fall recently. Between 22 and 23 percent of all the office space in Arlington County – more than 8 million square feet — is vacant. That is nearly triple the rate in 2010.
Vacancy in Rosslyn is even higher — 29.7 percent, according to Cassidy Turley. The county’s largest building, at 1812 N. Moore in Rosslyn, is completely empty  10 months after completion. Government agencies, including the National Science Foundation and the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Services, are departing for less pricey Northern Virginia digs.
The soon-to-be former headquarters of the National Science Foundation at Stafford Place in Ballston.
In the short term, Christina Winn, director of business investment for Arlington Economic Development, is battling to keep the companies she has. Among them is Opower, a software company that has become the darling of the county’s tech sector — even landing a visit from President Obama — but which is considering a move to the District to better recruit talent.
But in the long-term, Winn said she is thinking about how to reinvent neighborhoods to the point where high-end buildings such as 1812 N. Moore can get the higher rents they’ve been seeking.
“The vacancy is obviously not where we want it to be,” Winn said recently. “But it creates a really clear and interesting opportunity to shape where Arlington wants to be in 30 years.”
That’s certainly the hope in Crystal City, where vacancy is 26.7 percent — and there is a long way to go to recover from heavy losses in the most recent round of base closures and realignments.
Vornado Realty Trust, by far the neighborhood’s biggest property owner, is making a long-term play to overhaul the area as a hub for tech companies. But there are still buildings to lease — 21 of them. Steven Roth, the company’s chairman and chief executive, laid out the situation on an investors’ call in August.
“Basically, we have a fair amount of empty space in the Washington marketplace,” Roth said. “Our competitors or brethren or whatever you want to call the rest of the marketplace also has empty space. We — from a policy point of view, we will be competitive, okay? We will not let our competitors take away our tenants, and we will fight for each piece of business.”
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

French company wants to challenge Google Glass with priceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Silva in line to revamp Brazils politicsLike Lula, Marina Silva can refresh Brazil’s tired politics
By Misha Glenny
How Marina Silva has set Brazil’s election on fire, writes Misha Glenny
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e929176e-3f5b-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The U.S. Is So  So Far Behind Europe on Clean EnergyA wind turbine, in Germany of course.
Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images
With the United Nations Climate Summit near at hand, the Energy Information Administration has published a short, chartified reminder of just how far the United States is behind Europe when it comes to generating no-carbon electricity. Behold—we're the stumpy bar at the bottom.
And for a sense of progress, here's what the chart looked like in 2002.
Advertisement
While most of the countries that produce at least half of their power from zero-carbon sources rely heavily on nuclear and hydroelectric power, the U.S. has been slow to convert its power sources to renewables like wind, solar, or biomass. The transition hasn't gone smoothly all over Europe; in Germany, the cost of going green has been immense enough that Der Spiegel ran a feature titled " How Electricity Became a Luxury Good ." Still, you can get a quick sense of how much catching up we have to do.  
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

Norway oil fund urged to adopt new modelNorway’s $880bn oil fund urged to adopt new management model
By Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3bb5004-4265-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How Irelands Nama moved centre stageHow Ireland’s Nama moved centre stage
By Vincent Boland
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f188ef88-4235-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sanctions scupper Total/Lukoil ventureSanctions scupper Total/Lukoil venture
By Anjli Raval in London, Jack Farchy in Moscow and Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/49fba004-424d-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Joseph McNamara: An appreciationBy Radley Balko September 22 Follow @radleybalko
It’s a sad irony that we’ve lost Joseph McNamara just as the country has become engaged in a productive and overdue discourse about policing. McNamara, who passed away Friday at the age of 79, was an eloquent and engaging critic of the drug war, of reactionary and aggressive policing, and of the militarization of law enforcement long before those positions were popular.
McNamara’s voice was particularly important for a variety of reasons. First and foremost, he had 35 years of policing experience, rising through the ranks from beat cop in Harlem to police chief in both Kansas City, Mo., and San Jose, Calif. Second, because his politics were well to the right of most law-enforcement critics, McNamara held more sway with lawmakers and policymakers. From his post-retirement perch at the conservative Hoover Institution, McNamara was a lonely voice of dissent on the right in the 1990s (along with Milton Friedman), as the law-and-order faction moved to vastly expand the search and seizure powers of police, increase penalties for drug crimes, and infuse crime fighting with martial rhetoric and militarized weaponry.
But most importantly, McNamara wasn’t just a pundit. As a police chief, he actually implemented the de-militarization and community policing policies he advocated, and to great success.
McNamara began his career as a patrol officer in Harlem in the 1960s, where he walked a beat with one of the highest crime rates in the country. In an interview with me for my book a couple of years ago, McNamara said his time in Harlem affected the way he looked at policing for the rest of his career. “I can’t overstate how important it was for me to walk that beat,” he said. “It made me invested in the lives of the people who lived in those neighborhoods. I got to know them. It gave me a stake in their well-being.”
McNamara worked his way up through the NYPD, achieving the rank of lieutenant before accepting a criminal justice fellowship at Harvard. Under the fellowship, he studied the effects of a methadone clinic on his old beat, which spurred his interest in drug policy. He went on to earn a doctorate in public administration from Harvard. McNamara’s dissertation looked at how law enforcement handled drug use in the United States before and after the 1914 Harrison Narcotics Act. After completing his doctorate, he returned to the NYPD as a deputy inspector in charge of crime analysis.
In 1973, McNamara was appointed police chief in Kansas City. There, he quickly learned that reforming law enforcement is as much about politics as it is about experience, training and policy. At one of his first press conferences, a reporter asked McNamara’s opinion about the city police policy of allowing cops to shoot at fleeing felony suspects. McNamara said he thought the policy was outdated and needed to be changed. He could see using lethal force against a fleeing suspect for a crime like murder, but he couldn’t endorse a blanket policy that allowed cops to shoot people suspected of nonviolent felonies. Then came the follow-up question: Was McNamara aware that his immediate predecessor, Clarence Kelley, favored the blanket policy?
“Kelley was a legend,” McNamara told me in our interview. “I got the job because he had just been appointed to replace Hoover at the FBI. So shortly after taking the job, I had just contradicted the most popular chief in the city’s history.”
A week later, a Kansas City police officer shot and killed an unarmed 15-year-old fleeing a routine break-in at an empty home. McNamara did some research and found that his new city had one of the highest rates of police shootings in the country. So he changed the lethal force policy. That didn’t win him much favor with his new department. After three years in which he encountered tumult among the rank-and-file but results on the streets, he was appointed police chief for San Jose, Calif.
McNamara led the San Jose Police Department for 15 years. There he resisted the aggressive, militaristic trends brought on by the drug war in the 1980s. He embraced community policing, and showed little tolerance for misconduct and excessive force by his officers. By the time McNamara retired in 1991, San Jose had surpassed San Francisco to become the most populous city in northern California. And for the last three years of McNamara’s tenure, San Jose had the lowest crime rate of any big city (cities with 400,000 or more people) in the United States. In 1990, the crime rate in San Jose was 60 percent of the crime rate in San Diego, half that of San Francisco, and a quarter of the rate in Los Angeles. McNamara pulled this off with one of the smallest per capita police departments in the United States.
McNamara’s success in San Jose gave him credibility in the law-enforcement community, and his position at Hoover gave him credibility on the right. In an era when conservative pundits and politicians were issuing alarming (and unfounded) warnings about “superpredators,” suggesting we suspend habeas corpus for drug dealers (or that we just go ahead and execute them), proposing that we exile addicts on remote islands, and passing crime policies based on sports metaphors, McNamara was advocating restraint, community-oriented policing and respect for the Constitution. In my book, I wrote about one particularly compelling event he hosted at Hoover that predates today’s debate about police militarization by nearly 20 years. Here’s an excerpt:
Early Monday morning, the chief of detectives requests an urgent meeting with the police chief. At the meeting he tells the police chief that the department’s top narc, Detective Eveready, has gathered intelligence indicating that “Mad Dog Brown,” one of the city’s more well-known drug dealers, has obtained a large shipment of rock cocaine. Mad Dog, who is credited by police with killing a number of rival dealers after giving them a mad dog look, has said he will never be taken alive. The intelligence indicates that Mad Dog has obtained enough rock cocaine to supply the city’s drug users for a month. He is reportedly held up in a fortified apartment on the third floor of a public housing project and surrounded by colleagues armed with military-type assault rifles.
That was the scenario Joseph McNamara set up to kick off the afternoon panel he was moderating for a groundbreaking drug policy conference at the Hoover Institution. McNamara was a fellow at Hoover, a conservative think tank affiliated with Stanford University, and this conference was his baby. More than 100 police chiefs, judges, prosecutors, civil rights and civil liberties leaders, drug treatment professionals, and academics had gathered for the event, which was covered by C-SPAN. It was likely the first event of its kind — and if not, it was certainly the most high-profile. McNamara — who had 35 years in law enforcement — himself had become a critic of the drug war. But the Hoover name gave the event some credibility with conservatives and law enforcement officials. Speakers included Milton Friedman, former Secretary of State George Schultz, Baltimore Mayor Kurt Schmoke, Baltimore Police Commissioner Thomas Frazier, Ed Messe, California Judge James Gray, San and Jose, California Mayor Susan Hammer . . .
McNamara’s co-panelists were Los Angeles Police Chief Bernard Parks, U.S. District Judge Robert Sweet, San Jose Mayor Hammer, defense attorney Ron Rose, San Francisco District Attorney Terence Hallinan, ACLU Executive Director Ira Glasser, former Santa Clara, California NAACP director Tommy Fulcher, and Robert Garner, of the Drug Abuses Services Bureau in Santa Clara.
After laying out the hypothetical, McNamara turned to Chief Parks. What was his next move? Parks responded that he’d attempt to verify the tip. If it checked out, he’d sent in the SWAT team. McNamara asked about the sort of ammunition the SWAT team used. Weren’t their bullets capable of going through walls? “They’ll go through a car engine two blocks away,” Parks answered. McNamara then changed the hypothetical. What if it wasn’t crack, but marijuana? Would he still send in an armed-to-the-teeth SWAT team? Parks said he would. What if it was a shipment of bootlegged Valium? Still with the SWAT team. Black market booze? SWAT Team.
Mayor Hammer was up next. What was her role in overseeing the police department? Would she be comfortable with her own police department conducting a heavy-handed SWAT in a crowded housing complex over illegal Valium? Hammer replied that her job was “to support the chief,” not to question him. If the raid had gone overly poorly with the public, she might go on TV to reassure the city. She added that she doubted such raids did anything at all to reduce the drug supply, that the raid needed to be carried out anyway. “I don’t know how you don’t do the raid and have any credibility with the community.”
McNamara then turned to DA Hallinan. He too said it wasn’t his job to question police tactics. Even if he thought the raid was too dangerous or an unnecessary use of force, he’d keep his opinions to himself. It just wasn’t his job to tell the police chief whether or not he thought a raid was appropriate.
McNamara also asked Sweet, the federal judge, if he’d sign a warrant to make the raid a “no-knock” in each of the various hypotheticals. Since Nixon first pushed the no-knock policy, politicians and police officials had stated over and over again that the tactic would be monitored and patrolled by the judges who would be required to sign off on the search warrants. Sweet said that while he worried about the drug war’s erosion of the Fourth Amendment, he and most judges typically didn’t second-guess or provide much scrutiny to affidavits requesting no-knock search warrants. After the fact, they might hear a defendant’s argument that contraband seized in the raid should be suppressed because the raid was unreasonable, but in his experience, judges rarely gave any consideration to whether the use of a SWAT team and paramilitary, “volatile entry” tactics were an appropriate use of force given the nature of the crime under investigation.
It went on like that. Even Glasser and Fulcher, the civil liberties activists, said they’d become involved only if they received complaints from residents of the housing complex about police misconduct after the raid. They likely wouldn’t devote any resources to criticizing the tactics themselves. Garner, the panelist with an extensive public health background and who ran Santa Clara’s, added that police in his community had never in his career consulted him about the extent of the drug problem in Santa Clara, be it about which drugs are most prevalent, which drugs present more of a public health threat than others, or what sorts of policies would best minimize the harm caused by addiction.
Finally, McNamara asked the panel: If the drug raid was a complete and total success, resulting in a confiscation of “Mad Dog’s” entire stash, with no casualties to police, suspects, or citizens, would it have any impact on drug abuse in your city? All but Chief Parks said no.
The police chief of the second largest city in America had just told the audience that he was willing to use extraordinary force to confiscate a supply of illegal drugs. It was a level of force that could well result in innocent victims, and indeed by that point already had, countless times. What’s more, he added that what drug he was pursuing and how much actual harm that drug caused had no relevance on the amount of force he elected to use. Every public official on the panel who had the power to check that decision then told the same audience that they had no interest in second guessing the chief’s decision. During a question-and-answer session after the panel, the public officials in the audience basically reaffirmed what the panelists had just said.
“It really showed the extent of the problem,” McNamara says. “You get this robot mentality with these officials. The mayor said she knew nothing about these raids, and didn’t want to know anything about them until they were over. The judge wasn’t interested in scrutinizing the raid until it was over — when any damage would already be done. Everyone else said it wasn’t their job to worry about it. And so you end up with this dangerous decision that gets made by people of lower rank with little training, with little incentive to care much about constitutional rights, with no oversight — no checks or balances. Collateral damage is just part of the game.”
In a paper on the conference McNamara later submitted to the International Congress on Alcohol and Drug Dependence, he concluded: “The session revealed that public officials, judges, mayors, district attorneys, police chiefs, public health directors, and community leaders rarely, if ever, meet as a group to discuss urban drug control goals and problems. And they never meet to discuss police drug raids unless something goes awry . . . Each of the panelists indicated a sensitivity to problems of drug control, appropriate police conduct, and public safety but felt that his or her role was basically compartmentalized.”
McNamara continued to speak out on hot-button police issues over the years, from Prop 19 to Sean Bell to Amadou Diallo to Abner Louima to “three strikes” laws to the realpolitik of statistics-based policing. He’s been an outspoken advocate of policies that emphasize community-oriented policing and restraint, of ending the drug war, and of drawing down on militarization. He was one of the first on the political right to advocate for restoring the voting rights of nonviolent felons . He has written candidly about racial bias in policing , and was warning about government snooping on electronic communications back in 1999 .
I haven’t always agreed with him. I’ve always been particularly puzzled by this column, for example. I also thought McNamara gave far too much credit to “broken windows” policing , and had far more tolerance for policies like stop-and-frisk than is warranted. But even here, McNamara’s time walking a beat in Harlem infused him with an appreciation of the effects those policies have on minority communities and on the relationships between those communities and the police. It’s clear that he supported those policies because he believed they worked — that is, they protected those communities from crime, and led to a better standard of living. So he’d struggle to reconcile his empathy for the innocent victims of a policy like stop-and-frisk with his belief that the policy is still a net gain for black communities, as he does in this column . Agree with him or not, there was never any doubt that McNamara had considered how a policing policy affected people on both sides of the badge.
McNamara’s last column was a response to the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., and the police reaction to the subsequent protests. McNamara had been in poor health for several years. I have no idea if he knew this would be his last column, but it’s certainly a fitting coda to his career as a public intellectual. It’s also rather moving. The column draws upon the first major crisis McNamara encountered as a law enforcement leader — the fatal officer-involved shooting of a 15-year-old shortly after he took the job in Kansas City — before turning to Ferguson.
I was then the youngest big-city police chief in America, having just arrived from New York City, where I had been a deputy inspector in the New York Police Department during a high-crime period. But I had no real honeymoon in Missouri.
Just a few days after I took charge, on a crystal clear day in 1973, a uniformed officer responded to a daylight break-in of a home. The officer raised his shotgun and fired at a youth running away. He killed Rory Lark, age 15, unarmed and slight, at 115 pounds.
The Kansas City Star filled its entire front page with an image of Lark, an angelic school photo of the youngster who looked to be a skinny 10-year-old. If you had a heart, you had to be touched.
If Lark had received any punishment, it would likely have been a week in juvenile hall. As a gesture of sympathy to the black community, I attended his funeral in civilian clothes. The officer was reprimanded and transferred.
Reasonable people, black and white, didn’t want to hear how the law was complicated, or how a new chief was not responsible for the boy’s death. So we waited through the night to see if the city would burn. It didn’t. The next day, however, pickets appeared in front of police headquarters demanding, in none-too-polite language, that I should go back to New York.
Kansas City’s black community wanted to know, Why had this boy died for a nonviolent crime? My police department responded quickly: He should not have been fired upon.
I reminded the media that I had announced in my first news conference as chief that I didn’t believe officers should use their firearms unless there was imminent danger to human life. I planned to rewrite the firearms policy, I had declared, so that officers were officially ordered not to fire except under those circumstances.
As soon as possible, we announced the official new policy. It prohibited police officers from firing at unarmed suspects. We cut back on all police use of military gear. We invited local community leaders to help shape police responses.
In the wake of the new policy, police shootings fell dramatically, and crime declined as local leadership joined with police in speaking out against crime.
The Lark shooting, remarkably similar to Ferguson today, offers lessons we can learn.
The bit about attending Lark’s funeral is particularly striking. Note McNamara’s social awareness here, and his willingness to humble himself to comfort the boy’s family. McNamara felt obligated to attend the funeral, yet recognized the offense he might give by attending in uniform. Yes, it’s small gesture. But it’s a gesture that reveals an abundant capacity for empathy — a trait too often lacking in modern policing . McNamara’s final column goes on to advocate for demilitarization, transparency, and the use of body cameras. He then included this line:
Officer safety should never supersede democratic policing, where police officers adhere to their role as public servants willing to take reasonable risks to protect and serve.
That too is a sentiment often lost in modern policing .
On a personal level, I’ve run ideas by McNamara over the years, and have asked him for comments and criticism of my work. He was always eager to help. He was kind, gracious and gregarious, even when pointing out where he believed I was misguided. That’s also the approach he took with those with whom he strongly disagreed, which is probably why he was so effective as an advocate. His opinions were backed by experience, and he rarely resorted to cheap shots or posturing to advocate them. Today, we’re seeing so many conservative intellectuals and politicians embrace criminal justice reform, decry police militarization and advocate prison reform that it’s easy to forget there was a time when voices like McNamara’s were almost nonexistent on the right. There’s no question that his leadership was the seed for groups like Right on Crime, or for the positions staked out by politicians like Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.).
McNamara was a powerful voice for drug-policy reform, a role model for effective, community-oriented policing, and a man who advanced those causes with intellectual honesty and integrity. His death is a loss for drug war reformers, for law enforcement and for civil public discourse in general.
He did at least live long enough to see some real progress on the issues for which he had advocated for most of his life. I hope that in his last days, he understood he could take credit for some of that progress. I hope he knew that he had made a difference.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Having antifreeze for blood can backfireBy Rachel Feltman September 22 Follow @rachelfeltman
Antifreeze proteins might be antimelt, too. (Paul Cziko)
In the icy waters of the Antarctic, most of the native fish have special proteins in their blood that act like antifreeze. The proteins bind to ice crystals, keeping them small to prevent the formation of fish popsicles.  New research in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences reports that these antifreeze crystals have one downside: They don't melt when temperatures warm.
In the relatively warm waters of the Antarctic summer, the researchers found, the fish still had ice crystals in their blood. When ice stays solid above its usual melting point, it's "superheated" — and this may be the first example of the phenomenon observed in nature. So in addition to keeping all of the fish's liquids from freezing, the proteins were keeping those controlled ice crystals from melting.
If the ice crystals don't disappear in the summer, where do they go? That remains unclear. It's possible, the researchers report, that a life-long accumulation of ice crystals could be dangerous, or even fatal — but for n0w, they haven't observed any obvious effects.
It does make sense that there would be some downsides to an ever-increasing number of antifreeze crystals in ones blood. If the fish really do spend their entire lives fighting to keep the crystals at bay, the researchers wrote in their study, it would be a fascinating evolutionary tale: This adaptation had made the family of fish great at surviving in Antarctica compared to other species, but might cause a host of health problems in return.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Precious commodity: From energy to paint  stocks to gain from fall in pricesPrecious commodity: From energy to paint  stocks to gain from fall in prices
Union Bank of India enrols 9 500 villagers in Gujarat under financial inclusion planUnion Bank of India enrols 9 500 villagers in Gujarat under financial inclusion plan
BOND REPORT: Treasurys Climb As Investors Fret Over ChinaBOND REPORT: Treasurys Climb As Investors Fret Over China
The muslim candidate inmaharashtraPrint
Written by Zeeshan Shaikh | Mumbai | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:02 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 11:18 am
Their community may be demanding greater political representation, but Muslim candidates drew fewer votes from one election to the next in Maharashtra, figures for the last two assembly polls show. The number of Muslim candidates rose from 265 in 2004 to 395 in 2009, while the proportion of votes they polled fell from 4.48 per cent to 3.88 per cent.
More seats, Fewer votes | Create Infographics
Muslims constitute 10.6 per cent of the state’s population and play a decisive role in over 40 of its 288 seats. Yet the four major parties nominated only 20 Muslims in 2004 and 18 in 2009, apparently because Muslim candidates have traditionally attracted fewer voters than non-Muslims have. In 2004, for instance, every non-Muslim candidate polled an average 16,557 votes, more than twice as many as every Muslim candidate’s 7,077. The gap widened to three times in 2009 with non-Muslims polling an average 13,766 votes and Muslims 4,453.
Political leaders accept in private that it is difficult for a Muslim candidate to find wide acceptability across voter communities. “It is a fact that a Muslim candidate has less acceptability among the voters, particularly if he is not standing from a minority-dominated constituency. As bad as it may sound, it is true that not many people are keen to vote for a Muslim candidate,” said a senior Congress leader who did not wish to be named.
The Congress has fielded only 25 Muslims in the last two elections, the NCP 10, the Shiv Sena two and the BJP one. The bulk of the 660 Muslim candidates has contested either from smaller parties or as independents. The number of Muslim candidates from smaller parties grew from 112 to 130, and the number of Muslim independents from 133 to 247.

In BJP-Shiv Sena rift lies a possible opening forMNSPrint
Written by Manoj Dattatrye More | Mumbai | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:56 am
If the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance snaps, it will open up the possibility of Raj Thackeray’s MNS tying up with the former. Bala Nandgaokar, considered Raj’s right-hand man, said the party is in fact open to forming an alliance with either party if it makes the approach, but other MNS leaders don’t expect such a move from the Shiv Sena, leaving the BJP as the likelier option.
Two of the BJP-Sena mahayuti’s smaller allies, the Raju Shetti-led Swabhimani Paksh and the Rashtriya Samaj Paksh of Mahadeo Jankar, too, signalled their readiness to explore new alignments, though unlike the MNS they did not show a preference for one major party over the other.
“So far, we have not received any offer from anybody (from Sena or BJP),” Nandgaokar told The Indian Express. “If we do receive any offer for a poll alliance, we are not averse to joining hands with them.”
MNS leaders referred to the bitter war of words between the Thackeray cousins during the Lok Sabha elections and discounted the possibility any approach from Uddhav Thackeray’s party after that. One leader said the possibility of a BJP-led alliance cannot be ruled out as such an effort had been made during the Lok Sabha elections when senior BJP leader Nitin Gadkari had met Raj Thackeray to “prevent division of Marathi votes”.
Asked about the possibility of a BJP-led alliance including Swabhimani Paksh and Rashtriya Samaj Paksh, Nandgaokar said, “We are not sure what is happening with the mahayuti. If such an alliance (BJP-led) comes into being, it will certainly be one to reckon with.”
He denied, however, that the MNS is waiting for the alliance to snap so that it can form a new one. “We are not waiting for their alliance to break up. We want to focus on the growth of our party across Maharashtra. So we won’t mind if no alliance emerges,” Nangaokar said. “Look at the BJP-Sena alliance. They claim that they have been together for 25 years. But after 25 years, they are not even able to strike a coordination nor are they in a position to contest the election on their own in all 288 seats.”
So, how many seats does the MNS plan to contest if it goes it alone? “We are ready with a list of 175. We will soon finalise 50 ot 55 more seats. In all, we will be in a position to contest 225 seats,” Nandgaokar said.
Meanwhile, Raju Shetti and Mahadev Jankar both told The Indian Express their parties would contest jointly if the Shiv Sena and the BJP should fail to reach an understanding. They had given the two majors an ultimatum to decide their sharing arrangement by Monday evening.
“If one of these parties decides to form a new alliance, we may consider the possibility of joining it,” said Shetti.  But Jankar added, “We can team up after the elections if no alliance is possible now.”

Concern over tourists getting conned in MysoreUpdated: September 23, 2014 03:22 IST
Concern over tourists getting conned in Mysore
Laiqh A. Khan
Signboards will soon come up in Mysore cautioning tourists against conmen palming off fake goods as sandalwood items and silk sarees. Photo: M.A. Sriram
TOPICS
Karnataka
A German national recently approached the city police with a complaint that he had been palmed off with a piece of bronze in name of an antique statue for Rs. 40,000 by a shopkeeper on Bangalore–Nilgiri Road in the city.
Though the police swung into action immediately and ensured that the foreigner received a refund, there is concern among the authorities as well as tourism industry stakeholders over the growing instances of tourists getting conned. Chairman of Mysore Dasara’s Tourism Subcommittee Sudhakar Shetty feared that the menace would only increase in the Dasara season if corrective steps were not taken.
Tourists are keen on taking home the famed sandalwood items and silk saris of Mysore.
“But, many of them become victims of tricksters who sell them fakes. These conmen are a blot on the reputation of Mysore,” he said. Unfortunately, many victims realise that they have been cheated only after they leave the city leaving little hope for redressal.
City Police Commissioner M.A. Saleem said complaints would immediately be addressed.
Citing the German national’s case, Mr. Saleem said the shopkeeper had passed off the piece of bronze stating that it was an antique statue. “When we checked, we found that the antique item was no more than a piece of bronze. We got the complainant a refund,” he said.

Alibaba IPO hits record $25bnAlibaba IPO hits record $25bn
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong and Nicole Bullock in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f97cc70-4208-11e4-a7b3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1rhVXwbFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Study: Recovery eludes long-term unemployed
More than a fifth of Americans laid off the past five years remain jobless and one in four who found work is in a temporary job, Rutgers University researchers report.
Post to Facebook
Study: Recovery eludes long-term unemployed More than a fifth of Americans laid off the past five years remain jobless and one in four who found work is in a temporary job, Rutgers University researchers report. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sgqWwi
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
66
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Study: Recovery eludes long-term unemployed
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 5:31 a.m. EDT September 22, 2014
A job recruiter meets with employment seekers during a job fair in Philadelphia in June.
(Photo: Matt Rourke AP)
739 CONNECT 308 TWEET 66 LINKEDIN 66 COMMENTEMAILMORE
More than 20% of Americans laid off the past five years are still unemployed and one in four who found work is in a temporary job, according to a survey out Monday.
The report underscores that despite a sharp drop in long-term unemployment recently, many people out of work at least six months are still struggling to recoup their former wages and lifestyles. Those idled for years face an even tougher road back to employment.
"While the worst effects of the Great Recession are over for most Americans, the brutal realities of diminished living standards endure for the 3 million American workers who remain jobless years after they were laid off," says Carl Van Horn, director of the Heldrich Center for Workforce Development at Rutgers University.
The center conducted the survey of 1,153 Americans, about 300 of them long-term unemployed, from July 24 to Aug. 3.
The ranks of the long-term unemployed have fallen by 31% the past year to 3 million. But many of those hired are in temporary or part-time slots, or full-time positions that pay less than their previous salaries.
Forty-three percent of all the unemployed people surveyed were looking for part-time work over the summer, while only 26% sought full-time jobs, a reversal of the findings from the center's previous survey in January 2013.
"I think it's a reflection of the work available to them," Van Horn says. "The labor market is changing." Many employers have converted full-time jobs to part-time or temporary ones to increase efficiency and cut costs.
Workers fortunate enough to land full-time jobs often take significant pay cuts. Forty-six percent of those who found jobs after being laid off said their new job pays less than their previous one.
The financial hardship is greatest for those struggling with long-term unemployment. More than four in 10 sold possessions to make ends meet. More than a fifth moved in with friends or family. And nearly a third missed a mortgage or rent payment.
Nearly half of those out of work at least six months during the past five years estimate it will take three to 10 years to recover financially from the recession.
Despite their struggles, many of the chronically jobless do not benefit from government assistance, the survey shows. Just 38% are receiving unemployment insurance, and 83% of those who did get benefits lost them before finding another job. Last December, the federal government cut off benefits beyond the 26 weeks provided by states.
Most of those laid off during and after the recession received no other government assistance. Twenty-eight percent of the long-term unemployed get food stamps, the survey shows. But just 9% get help looking for a job and 4% are enrolled in a government-funded training program.
"The programs are not well-funded and a lot of people are not aware of them," Van Horn says.
739 CONNECT 308 TWEET 66 LINKEDIN 66 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sgqWwi
USA NOW
Marion Barry, former D.C. mayor, passes away at age 78
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1uzehRvFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dangerous gas leaks- a special report
The USA TODAY Network is releasing an investigative report on Sept. 23 about the dangers of aging, leak-prone natural gas pipes. The investigation finds gas explosions killed at least 135 people and injured
Post to Facebook
Dangerous gas leaks- a special report The USA TODAY Network is releasing an investigative report on Sept. 23 about the dangers of aging, leak-prone natural gas pipes. The investigation finds gas explosions killed at least 135 people and injured Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uzehRv
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dangerous gas leaks- a special report
Video Keywords natural gas United States
Across and underneath the U.S. aging gas pipes are leaking.  An exclusive USA TODAY Network investigation looks at the dangers.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:05  When about every other day and natural gas leak in
00:08  the United States has destroyed property and hurt someone -- were
00:12  killed someone who. The leaks and the resulting fires and explosions.
00:16  Have killed at least a 135. People. Injured 600. And caused
00:22  two billion dollars to -- since 2004. One factor common to
00:27  most destructive blast is -- Asian gas pipes -- tens of
00:33  thousands of miles of these types remain under cities across the
00:36  country. See how all the aspects and -- -- in this
00:41  exclusive investigation. By the USA today network.
USA TODAY 8:22 a.m. EDT September 24, 2014
Firefighters battle a fire from a high-pressure gas line explosion in San Bruno, Calif., in 2010.
(Photo: File photo by Karl Mondon, The Bay Area News Group, via AP)
45 CONNECT 65 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The USA TODAY Network release an investigative report on Sept. 23 about the dangers of aging, leak-prone natural gas pipes. The investigation finds gas explosions killed at least 135 people and injured another 600 people over the last decade, and some local gas utilities operate a high concentration of aging pipes, despite years of warnings from federal safety regulators to replace them.
The investigation was conducted by journalists from USA TODAY and more than 40 affiliated newspapers and television stations across the country.

http://usat.ly/1siTBkrFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
GM expert: 2 more deaths eligible for compensation
The death toll from crashes involving General Motors small cars with faulty ignition switches has risen to at least 21.
Post to Facebook
GM expert: 2 more deaths eligible for compensation The death toll from crashes involving General Motors small cars with faulty ignition switches has risen to at least 21. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1si0Adj
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
GM expert: 2 more deaths eligible for compensation
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 7:01 p.m. EDT September 22, 2014
General Motors headquarters in the Renaissance Center in Detroit.
(Photo: Stan Honda, AFP/Getty Images)
52 CONNECT 51 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The death count attributed to General Motors' ignition switches has been boosted by two more, bringing the count to 21.
Now, with this second increase in a month, the count has gone eight higher than the 13 deaths that authorities had previously believed were due to problems with the switches in older-model cars.
Ken Feinberg, the independent administrator for GM's compensation program, announced the change in a summary of the program's results so far on his website for the program.
The 21 deaths were those determined to be eligible from 143 claims filed, Feinberg reported. Families of deceased will get at least $1 million.
In addition, he says he has substantiated four claims out of 65 filed involving serious permanent injuries. They include amputations, burns, spinal cord or brain damage. He says he has also found 12 of 467 claims for injuries that involved hospitalization within 48 hours of the accident to be eligible.
Feinberg is accepting claims for compensation through Dec. 31, so more people may come forward. GM CEO Mary Barra told reporters Friday that she expects the numbers to grow.
"There's been so much focus on the original numbers, but we've always said all along that was based on the information we had available to us," she said. "There's no surprises. Our goal has been every person impacted is a part of that program, and that's the process we're working through."
GM has not set any limits on the compensation program. It has, however, estimated that it will spend $400 million to $600 million to settle all claims, excluding any government fines.
The deaths and injuries are due to the faulty switches in a variety of GM models, including Chevrolet Cobalt and HHR, Saturn Ion and Pontiac G5, in the past decade. The switch could move into the "accessory" position if the car hits a bump, turning off the engine. Without the engine, the power assist from the brakes and power steering goes out, and the air bags are disabled.
The defect has resulted in massive recalls by GM and a series of congressional hearings about the problem. GM CEO Barra has also made sweeping changes to the automakers' safety and quality programs.
Contributing: Nathan Bomey, Detroit Free Press
52 CONNECT 51 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1si0Adj
USA NOW
Marion Barry, former D.C. mayor, passes away at age 78
Nov 23, 2014

Google announces steps to aid PM Narendra Modi s Digital India projectGoogle announces steps to aid PM Narendra Modi s Digital India project
US stocks retreat from records; Nasdaq down 1.14 per centUS stocks retreat from records; Nasdaq down 1.14 per cent
FT Baseline: Fact-checking golfs great mythAbout this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

Golfs aphorism is that you drive for show and putt for dough  but is it really trueAbout this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

Obamacare Pushes Uninsured Rate Down To 1990s LevelsUninsured Rate Drops To Lowest Level Since The '90s
Posted:
Updated:
09/16/2014 12:59 pm EDT
Obamacare is squeezing down the number of Americans who don't have health insurance, according to yet another survey. | AP Photo/Charles Dharapak
reddit
Another day, another survey showing that Obamacare is beginning to cure America's uninsured problem.
The latest numbers come from the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which polled more than 27,000 people during the first three months of the year. Forty-one million U.S. residents, or 13.1 percent, were uninsured during the quarter when benefits started to kick in for people who signed up for coverage into private insurance or Medicaid via the Obamacare exchanges or elsewhere.
That's the lowest number and percentage of uninsured people since the CDC started using this version of its survey in 1997. It's also down 3.8 million people and 1.3 percentage points from the end of 2013.
The Affordable Care Act's impact on the uninsured actually is understated by the CDC survey. More than 30 percent of Obamacare's 8 million private health insurance enrollees signed up in March or later. That means their benefits wouldn't have kicked in by the end of the third quarter, so a portion of them wouldn't have had coverage by the time of the CDC poll.
Polling and research by other organizations indicates a greater reduction of the uninsured after March. By the end of June, the uninsured rate fell to 13.3 percent, the lowest since 2008, according to Gallup survey findings released last month. Gallup's number for the second quarter was down down from 17.1% at the end of 2013. In an article published in the New England Journal of Medicine, the Department of Health and Human Services and the Harvard School of Public Health pegged the number of people who gained coverage since last year at 10 million . The Congressional Budget Office projects 12 million people will gain health insurance by year's end.
While the CDC survey shows the uninsured rate for children and adults over 65 years old didn't change much, the share of working-age adults who had no health coverage fell from 20.4 percent at the end of the last year to 18.4 percent during the first three months of 2014. The biggest drop was among adults 19-25 years old; the uninsured rate for this group fell more than 5 points to 20.9 percent.
As other studies have shown, states that adopted Obamacare's expansion of Medicaid benefits to more poor residents covered a lot more uninsured than those that didn't . During the first quarter of this year, the uninsured rates in Medicaid-expansion states fell from 18.4 percent to 15.7. In states that refused to accept the Medicaid expansion, the uninsured rate was virtually unchanged, the CDC found. Twenty-three states, mostly in the South , have not opened up Medicaid to more people.
The CDC report also makes plain the connection between income and health insurance. The uninsured rate for poor U.S. residents was 24.1 percent, compared to 26.2 percent for "near-poor" people and 9 percent for everyone else. Obamacare provides financial assistance to people who earn up to four times the federal poverty level, which is about $94,000 for a family of four.
The ethnic group with the highest uninsured rate was Hispanics, at 27.2 percent in the first three months of this year, a decline of more than three points since 2013. The uninsured rate also fell for African-Americans, from 18.9 percent to 15.1 percent. Asians had the third-highest rate at 13.3 percent, followed by whites at 11.5 percent; the share of uninsured Asians and whites didn't significantly change.
The Census Bureau also released survey findings about health insurance in the United States Tuesday, but its figures are from 2013, before benefits from Obamacare enrollment began to take effect. The Census also changed the way it conducts this survey , making comparisons to previous years impractical.
In 2013, 13.4 percent of the population, or 42 million people, lacked health insurance for the entire year, the bureau found. By contrast, the CDC survey asks respondents whether they have coverage at the time of the interview, meaning they may have had coverage at another point during the same year.
The next phase of sign-ups on the health insurance exchanges begins Nov. 15 and will run through Feb. 15. According to the Congressional Budget Office, 7 million additional people who currently lack coverage will gain it during the open enrollment period , and more are expected to sign up in the coming years.
But neither the Congressional Budget Office nor anyone else believes Obamacare will ever bring the number of uninsured Americans down to zero. A decade from now, CBO projects 31 million people will not have health insurance , 25 million fewer than if the Affordable Care Act hadn't been enacted, but still 11 percent of the population.
This story has been updated with figures from the Census Bureau survey.
Also on HuffPost:

Ben & Jerry s May Rename  Hazed & Confused  Ice Cream After Complaintsreddit
Ben & Jerry's will consider changing the name of an ice cream flavor that some say makes light of student hazing.
Lianne and Brian Kowiak of Tampa, Florida, sent an email to the ice cream company earlier this month complaining that the recently introduced "Hazed & Confused" flavor was insensitive toward the issue of hazing , Bloomberg reported Thursday. As a result, Ben & Jerry's plans to discuss the possibility of changing the name at its next global leadership meeting in October, according to the company.
Shortly after receiving the complaint, Ben & Jerry's company spokesman Sean Greenwood reached out to the Kowiak family, whose son died during a fraternity hazing ritual in 2008. The Kowiaks said they were " shocked and [...] dismayed " by the name of the flavor, according to Bloomberg.
In total, Ben & Jerry's has received four complaints regarding "Hazed & Confused," which the company launched in February of this year, Greenwood told The Huffington Post over the phone.
A cross-section of Ben & Jerry's "Hazed and Confused" flavor, which contains chocolate and hazelnut ice creams with fudge chips and a hazelnut fudge core.
Greenwood said that while the company has a history of giving its products cheeky names, this one "was never intended to have any association with hazing."
"The ice cream contains hazelnuts, so it was always meant as a pop culture reference to 'Dazed and Confused,'" Greenwood said, referring to the Led Zeppelin song and the 1993 teen comedy . "Not a lot of words rhyme with 'hazelnut.'"
In a statement emailed to HuffPost, the company said: "Ben & Jerry's believes that hazing and bullying have no place in our society. No individual, group, or entity should benefit by marginalizing others."
Greenwood emphasized that even though the company takes the matter seriously, it can't say for sure whether the flavor's name will be changed.
"We're not going to vote on changing the name right now," he said. "It's a discussion that's based on the feedback we've received."
Ben & Jerry's has a history of taking a progressive stance on social issues like gay marriage and income inequality , but what Greenwood characterized as the company's "irreverent" naming style has been a source of criticism before.
In 2012, the company apologized for " Taste The Lin-Sanity " -- a limited-release flavor, named for the Asian-American basketball player Jeremy Lin, that contained lychee honey and pieces of fortune cookie -- after criticism that it was racially insensitive. And before that, the company's "Saturday Night Live"-inspired " Schweddy Balls " flavor was protested by One Million Moms, among others, for being inappropriate for children.
More:

Alibaba secures spot as world s biggest ever IPOAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Indra Nooyi and Roger Goodell: Personal Loyalty vs. Leadership Accountabilityreddit
It caught me by surprise this week when PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi came out and publicly supported embattled NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell and the league in general. Nooyi's vote of confidence came at a critical time for Goodell and the NFL in the wake of what has been the worst public relations fiasco in the history of the NFL, starting with the mishandling of the Ray Rice domestic abuse case, as well as public denouncements by other sponsors including Anheuser Busch InBev or the outright suspension of NFL sponsorship in the case of Radisson or, today, Procter & Gamble.
Nooyi's decision and pronouncements deserve closer attention, as a study in leadership. To me, Nooyi appears to have chosen personal loyalty (to Roger Goodell) and commercial interests over the opportunity to demonstrate concern for the broader principles involved and hold the NFL accountable, but we can debate that.
Here is Nooyi's statement:
"I am a mother, a wife, and a passionate football fan. I am deeply disturbed that the repugnant behavior of a few players and the NFL's acknowledged mishandling of these issues, is casting a cloud over the integrity of the league and the reputations of the majority of players who've dedicated their lives to a career they love. When it comes to child abuse and domestic violence, there is no middle ground. The behaviors are disgusting, absolutely unacceptable, and completely fly in the face of the values we at PepsiCo believe in and cherish.
"Given PepsiCo's long-standing partnership with the NFL, I know Roger Goodell. We have worked together for many years. I know him to be a man of integrity, and I am confident that he will do the right thing for the league in light of the serious issues it is facing," Ms. Nooyi said in a statement. "Over the past several days, it is increasingly apparent that the NFL is starting to treat these issues with the seriousness they deserve," she added.
"Over the past several days, it is increasingly apparent that the NFL is starting to treat these issues with the seriousness they deserve. Hiring former FBI Director Robert Mueller to conduct a thorough investigation is a positive step, as is hiring three prominent women with significant, relevant expertise and assigning another, who is an NFL official, to help shape its domestic violence policies. These individuals must now be given the necessary time to review all relevant facts so that corrective actions can be taken, and well-tailored and effective policies against domestic violence and child abuse can be implemented immediately.
"The reality for Commissioner Goodell and the NFL is that they now have an opportunity to effect positive change with the situation presented to them. I urge them to seize this moment. How they handle these cases going forward can help shape how we, as a nation, as a society, and as individuals treat domestic violence and child abuse."
Nooyi's position, evidently grounded in personal loyalty to Goodell, as well as PepsiCo commercial interests in partnership with the NFL stand in stark contract to Marilyn Carlson Nelson's decision to suspend Radisson's sponsorship of the Minnesota Vikings in the wake of the Adrian Peterson child abuse investigation.  (Carlson Nelson led the efforts to bring the Super Bowl to Minneapolis in 2018.)
Some would argue that Nooyi's actions were principled, especially in the wake of such widespread outcry.
So which is more effective leadership for holding the NFL accountable? It's fair to debate the point: Could Roger Goodell actually be a more effective agent for change than an alternative?
I have absolutely no confidence in Goodell's leadership, nor have I seen any substantive actions (beyond symbolic moves, including the leagues latest policy announcements ) that would signal that the NFL brass will change in any fundamental way.
As it relates to Goodell's (and the NFL's) leadership principles, the sudden media and league focus on the second Ray Rice video is completely irrelevant. For instance, Commissioner Goodell says that he hadn't seen the elevator videos until recently. Yet, what is without question is that he did see video of Rice dragging his wife out of the elevator unconscious before granting the two-game suspension. So, what's the difference? The end result was obvious from the start: There was a video of Rice dragging his unconscious wife out of an elevator.
What has changed in a big way is the growing public outrage, propelled further by the gruesome elevator video.
In the wake of public outrage, Goodell shifted his positions as if a politician, then disappeared public view. As the controversies rage on, the NFL appears rudderless, hardly inspiring confidence in Goodell or his leadership principles. I'm sure he's a decent guy, who loves football, and keeps his word, but Goodell's biggest problem is that he's acted like a bad politician, lacking in principles.
Contrast Goodell's performance with NBA Commissioner Adam Silver's leadership following Donald Sterling's racist comments. Like the Silver audio recording, the Ray Rice video was a national teachable moment on a scourge to society, domestic violence, yet unlike the strong and ethical leadership from NBA Commissioner Adam Silver, Goodell punted.
It's worth pausing: Two games.
And, it's not as though this is a one-off instance of poor leadership. As I've said before, the National Organization of Women reported, there have been 56 instances of domestic violence reported during Goodell's tenure. In response, NFL players have been suspended for a combined total of 13 games.
This is real talk, which is what we need nationally, as well as a good deal of reflection as we think about what we're supporting as fans.
These days, winning and money seems to trump ethics in the NFL. While I fault their leadership, these are not bad people. Their actions merely represent an expression for what the rest of us say is important.
The reason Nooyi's announcement surprised me was because I had come to see her as a principled leader from afar.  PepsiCo (and its subsidiary FritoLay) has many of its own ethical issues to worry about in the wake of a national obesity crisis, but I had been willing to give Nooyi and PepsiCo the benefit of the doubt. Former CEO Steve Reinemund even talked about the importance of PepsiCo finding and following its "true north," and the company appeared to be making genuine strides to diversify into healthier products.
No one in the NFL brass has yet been held accountable for the multiple leadership missteps. Nooyi's statement will only act as an enabler. The headline is all that matters: "Nooyi (and PepsiCo) supports Goodell." Don't expect change if you come out with statements that have to be parsed in order to understand their meaning.  In my experience, any time statements must be parsed to understand what they actually mean, as is the case when I try to understand Nooyi's statement, it's a sign of weak leadership.
It's my great hope that Nooyi and the PepsiCo board will demand greater accountability for what has to be one of the worst examples of how to lead an organization of the year.
--
Peter Sims is the bestselling coauthor with Bill George of True North: Discover Your Authentic Leadership, author of Little Bets: How Breakthrough Ideas Emerge from Small Discoveries and the cofounder of Fuse Corps , a social venture that gives 10-20 professionals each year the opportunity to spend a year helping governors, mayors and community leaders across the United States bring about social change.
Follow Peter Sims on Twitter: www.twitter.com/petersims
More:

The UPS Store will 3-D print stuff for youThe UPS Store will 3-D print stuff for you
By James O'Toole   @jtotoole September 22, 2014: 1:39 PM ET
 
Watch this 3D printer print makeup
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Can't afford your own 3-D printer? Just head to the UPS Store.
UPS ( UPS ) announced plans Monday to bring in-store 3-D-printing services to nearly 100 stores across the country , billing itself as the first national retailer to do so.
With the UPS system, customers can submit their own designs for objects like product prototypes, engineering parts and architectural models that are then printed on a professional-quality 3-D printer made by Stratasys.
Related: Amazon launches 3-D-printing store
Prices vary depending on the complexity of the object; an iPhone case would be about $60, while a replica femur bone would be around $325. UPS can also connect customers with outside professionals who charge an hourly rate to help produce a design file for the printer.
It generally takes about four or five hours to print a simple object, with more complex items taking a day or more.
The program started as a pilot at six locations last year, and UPS says those stores "saw demand for 3-D print continuing to increase across a broad spectrum of customers."
First Published: September 22, 2014: 1:39 PM ET
Most Popular

Chinese engine maker to open Chicago-area North American headquartersIllinois gives $1.1 million tax break to Chinese engine maker
Weichai Group
The Weichai Group is the first Chinese brand to sponsor the Scuderia Ferrari F1 team.
The Weichai Group is the first Chinese brand to sponsor the Scuderia Ferrari F1 team.
By Ellen Jean Hirst, Tribune reporter
Automotive Industry Taxation Toni Preckwinkle Cook County Board of Commissioners
Chinese engine maker receives property tax incentive to open headquarters in Rolling Meadows
The state revealed Tuesday that provided a $1.1 million tax incentive package that helped bring a large Chinese diesel engine manufacturer to Rolling Meadows.
On Monday, Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle’s office announced that the Weichai Group will open North American headquarters in the northwest suburb sometime next year.
0
The company was also granted a Cook County property tax incentive in July, which will allow it to receive reduced property taxes for 12 years. The state incentive comes in the form of a credit against its state income tax liability over a 10 year period and $10,000 for job training.
Weichai plans to open a technology development and testing center. The company manufactures a variety of engines for cars, boats and heavy-duty trucks among others. The redevelopment will include the rehabilitation of an existing 166,772-square-foot office building at 3100 Golf Road.
The state said Weichai will spend at least $8 million renovating the building’s interior and purchasing equipment. Weichai plans to hire 32 people within two years and retain 21 full-time workers from the area. The company had also been considering headquarters in Ontario, Canada.
A statement from Preckwinkle’s office said the new headquarters will also create 51 construction jobs.
Fun fact: The Weichai Group is the first Chinese brand to sponsor the Scuderia Ferrari F1 team. Its logo appears on Ferrari's F1 cars and on drivers' uniforms.
ehirst@tribune.com

Siemens set to exploit US shale boomSiemens set to exploit US shale boom following pair of deals
By Chris Bryant in London and Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9b81c418-424c-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US takes a dig at India s IPR regimeUS takes a dig at India s IPR regime
Protests in BJP over tickets to new recruits  oldlosersAn effigy of Ram Bilas Sharma is set on fire. ( Source: Express photo )
Written by Mukesh Bhardwaj | Chandigarh | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:09 am
Alongside the BJP’s confident strides in Haryana, where it hopes to come to power, has come a series of protests over distribution of tickets. The party has fielded a number of candidates who have rarely or never won an election, besides fresh recruits and relatives or aides of well-known leaders, notably Sushma Swaraj’s sister. Disgruntled members estimate half the 90 candidates belong to one or the other of these categories.
Sushma’s sister Vandana Sharma was nominated from Safidon only the day after the BJP’s election-in-charge for Haryana, Kailash Vijayvargiya, had said no relatives of ministers would be given a ticket. He had referred to union ministers Rao Inderjit and Krishan Pal Gurjjar, not Sushma. The ticket to her sister has upset at least six MPs who had been seeking tickets for their relatives.
There have been protests in Mahendergarh, Rohtak, Kurukshetra, Narnaund, Hisar, Kaithal, Karnal, Gurgaon, Kalayat, Tosham, Ellenabad, Mullana and Faridabad. In Mahendergarh, where the party has fielded its state unit chief Ram Bilas Sharma, workers protested outside his house and burnt his effigy; police had to intervene.
Sharma has not won an election since 1996, that victory coming during a tie-up with the Haryana Vikas Party led by Bansi Lal. Sharma was considered the architect of the BJP’s subsequent alliance with the INLD of Om Prakash Chautala, which eventually toppled the Bansi Lal government in 1999.
Party veteran Om Prakash Dhankar, known to be close to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, faced protests from workers in Badli, from where he has been fielded. Senior leader Captain Abhimanyu, who has been the national spokesman of the BJP, faced demonstrations in his constituency of Narnaund.
Neither Dhankar nor Abhimanyu has ever won an election in the state. Senior party leader Manohar Lal Khattar has been given a ticket from Karnal, leading to protests from Karnal MP Ashwani Chopra himself; he said he had not been consulted.
The BJP has also given tickets to a number of leaders who have joined the party recently. These include Prem Lata, wife of former Congress leader Birender Singh, from Uchana Kalan. Significantly, Birender himself has not been nominated. When he was taken into the BJP recently, there was talk about his being considered as the party’s chief ministerial candidate.
Other new inductions fielded include Shamsher Kharkhara from Meham, Krishan Lal Panwar from Israna, Jagdish Nehra from Rania, Krishna Gehlot from Rai, Chhatar Pal Singh from Hansi, Harsh Kumar from Hathin, Balwant Singh from Sadhaura and Sunita Setia from Sirsa.
Sushma’s emergence on the Haryana poll scene was sudden. Apart from Vandana Sharma, the party has also fielded Latika Sharma, a close aide of the union minister, from Kalka. Latika Sharma has never been involved in Haryana politics either.
Former Sonepat Congress MP Jitender Malik, who was known for his closeness to Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh continued…

Mutual Funds worst hit by changes in DDT provisionsMutual Funds worst hit by changes in DDT provisions
Ebola kills 2 811 outbreak  contained  in Senegal  Nigeria WHOEbola kills 2 811 outbreak  contained  in Senegal  Nigeria WHO
BPM still perceived as voice-based call centre industry: KS Viswanathan  NasscomE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Not true that I got the ticket just because I am SushmassisterVandana Sharma
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:16 am
The BJP’s decision to field Vandana Sharma, younger sister of External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, comes when the party as well as Prime Minister Narendra Modi have declared a stance against dynasty politics.
But Vandana Sharma, a teacher who is already into an intense campaign in Safidon, Haryana, denies that she got the party ticket only because she is the sister of a senior party leader, and added it’s “unfair” to deny anyone a party post or ticket for such a reason.
Critics say you got the BJP ticket only because of your sister, and that it is to placate her as she was upset over the BJP’s decision to split with the HJC (Haryana Janhit Congress).
It’s not true. The party has looked into all aspects; they are aware of my work in the education field and my experience in the political field. The BJP does not give tickets to anyone without checking. Safidon is not an A-grade seat for the BJP in terms of winnability of its candidate. It’s a C-grade seat, which means a difficult seat. Being the sister of Sushma Swaraj, I have not sought the ticket for an easy constituency.
What’s your experience in politics?
Political science is my subject and in practical politics, I have been involved for the last 10 years, directly and indirectly. I have been travelling with my sister across the country and working closely with her. As she was involved in central and state politics and elections, it gave me experience. When I considered my academic experience was enough, my sister told me politics in theory and practice is entirely different.
So it’s your sister who influenced you and brought you into politics?
Yes, she is not just sister to me. As she is 11 years elder to me, she brought me up and taught me a lot of things. She is like a mother to me. She is an established politician, so it’s natural for her to have a great effect on me.
How confident are you of winning this seat?
As I said, it’s a very tough seat for the BJP, but I am very confident that my hard work will yield results. I will win this seat for the BJP and will not disappoint anyone.
What’s your view of dynasty politics? Do you think it’s unfair to deny a ticket to someone because he or she is a close relative of an established leader?
I feel it’s unfair to deny a ticket to someone just because of that. But there must be some other reasons to deny a ticket. I don’t think anyone has been denied a ticket just because he or she is close to a senior leader.

Bejeweled  Alibaba  iPhone 6 a steal at just $2 millionBejeweled  Alibaba  iPhone 6 a steal at just $2 million
Alibaba IPO world s biggest at $25 bnAlibaba IPO world s biggest at $25 bn
Security at White House to be heightened ahead of Narendra Modis maiden US tourSecurity at White House to be heightened ahead of Narendra Modis maiden US tour
Six avions de chasse russes intercepts par l aviation amricaine prs de l AlaskaSix avions de chasse russes interceptés par l'aviation américaine près de l'Alaska
AFPQC  | Par                                                                Agence France-Presse
reddit
Six avions de chasse russes MIG 35 sont entrés dans une zone de restriction américaine vendredi et ont été interceptés par des avions militaires américains et canadiens près de l'Alaska, ont indiqué deux responsables américains de la Défense.
Les appareils russes ont quitté ensuite la zone sans incident, a précisé à l'AFP un de ces responsables, qui s'exprimait sous couvert de l'anonymat. C'est "la première fois depuis longtemps" que des avions de chasse russes y pénètrent, a-t-il dit.
Close

I will take back entire Kashmir from India: Bilawal BhuttoEYE BROWSE
Bilawal Bhutto says he will get back entire Kashmir from India
Benazir Bhutto's son Bilawal Bhutto said that the Pakistan People's Party would get back entire Kashmir from India.
Yahoo India –  Sat 20 Sep, 2014
Print
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's Bilawal Bhutto Zardari said that his party Pakistan People's Party will get back entire Kashmir from India.
Addressing his party workers in Multan, Benazir Bhutto's son Bilawal Bhutto Zardari was quoted by PTI saying: 'I will take back Kashmir, all of it, and I will not leave behind a single inch of it because, like the other provinces, it belongs to Pakistan.'
Bilawal Bhutto Zardari Monday announced he will contest the 2018 general elections from his mother's home constituency.
But his comments were not taken kindly by the Congress and BJP. Both the parties rubbished Bilawal's claims that Kashmir belonged to Pakistan.
Terming Bilawal's remarks as immature, BJP's Subramanian Swamy said: 'I think it is a very immature comment. Young man is totally inexperienced in politics and for family reasons he has been promoted to this position as patron- in- chief of the PPP. But he should learn a lesson that India is capable of finishing the existence of Pakistan if it comes to a war. We do not want a war; we have fought four wars and have won all of them.'
"In 1971 we could have finished off West Pakistan but we decided not to finish the identity of Pakistan. So if this kind of talks takes place and especially on a matter which is legally settled. When the Instrument of Accession was signed, it was final," he added.
Congress leader Sandeep Dikshit echoing similar sentiments said Bilawal's statement has no relevance, adding that Jammu and Kashmir is an unbreakable and an undivided part of India.
The Ministry of External Affairs also rejected Bilawal Bhutto Zardari's comment saying that India's unity and integrity is non-negotiable.
"I don't need to comment on any comment which is so far away from reality, which takes us back into the past century. We are in the process of looking forward, and looking forward does not mean our borders will be changed," MEA official spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
"We have made it very clear that as far as we are concerned the unity and integrity of India is non-negotiable and that counts for anyone," he added.
Recommend

Coalition of the unwillingBy any metric of credibility and effectiveness, the US strategy looks as though it will exacerbate the dangers rather than provide a resolution to the crisis. ( Source: Reuters )
Written by Rajendra Abhyankar | Posted: September 22, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: September 22, 2014 8:54 am
At last week’s Paris conference on Iraq — attended by Russia, China, Japan, the European Union and the Arab League, among others — the US managed to cobble together diplomatic support for its plan for military (read aerial) action against the Islamic State (IS). But no mention was made of such action in IS havens in Syria, which US President Barack Obama’s strategy emphasises.
Even the coalition it has built is dodgy. Iran and Syria were kept out at the behest of the US. But Russia has made it clear that it considers military action without Iran’s cooperation and coordination with the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria to be illegal and dangerous. The British House of Commons opposes military action. Further, Turkey, a Nato member, has refused to close its borders, allowing money and supplies to reach Syrian opposition groups. Turkish border towns like Antakya, Kisil and Antalya have become hubs for foreign fighters. The largely Sunni Arab potentates prevaricate, believing that military action will weaken their IS tafkiri proxies and inevitably strengthen Syria.
The military action against the IS in Iraq is the latest of the US’s flawed strategies since the Iraq invasion in 2003. The advent of a democratic leadership there has seemingly made no difference. After the crises in Afghanistan and Libya, we now have Syria and the IS. After dithering on military action, Obama will authorise air strikes against the IS in its safe havens in Syria. That is a major change from keeping the IS in play to build pressure on the then Iraq prime minister, Nouri al-Maliki, to quit, a delay that ended up strengthening the IS with major field victories in Iraq and Syria.
By any metric of credibility and effectiveness, the US strategy looks as though it will exacerbate the dangerous situation in the Middle East rather than provide a resolution to the crisis. It is flawed in its goal, manner of execution, choice of partners, targets and outcome. At its root, the IS represents a fanatical and violent dimension of a major religion. It is not possible to “degrade and ultimately destroy” a stream of thought by military means; indeed, it might be granted a fresh lease of life. The persistence of the Muslim Brotherhood, which was ruthlessly hunted by Arab autocrats three decades ago, is a case in point.
The IS, one of the richest and most ruthless terrorist organisations, brings together nearly 35 Salafist groups. Its jihadi network is valued at $2 billion and rising on stolen oil revenues, looted treasuries and plunder from the sale of lifted antiquities in Iraq and Syria. continued…

That picture from BadaunThe feudal narrative of land-holding higher castes violating women from the voiceless lower castes — an act of violence that is also an act of socio-economic domination — does not quite fit here. ( Picture for representation only )
Written by Sarah Hafeez | Posted: September 22, 2014 12:34 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 11:29 am
The Badaun incident in May announced itself to us in the image of two teenaged girls hanging from a mango tree. From that moment, our perception of the incident has been filtered primarily through this image. To us, it spoke of rape, of members of a higher caste brutally asserting their dominance over women from a backward caste. As a global outcry against the killings broke out, the image became a symbol for sexual violence in India, a rural counterpart to the December 16 gangrape in Delhi.
Three months into the case, the CBI ruled out rape and refused to file a chargesheet against the three accused, who are now out on bail. The investigating agency is reportedly mulling over the possibility of approaching the Allahabad High Court for permission to interrogate the victims’ family once more.
What really happened on the night of May 27-28? The truth behind the killings of the two sisters in the village of Katra Sadatgunj in Badaun, Uttar Pradesh, seems to be slipping deeper into a labyrinth of allegations, counter-allegations, investigations, reinvestigations, opinions, trends, statistics and facts that don’t square. But then, as Guy Debord wrote in his seminal work, The Society of the Spectacle, “In a world that is really upside down, the true is a moment of the false.” What, then, does that image say to us now?
As the case proceeds, new questions emerge and few are answered. For instance, how does one bridge the chasm between the initial post mortem report, which confirmed rape, and the forensic reports of August, ruling out rape? And who answers for the public shaming of the three accused brothers, who had to spend three months in prison, branded as ruthless rapists?
Moreover, the image had come to stand for a vicious caste politics that still thrives in the Hindi heartland. The three accused brothers are Yadavs, a caste more dominant than the Mauryas or Shakyas, to which the girls belonged. According to the initial story, two girls were raped and then hanged for all the village to see on the morning of May 28. Their bodies became a theatre on which a gruesome act of caste domination was played out.
Yet, in the village of Katra Sadatganj, the socio-economic equations between the family of the accused and the victims’ family seem to undercut certain assumptions. The 150 Yadav families form a minority in a village of 6,000 people. Known locally as the Ganga-kateves, or “those whose lands the Ganga has cut into”, continued…

Listen to the peopleNepal premiere Sushil Koirala.
Written by Yubaraj Ghimire | Posted: September 22, 2014 12:21 am
The Unified Communist Party of Nepal-Maoist (UCPN-M) lobbied, albeit unsuccessfully, to have the right to rebellion recognised in the constitution, during the early days of the first Constituent Assembly (CA). That move mirrored the UCPN-M’s insistence on a federal Nepal, with provinces enjoying the “right to self-determination”.
But the Maoists were not the only group raising the issue. Subsequent to the Maoists agreeing to lay down their arms, the year 2006 saw the rise of regionalism as well as the formation of new political parties in the plains adjoining India. Some of these parties echoed the same demand for more autonomy and self-determination.
A couple of weeks ago, the CA’s Political Dialogue and Consensus Committee, headed by former prime minister and Maoist leader Baburam Bhattarai, invited an unusual “expert” for his opinion on the constitution. C.K. Raut, a self-proclaimed activist who has held political rallies and lobbied in Delhi recently, demanded that the “right to secede should be incorporated in the constitution.”
A few days ago, he was arrested by the police and charged with “sedition”. While the case of an individual charged with sedition is a matter for the courts to settle, the bigger question this episode raises is where the constitution-making process is headed.
The UN country office, Western donors, developmental agencies and India have, in the past, directly or indirectly supported “ethnicity-based” federalism, with the right to self-determination. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi acknowledged the drift in the Indian approach by saying Nepal and India will embark on a journey to prosperity and development together. But the mess has to be cleared first.  The bureaucracy that conducted India’s diplomacy with Nepal for the last eight years may be the biggest stumbling block for Modi’s idea, unless it is reoriented and brought under a strictly political radar.
Last Wednesday, Prime Minister Sushil Koirala and his cabinet overruled objections raised by three ministers and announced the Project Development Agreement (PDA) on the 900 MW Upper Karnali hydro project, which will enable Nepal’s Investment Board (IB) and India’s GMR Group to sign the deal and move towards execution to meet the 2021 deadline for power generation. Timely conclusion of the project will, no doubt, enhance bilateral credibility, till date clouded by poor delivery.
However, a conducive climate for writing the constitution is necessary in order to confer legitimacy upon such projects. Most hydro projects with India have come under suspicion, with many people believing India wants a monopoly on Nepal’s rich water resources and hydro potential. But the one between GMR and IB was finalised after long deliberations, under the supervision of both PMs. Still, the larger question remains as to how serious Nepal’s politicians are about constitution-making.
Why did the Bhattarai-led committee, which has deliberately chosen not to invite anybody opposing federalism in principle, choose to invite an extremist who openly stated that his goal is to have the plains “liberated” from Nepal? Federalism, secularism and republicanism are new continued…

Why Siddaramaiah needs to worrySiddaramaiah’s detractors are trying to rattle him but their campaign has not gone far as they have failed to impress upon Sonia and Rahul Gandhi and national-level Congress leaders that the chief minister needs reining in.
Written by Saritha Rai | Posted: September 22, 2014 12:00 am
Karnataka had made history some years ago when it became the first state in southern India to elect a BJP government, although the party promptly squandered away that gain by getting entangled in corruption scandals, maladministration and political instability. Now Amit Shah, BJP president and its chief election strategist, wants the “lotus to bloom again” in Karnataka.
This should be notice to Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, who cannot rest on his Congress party’s performance in last year’s assembly elections or even its respectable show in the recent assembly bypolls, especially since Shah has instructed the Karnataka BJP’s B.S. Yeddyurappa and the local unit to “agitate and expose” the ruling party.
The BJP and Shah are not the chief minister’s only sources of concern. Within his party in Karnataka, the differences are many and out in the open. For the longest time, it has been the “new entrant” Siddaramaiah and his supporters (all arrivals from the Janata Dal) versus the old guard in the state Congress. Disparate opinions have surfaced time and again on several key matters in the fractured ruling party.
Primary among them is the expansion of the cabinet and the chief minister’s seeming reluctance to conduct the exercise that he has been deliberately putting off for months on some pretext or other.
The other is his unwillingness to install various Congressmen as heads of state-run boards and corporations, a reward that chief ministers usually bestow on peeved MLAs to soothe their sentiments at being left out of ministerial positions. There again, the chief minister has been dragging his feet. He has his own favourites, but the aspirants are over a thousand.
Much was expected of Siddaramaiah when the Congress galloped to a decisive vote over a year ago and named him chief minister. Today, bureaucrats who knew him in his previous avatars as minister and deputy chief minister say that the politician has lost focus. In his role as chief minister, he appears distracted — even disinterested — and yawns his way through meetings, they say. The more charitable officers say that he is simply overwhelmed by his new responsibilities and is taking time to settle down.
His adversaries within the party are certainly not helping calm the chief minister’s nerves. Siddaramaiah seems to have a few, but the most prominent is the state party chief, G. Parameshwara, who is hankering after the deputy chief minister’s spot. Parameshwara was tipped to be chief minister until he lost his assembly seat in the elections last year, but that has not quelled his ambition. His supporters continued…

Markets in comfort zoneMarkets in comfort zone
How Do Alibaba s IPO and China s New Nationalism Fit TogetherThis article also appears in the South China Morning Post
China's e-commerce leader, Alibaba, celebrated its landmark U.S. $21.8 billion listing in New York on Friday -- the largest IPO in American history -- on the same day that British pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) was hit by a record fine of U.S. $500 million imposed by the central government in Beijing.
The two stories -- one happy and the other unfortunate -- are perfect examples to showcase the rise of China on both the economic and political fronts on the world stage. Alibaba puts China on par with the United States in the rapidly increasing global competition for technological innovation and economic transformation.
The GSK case reminds me of a popular book "China Can Say No," first published in China in 1996 and which signaled a new era for growing Chinese nationalism.
Don't get me wrong. I don't have any intention to defend GSK. It deserves the huge fine for bribing doctors to use its drugs on the mainland for many years. Such a huge fine would have been unlikely 10 or 20 years ago when Beijing wasn't economically or politically powerful enough to afford to get tough with large, multinational corporations like GSK. In fact, the GSK case is not only about money but also about "face."
Understanding the so-called face culture is essential for any individual or company that wants to do business in China. Besides paying the largest fine imposed by Beijing on a foreign company, GSK also published an official statement of apology to the Chinese government and Chinese people, saying it "deeply regrets the damage caused."
The Alibaba story is also a story about having "face" for the e-commerce firm founded in 1999 by English teacher-turned private businessman Jack Ma Yun as well as the Chinese government.
Ma has said he's had to spend most of his time managing good relations with the government in the hope he can win policy support for Alibaba's different businesses.
Many mainland media claimed the listing of Alibaba signaled a new era in which Chinese enterprises will challenge their American peers. Expectations on when Alibaba can beat its American rival Amazon in global consumer markets have grown rapidly among many young Chinese nationalists. Xinhua described Alibaba's listing as "just a beginning of the next round of bigger and better economic boom in China."
The rise of China is well reflected in the two stories. I'm not sure if Xinhua is right about predicting a new economic boom for China. But one thing is for sure -- the rest of the world will have to get used to greater impact brought about by the Chinese government and Chinese companies in the years to come.
George Chen is the financial editor and a columnist for the South China Morning Post in Hong Kong and a 2014 Yale World Fellow. Follow him on Twitter: @george_chen
Follow George Chen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/george_chen
More:

As online shopping booms  big brands turn to e-tailers for consumer insightCanon
(Several consumer electronics…)
KOLKATA: When Philips India recently launched a specially designed entry-level shaver targeted at male consumers in smaller towns, what convinced the Dutch firm about its market potential was data culled primarily from e-commerce and search sites, validated by its own research.
A Philips official said tracking sales and browsing data of such products helped the firm notice high interest in shavers in tier-II towns and the features and price range they were looking for, which convinced the firm to roll out a new product with a starting price of Rs 900, about 40% less than the previous entry-level product.
Consumer electronics companies, smartphone makers, apparel and lifestyle brands are increasingly sourcing consumer data research from e-commerce firms on the back of rapid growth of online shopping and product searches in the country, pitting the likes of Flipkart and Snapdeal against market research firms such as Nielsen and GfK .
"Big data gathering has been a key goal for major e-commerce players. Now that a significant data has been gathered, companies have started mining insights and actions from this big data," said Sachin Oswal, co-founder and chief operating officer of e-commerce firm Infibeam.
He said apparel and jewellery brands use "purchase data" of customers to plan new product styles, including material and colour, based on its analytics system while electronic brands are using it to plan inventory levels. Brands are also diving into the shopping history and reaching out to consumers via personalised newsletters and notifications, Oswal said.
Several consumer electronics brands, including Canon, Samsung , Panasonic and Sony, have either tied up with e-commerce firms, or plan to do so, to tap into their goldmine of consumer data.
Panasonic India MD Manish Sharma said the company plans to tap consumer insight from online sales for product development, creating pricing and launch strategies. "We will primarily use it for televisions, smartphones and beauty care products," he said.
Brands say data from online retailers cost a fraction of the hefty fees market research firms charge. Often it comes at no cost if they have direct business agreements with the retailer.
Many brands already avail data analytics services of search major Google, which is often the starting point for a lot of e-commerce transactions. Canon buys consumer surfing data on cameras from Google to understand what features, colour and specifications consumers are searching.
"This kind of data analytics is insightful for our planning and strategy," said Alok Bharadwaj, executive vice president at Canon India. "However, the next big wave of research will be the e-commerce websites where consumers have a much deeper level of engagement," he said, adding that Canon plans to soon tap e-commerce sites too for data.
Almost one-fourth of digital SLR camera sales in the country already take place on the internet.
Vivek Sharma, vice president and head of marketing at Philips India, said that since many e-commerce platforms have transformed into marketplaces where goods are sold by multiple vendors, sharing of data from these platforms is governed by different set of guidelines. "We rely equally on our own consumer research and analytics across digital mediums and social networks to gain consumer insight," he said.
Radhika Ghai Aggarwal, co-founder of online retail website Shopclues. com, said merchants registered on its e-commerce platform have access to a wealth of data that gives them store analytics, sales data, promotions tracking and invaluable customer insight.
"The fact that e-tailing can be integrated seamlessly with other digital media like mobile and social, is a big advantage for new brands in the market," she said. The size of India's e-commerce market last year was estimated at around $13 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India urges all nations to join tax information pactIndia urges all nations to join tax information pact
Yahoo confirms purchase of Indian startup Bo...Yahoo confirms purchase of Indian tech startup Bookpad
Peerzada Abrar, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 02.17AM IST
Tags:
Aditya Bandi
(Yahoo confirmed on Monday…)
BANGALORE: Yahoo confirmed on Monday that it has purchased Bookpad, an Indian document viewing tech startup , in a bid to bolster its email service.
The US internet giant didn't disclose the purchase price, but two people with direct knowledge of the development said it paid around Rs 50 crore ($8.3 million) for Bookpad.
"We have acquired Bookpad, the company behind the Docspad product," said a Yahoo spokeswoman in response to a query from ET.
Bookpad has become the first Indian startup to be bought by Yahoo. The Bangalore-based firm which is competing with large companies like Google and Crocodoc in document viewing will help Yahoo to strengthen its free email service Yahoo mail.
"The team will join our communications organisation in Bangalore, where they will work on strengthening the Yahoo Mail experience," said Yahoo spokeswoman.
The news about the Yahoo deal was earlier reported by ET. Founded by IIT-Guwahati alumni Niketh Sabbineni , Aditya Bandi and Ashwik Reddy — friends in their early twenties — Bookpad has gained an international reputation for developing a product like Google Docs .
The product enables customers create and format text documents online and also collaborate with other people in real time. But what differentiates the firm from global competitors is that it allows enterprises to modify the product as per their needs and promote their brand.
"Wins like these are important," said Google India managing director and top angel investor Rajan Anandan. "Indian companies like Bookpad are focused on specific problems. They have strong technology, traction and can compete and scale globally."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hundreds protest Wall Street over climate ch...Hundreds protest Wall Street over climate change
By AFP | 23 Sep, 2014, 02.30AM IST
Hundreds of protesters today accused Wall Street of financing climate change, marching through Manhattan's financial district dressed in blue and armed with placards.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Hundreds of protesters today accused Wall Street of financing climate change, marching through Manhattan's financial district dressed in blue and armed with placards.
The protest came a day after tens of thousands rallied around the world for urgent action to stop climate change and a day before UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon hosts a key summit on climate change.
Organizers of today's "Flood Wall Street" demonstration said an estimated 3,000 people took part, which a spokeswoman characterized as "well over what we were expecting."
"Yesterday was about building a movement and demonstrating how many people were involved, and today is about pointing fingers at those responsible," said spokeswoman Bessie Schwarz.
The demonstrators were accompanied by a 15-foot inflatable carbon bubble and a 300-foot banner unfurled to read Flood Wall Street, she said.
The organizers said the protest was called "to confront the root cause of the climate crisis -- an economic system based on exploiting frontline communities, workers and natural resources."
Private institutions, individuals and local governments worth a total of more than $50 billion of assets announced in New York on Monday that they were divesting from fossil fuels.
On Tuesday, world leaders including US President Barack Obama hold a summit on climate change at the United Nations .
The summit aims to pave the way for a global agreement on fighting climate change -- a successor to the Kyoto Protocol -- during a conference in late 2015 in Paris.

Ebola kills 2 811  outbreak  contained  in N...The deadliest Ebola epidemic ever has now killed 2,811 in west Africa, the World Health Organization said Monday, adding though that in Senegal and Nigeria the outbreak had been basically contained.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
GENEVA: The deadliest Ebola epidemic ever has now killed 2,811 in west Africa, the World Health Organization said Monday, adding though that in Senegal and Nigeria the outbreak had been basically contained.
The UN health agency, which also published the results of the latest meeting of its Ebola emergency committee, said a total of 5,864 people had been infected in five west African countries as of September 18.
The disease has claimed 181 lives since the last death toll of 2,630 was issued on September 14.
Guinea, where the outbreak began at the start of the year, and neighbouring Liberia and Sierra Leone by far account for most of the cases and continue to see ballooning numbers.
Liberia has been especially hard-hit, with 1,578 deaths from 3,022 cases.
At the same time "the outbreaks in Senegal and Nigeria are pretty much contained," the WHO said in a statement.
Senegal has not reported any new cases of the deadly virus since it registered its first and only case on August 29 -- a Guinean student who has since recovered.
And Nigeria, where 21 people have been infected, eight of whom have died, has not reported any new cases since September 8, the WHO pointed out.
The incubation period for Ebola is 21 days, and double that time must pass without any new cases arising before a country can be deemed transmission-free.
The WHO meanwhile said that a meeting of its Ebola emergency committee last week had determined that the outbreak remained a "public health emergency of international concern".
The committee had reiterated its opposition to general bans on international travel or trade, although people infected with Ebola or who had had contact with Ebola patients should not be permitted to travel, the WHO said.
Blocking flights to or from affected areas and other travel restrictions only serve to "isolate affected countries, resulting in detrimental economic consequences, and hinder relief and response efforts risking further international spread," it warned.
The emergency committee also stressed that in cases where measures like quarantines are deemed necessary, countries must ensure that "they are proportionate and evidence-based, and that accurate information, essential services and commodities, including food and water are provided to the affected populations."
It also insisted that "adequate security measures" should be put in place to ensure the safety and protection of healthcare workers, who face high infection rates and sometimes violence from frustrated and frightened populations.
Last week, eight members of an Ebola education team said to include local health officials and journalists, were found dead after they were attacked by angry locals in southern Guinea.
The emergency committee urged the affected countries to ramp up their response to the outbreak and called on all countries to strengthen their preparedness through simulations and personnel training.

BlackBerry launching cheaper phone with bigg...BlackBerry launching cheaper phone with bigger screen
By AFP | 23 Sep, 2014, 02.53AM IST
BlackBerry is set to unveil its latest smartphone, in a move aimed at reviving the fortunes of the struggling Canadian tech group.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MONTREAL: BlackBerry is set to unveil its latest smartphone Wednesday, in a move aimed at reviving the fortunes of the struggling Canadian tech group.
The BlackBerry Passport with a square 4.5-inch screen and physical keyboard will be priced at $599 without a contract in the United States, chief executive John Chen told the Wall Street Journal.
The price is slightly below the contract-free price of Apple's new iPhone and high-end smartphones from Samsung.
It will be launched at events in Dubai, London and Toronto, before launching in stores 15 days later, he said.
The Passport launch follows the failure of devices on the BlackBerry 10 platform to gain traction, and a management shake-up last year aimed at stemming massive losses.
The Waterloo, Ontario-based company helped create a culture of mobile users glued to smartphones, but lost its luster as many moved to iPhones or devices using Google's Android software.
Last December, BlackBerry unveiled a manufacturing partnership with Taiwan-based Foxconn and a revamped organizational structure.
The deal transfers to Foxconn the manufacturing and inventory management and allows BlackBerry to focus on software and services.
The company is scheduled to release its second quarter results on Friday, which are expected to show the company slowly climbing back from the brink.
In May, BlackBerry launched a new budget handset in Indonesia, one of its last bastions, in the hope it will take off in emerging markets and stem a decline in the smartphone maker's fortunes.
The touchscreen Z3, the first to be produced from the Canadian firm's partnership with Foxconn, is aimed mainly at Asian markets and especially Indonesia, where the company maintains a loyal following, thanks in part to the popularity of its BBM messaging service . The device was launched at a price of under $200 without a contract.

Apple set to shut down Beats music service: ...Apple is set to discontinue the Beats streaming music service it acquired earlier this year to focus on iTunes, the news website TechCrunch reported.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Apple is set to discontinue the Beats streaming music service it acquired earlier this year to focus on iTunes , the news website TechCrunch reported on Monday.
Citing sources at both Apple and Beats, TechCrunch reported that engineers from Beats music have been moved off the product and onto other projects at Apple, including iTunes.
Apple did not respond to an AFP query on the report. TechCrunch said it had not determined a date for the shutdown but that five sources familiar with the product said Apple would "sunset" the brand.
Signs of the move were also evident with the lack of Beats Music pre-installed on the new iPhone 6 and 8 Plus, the report noted.
The Apple Watch unveiled this month includes an unnamed music app with a blue play button, another sign of the end of Beats.
A shutdown also would fit with Apple's strategy of maintaining a unified brand, according to the report.
Apple paid $3 billion for Beats, which is known for high-end audio equipment in addition to the streaming music service, a move which appeared to be aimed at helping the iPhone maker reach new audiences.
Apple's biggest-ever acquisition also brought onboard the talent of Beats brains Dr. Dre, a rap musician, and Jimmy Iovine, a music producer seen by some as a visionary for recognizing the trend toward online streaming.

Airbus  Boeing spar over jet production stra...Airbus, Boeing spar over jet production strategy
By Reuters | 23 Sep, 2014, 02.38AM IST
Airbus and Boeing clashed over jet production, with the European planemaker questioning the viability of its rival's proposals to hike output. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
ISTANBUL: Airbus and Boeing clashed over jet production on Monday, with the European planemaker questioning the viability of its rival's proposals to hike output and Boeing insisting it will only build the number of jets that its buyers and suppliers can handle.
A debate over the sustainability of record production and burgeoning orders for jetliners dominated an aviation gathering in Istanbul , where a minority of participants expressed fears of a glut while most remained confident about air transport growth.
Despite the economic downturn, aircraft demand has been rising as cash-starved airlines upgrade to new fuel-saving models and emerging markets give rise to a boom in air travel.
Assembly lines for narrow body jets such as the Airbus A320 and Boeing 737 are running faster than ever and both of the world's leading planemakers are studying plans for further increases after switching over to new fuel-saving models in mid-decade.
But a senior Airbus executive warned against a "Field of Dreams" strategy of raising output in the hope of spurring more sales and vowed not to chase after marginal deals.
"Smooth production is critically important to the manufacturers of aircraft ... but also to those who finance the aircraft," Leahy told the Istat Europe air finance conference.
"Running production up and chasing after orders and then doubling back down is not necessarily the right way to go," he said, pointing to a chart demonstrating greater historical production volatility at Boeing which has seemed more willing until recently to ride the highs and lows of aircraft demand.
Airbus says it is considering increasing production of its A320 family from 42 a month now to 46 a month in 2016. It is looking at a future increase to 50 A320 planes a month.
Boeing plans to increase to 47 a month in 2017 from 42 now and last week gave its strongest signal so far that it could increase production to some 52 aircraft a month by around 2018.
Airbus says it tries to avoid excessive output swings and that it has kept output more stable during the major crises of the last decade. Boeing says it responds to market forces, though it is also less constrained by Europe's labour laws.
"Are we studying a (monthly) rate 50? Of course we are. Are we implementing it? Not yet. Do we have the orders for it? Of course we do. The question is when do you commit, because we want to keep that (production) line smooth," Leahy said.
A senior Boeing official denied that there was anything speculative or risky about its production plans.
"Today we are building 42 (737-family) airplanes a month and plan to go to 47 in 2017. We see very strong demand after that, in fact we see upward pressure in rates," said Randy Tinseth, vice president of marketing at Boeing Commercial Airplanes.
"We don't make those decisions unless the demand is real, unless we know we can deliver the airplanes and unless we believe we can operate at that higher rate for a substantial period of time in order for us to recognise the benefits of the higher rate as well as our supply chain," he told Reuters.
Both companies have thousands of orders for the latest versions of their best-selling narrow body planes, which are popular with low-cost airlines.
Airbus lags Boeing in orders this year but is ahead in total orders for the latest generation of narrow body models, though Boeing says the race is tied over a comparable period.
Leahy said Airbus's revamped A320neo would make its keenly awaited first flight in France on Thursday, following what industry sources have described as last-minute engine concerns.
By increasing production, both planemakers can free up slots for earlier delivery to customers but industry experts say they can also boost margins as they divide costs between more units.
"It's a volume game," a senior industry executive said.

http://usat.ly/ZDlzL0ETF smackdown: Dividend aristocrat vs. buyback achiever
By: John Waggoner September 22, 2014 3:58 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Which is better for investors: Buybacks or dividend increases? Thanks to the miracle of specialty mutual funds, we have an answer.
Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY
Companies that raise their dividends every year show that they are mindful of their shareholders and confident about the future. A dividend hike is a nice way to thank shareholders by putting cash directly in their pockets. And, because Wall Street loathes dividend cuts, a company that raises a dividend is also signaling that it will be able to maintain that dividend in the future.
Corporate buybacks are popular because they reduce the number of shares outstanding. All other things being equal, fewer shares means the remaining shares are more valuable.
Of the two strategies, raising dividends has been the most popular with investors — or at least with investors in exchange-traded funds. The SPDR S&P Dividend ETF (SDY) tracks the Dividend Aristocrats index, which tracks the stocks of companies that have raised their dividends every year for the past 25 years. The fund has $13 billion in assets, despite an estimated $1.4 billion outflow the past 12 months.
The smaller PowerShares Buyback Achievers (PKW) has just $2.8 billion in assets, although it has gained $1.2 billion in new investor money the past 12 months. To merit inclusion in the fund, a company must have shrunk its number of shares by at least 5% in the past 12 months.
How do the two funds shape up? The past 12 months, SPDR S&P Dividend ETF has gained 14%, vs. 17.6% for PowerShares Buyback Achievers. Dividend achievers have lagged buyback achievers the past three years, too — and rather dramatically. PowerShares Buyback Achievers is up 91% the past three years, vs 65% for dividend achievers.
PowerShares Buyback Achievers has lagged the S&P 500 the past 12 months: It’s up 17.7%, vs. 20% for the S&P 500. (All these figures include reinvested dividends.) But the Buyback Achievers fund has beaten the S&P 500 the past three and five years. Dividend achievers, alas, have been underachievers, trailing the S&P 500 badly the past one, three and five years.
The SPDR S&P Dividend ETF has one advantage: Its expense ratio is 0.35%, vs 0.68% for PowerShares Buyback Achievers. But it’s possible that PowerShares Buyback Achievers could reduce its expense ratio as it grows.
Of course, companies have many other options for their cash, such as investing in new equipment, expanding to increase market share or even sharing their profits with employees by handing out raises. Raising dividends and buying back stock does nothing to increase sales or revenues. Unfortunately, there are no funds that track the success of companies that reinvest in their own business.
 

http://usat.ly/1uzwZISFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Treasury cracks down on corporate tax 'inversions'
The Treasury Department has announced long-awaited changes to tax rules designed to prevent companies from avoiding taxes by moving their headquarters overseas.
Post to Facebook
Treasury cracks down on corporate tax 'inversions' The Treasury Department has announced long-awaited changes to tax rules designed to prevent companies from avoiding taxes by moving their headquarters overseas. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uzwZIS
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
156
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Treasury cracks down on corporate tax 'inversions'
Gregory Korte , USA TODAY 10:23 p.m. EDT September 22, 2014
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew speaks during a forum at the Brookings Institution's Hamilton Project Monday in Washington, D.C.
(Photo: Mark Wilson, Getty Images)
1031 CONNECT 530 TWEET 52 LINKEDIN 156 COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON — The Treasury Department will crack down on so-called tax "inversions," targeting companies that try to avoid taxes by moving their headquarters overseas.
Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew said the new rules would help close what he called a "glaring loophole in the U.S. tax code" in which U.S. companies acquire foreign businesses and then switch their citizenship to avoid paying U.S. taxes.
Corporate inversions mean tax hit for shareholders http://t.co/GYd6I1BAPt
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 23, 2014
One rule, for example, would make it more difficult for a smaller foreign company to take over a larger U.S. company, strengthening a requirement that the American-owned company own less than 80% of the new, foreign company. When the former American parent is more than 60% but less than 80% of the new company — as most recent inversion deals have been — the merger would be allowed but with significant tax consequences.
Another rule would target so-called "hopscotch" loans, in which companies get around taxes on dividends by instead distributing their earnings in the form of a loan to the foreign company. Those would now be taxable in the United States.
To deter inversions, overhaul corporate taxes: Our view
The Treasury Department is still fleshing out the details on the new guidance, but it is putting companies on notice that deals that close on or after Monday's announcement will be subject to the new tax rules.
"For some companies considering deals, today's actions may mean that those transactions no longer make economic sense," Lew said. He said more actions could be on the way.
Lew said the Treasury Department was also careful to target cases where the mergers were primarily for tax avoidance. "Genuine cross-border mergers make the U.S. economy stronger by enabling U.S. companies to invest overseas and encouraging foreign investment to flow into the United States," he said.
Inversions aren't a new problem, but a number of high-profile deals have rekindled interest in addressing the issue. Burger King is in talks to be acquired by Canadian company Tim Hortons, and an outcry over a similar plan by drugstore chain Walgreens caused that company to abandon its inversion plans.
One prominent Republican said the rules show the Obama administration "is only interested in doing the bare minimum — just enough to say they care."
"We've been down this rabbit hole before, and until the White House gets serious about tax reform, we are going to keep losing good companies and jobs to countries that have or are actively reforming their tax laws," said House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp, R-Mich.
Wyden seeks bipartisan bill on tax inversions
White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Monday the Obama administration would prefer to have Congress deal with the issue as part of a larger reform of corporate taxes. One reason: The administration can only make the rules apply to future deals.
"We would like to see Congress pass a measure that would be retroactive to ensure that companies who are trying to game the system and beat Congress to the punchline here are not able to do so — or at least, they're not able to benefit from it," Earnest said.
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Ron Wyden, D-Ore., is working on a bipartisan bill that would block inversions retroactive to May 8. The bipartisan Joint Committee on Taxation says that proposal would raise revenues by $19 billion over 10 years.
Wyden said the Treasury announcement "reinforces the urgency for action before this growing wave of inversions erodes our nation's tax base." He said he hopes Congress can act in the "lame-duck" session after the Nov. 4 election.
Follow @gregorykorte on Twitter.
1031 CONNECT 530 TWEET 52 LINKEDIN 156 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uzwZIS
USA NOW
Marion Barry, former D.C. mayor, passes away at age 78
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1rj1jJ5FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Inside London's massive sewer tunnel project
Billions of dollars are being spent on a massive super sewer to take away London's vast output of waste, which is endangering the River Thames. (Sept. 22)
Post to Facebook
Inside London's massive sewer tunnel project Billions of dollars are being spent on a massive super sewer to take away London's vast output of waste, which is endangering the River Thames. (Sept. 22) Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1siRBZw
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Inside London's massive sewer tunnel project
Billions of dollars are being spent on a massive super sewer to take away London's vast output of waste, which is endangering the River Thames. (Sept. 22) AP
More Videos:

Samsung picks India for debutSamsung picks India for debut
UPDATE 2-U.S. opposes linking Iran cooperation on Islamic State to nuclear talksUPDATE 2-U.S. opposes linking Iran cooperation on Islamic State to nuclear talks
CII launches initiative to support start-upsCII launches initiative to support start-ups
Xi Jinping s visit removed  some suspicions  in relations with India  says ChinaXi Jinping s visit removed  some suspicions  in relations with India  says China
Privatise Air India: It s now or neverPrivatise Air India: It s now or never
LIC investment value jumps 45% in 1 year  beats indicesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Government pitches for status quo on state transfersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Canadian regulator ask Ipca to halt API exportsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tiny implants to give humans self-healing powersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ghosal does a first for India at the Asian GamesPrint
Incheon, Sep 22 (IANS) Saurav Ghosal thrashed his Malaysian opponent in straight sets in the squash men's singles semifinals at the Yeorumul Squash Courts here Monday in the 17th Asian Games and was eyeing the gold in Tuesday's final.
Ghosal, the top seed, comprehensively defeated Ong Beng Hee 11-9, 11-4, 11-5 in just 45 minutes to become first Indian squash player to reach the final at Asian Games.
The 28-year-old Ghosal, who had shared 2010 Asiad bronze with Beng Hee, started the first game positively, winning it 11-9.
Ghosal, who had also won the singles bronze at the 2006 Asiad, didn't give many chances to the 2002 and 2006 Asian Games champion Beng Hee to win the next two games 11-4, 11-5.
In the final to be held Tuesday, the 28-year-old Indian will meet the winner between Kuwait's Almezayen Abdullah and Hong Kong's Yin Ho Lee.
Apart from the individual competition, the World No.16 Ghosal also has the onus of leading India's challenge in the team event.
Indian team had won bronze in Guangzhou Asian Games in 2010.
Earlier in the day, India's top female player Dipika Pallikal settled for bronze after losing the semi-final match 4-11, 4-4 and 5-11 to World No.1 Nicol David of Malaysia.
Recommend

Merck to buy USs Sigma-Aldrich for $17bn© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/933f4590-4243-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scottish infrastructure hiatus showsScottish infrastructure hiatus highlights role of foreign investment
By Patrick Jenkins
Roll call of landmark projects reveals just how important foreign capital has become
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3dcd3fcc-4261-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

This baby solar system might have blustery windsBy Rachel Feltman September 22 Follow @rachelfeltman
An artist's rendition of AS 205 N. (P. Marenfeld/NOAO/AURA/NSF)
T Tauri stars are the infant versions of our own sun -- so astronomers usually have a pretty good handle on understanding them. But sometimes, they're a little quirky. AS 205 N is one that's got scientists scratching their heads, with recent telescope data only adding to the mystery.
AS 205 N is a T Tauri star about 407 light years away (in the constellation Ophiuchus, the Snake Bearer). In a new paper published in the Astrophysical Journal, Colette Salyk of the National Optical Astronomical Observatory and her colleagues report that AS 205 N might be throwing infrared radiation into space on the back of a strong cosmic wind.
But it's also possible that the radiation isn't being blown off AS 205 N, but is being sucked away from it by a neighboring star.
Salyk and her fellow researchers studied the carbon monoxide around AS 205 N, which usually serves as a good tracer for all of the gases in a star. As expected, the movement indicated that gas was moving off the star -- perhaps evidence of wind. But the movement wasn't exactly as astronomers thought it would be, leaving the actual cause unclear.
Because AS 205 N is part of a multiple star system, they think that its companion -- called AS 205 S -- might be the gas thief. But it's also possible that AS 205 N just has wind that's a little funky.
The authors will continue to use the ALMA radio telescopes  to gather data on this and other unusual T Tauri stars. With any luck, they'll find others that share AS 205 N's gas pushing -- or pulling -- predicament.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Telangana govt releases Rs 4 250 cr to banks for loan waiverE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Alibaba s Jack Ma is second richest AsianAlibaba s Jack Ma is second richest Asian
Alibaba IPO worlds biggest at $25 bnE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Investments at the core of Xi Jinpings India agendaPM Narendra Modi offers an umbrella to Chinese President Xi Jinping on the Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (AP)
Ahmedabad | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:27 am
India and China, together more than 17% of the global economy and poised to dramatically increase that share over the next few decades by growing much faster than the stuttering western giants, on Wednesday reaffirmed their commitment to bolster and diversify their economic ties. On a day China’s president Xi Jinping, accompanied by his wife Peng Liyuan, arrived in Ahmedabad and was received with warmth and a bouquet of lilies by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his 64th birthday, a flurry of economic deals between the two countries began, eclipsing their long-standing border dispute, at least temporarily.
The dominant theme of Xi’s three-day visit to the southern neighbour is a pledge to raise China’s investment in Indian infrastructure and manufacturing manifold from the current abysmal levels (a paltry $410 million since April 2000) to tens of billions of dollars in a rather short span of time.
The bulk of this money would likely go to improving India’s creeping railway infrastructure and building roads and seaports in the country, which is facing a huge infrastructure deficit and teething problems with its public-private partnership (PPP) model for key infrastructure projects, particularly in the wake of a rather prolonged economic slowdown.
Before departing for India, Xi highlighted how the “world’s factory” (China) and the “world’s back office” (India) would together drive global economic growth by creating new consumer markets. He was referring to the potentially wholesome communion of China’s robust manufacturing sector and India’s software and scientific skills.
On Wednesday, the two sides signed a $6.8-billion agreement to set up two industrial parks in Gujarat, Modi’s home state. Separately, India’s low-cost airline IndiGo signed a $2.6-billion deal with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China for the latter to finance the acquisition of more than 30 new aircraft, even as in New Delhi $3.4 billion worth of agreements were signed between Chinese and Indian firms.
Indian and Chinese economies differ much in size (China’s economy is five times India’s in terms of nominal GDP and more than twice as large on a purchasing power parity basis), and composition (except for refined petroleum products, there are few things in common between the two countries’ top 25 export products and services exports are much more crucial for the Indian economy than China’s).
But given that China is facing a constraint in sustaining its largely export-led growth and its capital investments abroad doesn’t measure up to its enviable share of world trade and India is direly in need of capital in its infrastructure sector, new areas of synergies have emerged between the two countries, analysts say.
On Wednesday, Beijing inked MoUs with Gujarat for establishing sister-province relations with Guangdong, China’s most industrialised province, and sister-city relation between Ahmedabad and Guangzhou. This will continued…

FDI in construction likely to be eased before PMs US visitAccording to sources, the department of industrial policy and promotion has floated a Cabinet note on the proposal for inter-ministerial consultations.
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:18 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 9:30 am
Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the United States next week, the government is expected to ease norms for foreign direct investment in the construction sector.
According to sources, the department of industrial policy and promotion — the nodal agency for FDI rules — has floated a Cabinet note on the proposal for inter-ministerial consultations.
“The proposal, which is on the lines of the Budget announcement, is likely to be taken up by the Union Cabinet in its next meeting,” said an official familiar with the development. Once it is approved, it is expected to be notified immediately, he added.
Accordingly, the DIPP has proposed to reduce the requirement of the built-up area and capital conditions for FDI in the sector to 20,000 square metre and $5 million, respectively, with a three-year post- completion lock-in. Currently, the requirements are for built up area of 50,000 square metre and capital of $10 million.
Though 100 per cent FDI is permitted through the automatic route in the construction sector, finance minister Arun Jaitley had in the Union Budget in July announced plans to liberalise norms to “to encourage development of Smart Cities, which will also provide habitation for the neo-middle class”.
“The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill to hike FDI in the sector to 49 per cent is already in Parliament while higher FDI caps for defence and railways has been notified. This is the last announcement on FDI that is to be implemented,” said the official, adding that it will help the government attract investments to the sector.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to leave for the US on September 26 for a five day visit where he is also expected to meet US businessmen as he seeks to promote India as an investment destination.
The NDA government has been keen to promote construction of smart cities to help meet the country’s urbanisation challenge and 100 such cities are being planned to be constructed. The government is understood to be identifying such cities at present that will be selected based on their population.
VISION SMART CITY
BUILT-UP AREA: To be reduced to 20,000 sq metre
CAPITAL CONDITIONS: Reduced to $5 million
LOCK-IN PERIOD: Three years post completion
SMART CITY: The government is looking at liberalising the FDI norms in construction with an eye on realising its Smart City vision

US Fed pledges to keep interest rates near zero for a considerable timeJanet Yellen, Chairwoman, US Federal Reserve
Reuters | Washington/new York | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:29 am | Updated: September 18, 2014 9:55 am
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday renewed a pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a “considerable time” and repeated concerns over slack in the country’s labour market, standing firm against calls to overhaul its policy statement.
Many economists and traders had expected the central bank to alter the rate guidance it has provided since March, given generally improving data on the economy’s performance. But the Fed repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a “considerable time” after a bond-buying stimulus programme wraps up. In a statement after a two-day meeting, it announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the programme on course to be shuttered next month.
The policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) also repeated its assessment that a “significant” amount of slack remains in the US labour market, a further sign it is no rush to raise benchmark borrowing costs.
The Fed also released quarterly economic and interest rate projections from its 17 policymakers, extending out to 2017 for the first time.
For the end of next year, the median of the projections was 1.375 per cent, compared to 1.125 per cent in June, while the end-2016 projection moved up to 2.875 per cent from 2.50 per cent. For 2017, the median stood at 3.75 per cent. The Fed also released a new blueprint on its exit strategy, outlining key measures it plans to take in moving from loose to more normal monetary policy. Among its plans, the Fed said that it expects to end or phase out reinvestments after it begins raising interest rates, depending on the state of the economy.
Some Fed officials have stated publicly that the central bank should stand ready to move rates up sooner and faster than financial markets currently expect given the spate of mostly good news on the economy.
Global markets edge up as US Fed makes no changes
Stock markets around the world edged higher on Wednesday after the US Federal Reserve renewed a pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a “considerable time,” as had been expected. In afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average  was up 56.90 points, or 0.33 per cent, at 17,188.87. The Standard & Poor’s 500 Index was up 8.62 points, or 0.43 per cent, at 2,007.60. The Nasdaq Composite Index was up 24.02 points, or 0.53 per cent, at 4,576.78. The MSCI International ACWI Price Index rose 0.3 per cent while an index of top European shares ended up 0.4 per cent.
Repeats assurance
* The US Federal Reserve repeated its assurance that rates would stay ultra-low for a “considerable time” after a bond-buying stimulus programme wraps up
* In a statement after a two-day meeting, it announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the programme to be shut next month
* The FOMC also repeated its assessment that a “significant” amount of slack remains in the US labour market, a further sign it is no rush to raise benchmark borrowing costs

BSE Sensex zooms over 480 pts to close at 27 112; Nifty reclaims 8K levelAfter yesterday's rebound, the benchmark BSE Sensex slipped over 118 points. Reuters
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 18, 2014 1:33 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 4:14 pm
The BSE Sensex today zoomed about 481 points to end at 27,112.21, while the broader NSE Nifty soared over 139 points to close at 8,114.75.
The Sensex reclaimed the 27,000-mark after a week, gaining nearly 2 per cent on Thursday, posting their biggest daily gain in over three months, on hopes foreign buying would continue as country can better weather any US Fed-related volatility due to improving fundamentals.
Traders said a report from news channel Zee Business that Standard & Poor’s would raise its outlook on India to “stable” from “negative” also boosted shares. S&P officials were not immediately reachable for comment.
Larsen & Toubro Ltd provisionally rose 3.8 percent, while Tata Motors ended 3.4 percent higher.
The 30-share Sensex after opening in the negative zone rebounded to regain the psychological 27,000-mark for the first time since September 11 to trade 446 points, or 1.68 per cent, higher at 27,077.65.
The gauge had gained over 138 points in yesterday’s trade.
All sectoral indices led by realty, consumer durables and capital goods were trading in positive terrain with gains up to 4.26 per cent.
Also, the NSE 50-share Nifty regained 8,000 level after falling to 7,939.70 at the outset.
Brokers said sentiments bolstered on optimism that trade ties with China would attract foreign inflows and revive country’s economic growth, triggering a flurry of buying by participants, helping the Sensex to regain 27,000-mark.
Meanwhile, China plans to invest around USD 500 billion overseas in the next five years, a large share of which is expected to find India’s way.
Stocks of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries rose 2.31 per cent after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck & Co for using investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, tildrakizumab, for treatment of plaque proriasis.
Other prominent gainers were Hero MotoCorp (2.86 pc), Larsen & Toubro (2.66 pc), Reliance Industries (RIL) (1.81 pc), ONGC (1.41 pc), NTPC (2.24 pc), HDFC Ltd (2.96 pc), BHEL (2.97 pc), SBI (1.98 pc), Axis Bank (1.34 pc), ICICI Bank (1.90 pc) and Cipla (1.37 pc).

Clarify stand on gas pricing: Supreme Court to governmentPrint
Posted: September 19, 2014 5:00 am
The Supreme Court on Thursday asked the Centre to clarify whether it will continue with the previous UPA government policy on gas pricing mechanism or it has its own policy in view of a four-member committee of secretaries having submitted its report recently on the issue.
A Bench headed by Justice TS Thakur asked solicitor general Ranjit Kumar to clarify whether the government is going to change the C Rangarajan pricing formula notified in January that doubled the gas price to $8.4 per million British thermal unit or come with its own pricing formula.
Kumar told the court that it will file an affidavit after the government will take a decision on the gas pricing, which is likely to be announced by September 30. The court posted the matter for further hearing on November 14.
The Narendra Modi-led government had last month constituted a committee comprising secretaries of power, fertiliser and expenditure with additional secretary in the oil ministry as its member secretary to review the pricing formula keeping in mind public interest and recommendations of the Parliamentary Standing Committee, which said gas price should have some linkage with the cost of production.
However, the new recommendations that have been kept under wraps for the time being are to be reviewed by the oil ministry before taking any decision.
The Rangarajan formula, approved by the UPA government, was to be implemented from April 1 but was deferred by three months as general election was announced. Even the Election Commission has asked the previous government to postpone its implementation. The NDA government on June 25 delayed its implementation by three more months pending a comprehensive review.
When the counsel for petitioners wanted the Bench to stop the government from effecting any price revision for already developed oil fields, the Bench observed that let the government function for a while first. “Its a parliamentary democracy. The government is accountable on the floor of the House. You can raise it there. Why have you taken upon yourself to deal with the issue,” Justice Thakur said, while asking RIL to file its reply on the stay application filed by Common Cause, an NGO.
Counsel Prashant Bhushan told the court that an increase in gas price would lead to an increase in cost of urea, power and domestic gas. “Every dollar increase in gas price translates to around Rs 1,400 per tonne rise in fertiliser production cost. Rs 20,000 crore will go from government coffers towards providing subsidy to the fertiliser units,” he said asking the court to direct the government to keep the oil price hike in abeyance till the final disposal of the case. However, RIL senior counsel Harish Salve denied having any impact of price revision on the general public.
The apex court is hearing three petitions raising various issues including a directions to restrain the Centre from increasing the gas price from $4.2 to $8.4 per mmbtu at least for the gas taken from the existing fields like KG D-6 basin.
Senior CPI MP Gurudas Dasgupta and Common Cause have continued…

China promises concrete steps for market accessChinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan with Chairman Emeritus of Tata Sons Ratan Tata at Rashtrapati Bhavan on Thursday. PTI
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:04 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 10:23 am
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday assured Prime Minister Narendra Modi that Beijing is committed to taking “concrete steps” to address India’s concerns on market access and investment opportunities.
This came as Xi also made a financial commitment to realise $20 billion of Chinese investments in the next five years, much less than what the Japanese pledged for $35 billion couple of weeks ago.
After meeting him, Modi said, “We agreed that our economic relations do not do justice to our potential. I expressed concern at the slowdown in trade and the worsening trade imbalance. I sought his partnership in improving market access and investment opportunities for Indian companies in China. President Xi assured me of his commitment to take concrete steps to address our concerns.”
He also said that he has invited Chinese investments in India’s infrastructure and manufacturing sectors and briefed Xi about his government’s new policies and administrative steps in this area.
China on Thursday committed $20 billion investment over the next five years and agreed to provide greater market access to Indian products in farm, pharma and gems and jewellery sectors, with a view to reducing the large trade gap with India.
The ‘Five-year Trade and Economic Development Plan’ was signed by commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman and her Chinese counterpart Gao Hucheng in the presence of Modi and Xi.
The agreement seeks to reduce the bilateral trade imbalance and strengthen investment cooperation to realise $20 billion investment from China in the next five years, among other things.
As per the agreement, China will provide market access to Indian pharmaceuticals, handicrafts, textile, gems and jewellery, bovine meat, oil meals, basmati and non-basmati rice, fruits and vegetables.
India has been pressing China to lower duties on these items with a view to encouraging exports and bringing down the trade gap that increased exponentially from $18.65 billion in 2009 to $36.86 billion in 2013.
Modi said: “I am pleased with the agreements on two Chinese industrial parks in India and a commitment to realise $20 billion of Chinese investments in the next five years. This opens a new chapter in our economic relations.”
As per the MoU signed in June, 2014, China will set up an auto industrial park in Maharashtra and electricity equipment industrial park in Gujarat.

Gold falls toward 8-mth low as US Fed outlook strengthens dollarPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:45 pm
Gold today fell toward an eight-month low after the Federal Reserve raised its interest-rate forecasts this week, strengthening the dollar.
Gold lost 0.2 per cent to USD 1,222.71 an ounce. Prices are down a third week and reached USD 1,216.03 yesterday, the lowest since January 2. Silver also lost 0.1 per cent to USD 18.51 an ounce. It reached USD 18.29 yesterday, the lowest since June 2013.
Gold fell 0.6 per cent this week as the US central bank raised its estimate for the federal funds rate even as policy makers kept a pledge to hold borrowing costs near zero for a considerable time after ending debt buying.
The dollar soared to a 14-month high versus the euro yesterday.

Africas grassroots game-changerIn Africa, big plans for bamboo bikes
Ken Wysocky
About the author
Ken is a freelance writer and editor who resides in suburban Milwaukee, Wisconsin. A former newspaper reporter and magazine editor, Ken has more than 25 years of editorial and communications experience.
Read more about these links.
The Yonso Project, making bamboo bicycles in Ghana. (Booomers International)
As improbable as it may seem, a product that debuted 120 years ago, then quickly disappeared – the bamboo bicycle – is now re-emerging as a potential catalyst for economic growth in Ghana and other impoverished sub-Saharan countries.
Related
London's £600m floating bike path
The first bamboo bike was a minor sensation when the Bamboo Cycle Company introduced it in London in 1894. The bikes won praise from none other than Lord Edward Spencer-Churchill – a distant relative of Winston Churchill – who was one of a handful of aristocrats who received one as part of a publicity stunt. 
But in terms of market traction, the novel, rustic-looking velocipedes never got rolling. Some might see that as a cautionary tale for promoters who see bamboo bikes (and a host of other products made from bamboo) as economic saviours in under-developed countries. But bamboo believers like Kwabena Danso remain undaunted.
“Bamboo bikes are starting to get a lot of attention on the international scene,” notes Danso, the chief executive officer of Booomers International , a two-year-old, bamboo-bike-building subsidiary of the Yonso Project , a grassroots community-development organisation in Ghana. Trend-spotting note: Last November, United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon gave A-list exposure to a bike made by the Ghana Bamboo Bikes Initiative when he took it for a ride at the Warsaw Climate Change Conference. And several years ago, the Philippines presented US President Barack Obama with a bamboo bicycle made by the Manila-based Bambike Company .
Danso also points out that the United Nations Environment Programme estimates that by 2020, the sustainable-transportation market will reach $197bn. “We think bamboo bicycles will take a large percentage of this – about 40%,” he says. “They will take centre stage in the coming years.”
(Booomers International)
There is little doubt that making bike frames from bamboo makes sense. You want sustainability? Think about this: bamboo is the fastest-growing plant in the world (some species can grow 35 inches in 24 hours), so it’s a virtually inexhaustible raw material. And bamboo keeps growing after it is harvested – no replanting required.
Moreover, it takes only a couple of bamboo stalks to build a bike frame. And unlike their steel, aluminium, titanium and carbon fibre cousins, bamboo frames leave almost no carbon footprint during manufacturing. The only notable blemish on their eco-cred is a resin epoxy used to reinforce the joints.
Bamboo is also very light, yet still offers more tensile strength than steel (28,000 newtons per square inch, compared to 23,000 for steel) and dampens shocks and vibrations better, too.
Along with other groups such as the aforementioned Ghana Bamboo Bike Initiative and Bamboosero , founded by renowned bike-frame designer Craig Calfee (who taught Danso how to fabricate bamboo frames), Booomers is helping Ghana become a nascent haven for bamboo-bike building. A robust bamboo-bike cottage industry would be a boon to the country, which suffers from high unemployment, especially among people between the ages 18 and 25. And supplying even just Ghanaians – much less global markets – with affordable bikes would help mitigate transportation woes, particularly in rural areas, where simple things like a trip to school or bringing products to market are a challenge, Danso notes.
(Booomers International)
So what’s stopping the bamboo bike market from becoming a juggernaut? As always, it’s all about the money – or lack thereof.
“Our biggest problem is funding,” Danso says. “We are looking for investors so we can buy more tools and procure supplies in bulk, which would allow us reduce the cost of the bikes, as well as ramp up production. Our ultimate goal is to raise $100,000.”
Until then, Booomers has a way to go before turning Ghana into a bike-making powerhouse. The company employs just 11 people at its small workshop in central Ghana. Including time spent harvesting, it takes about 40 worker-hours to fashion a bamboo frame. Current production capacity? About 600 bikes a year, Danso says.
“Our goal is 1,000 bikes a year, but we are nowhere near that,” he notes. “Last year we produced only 250 bikes because we can’t buy materials in bulk. All our profits get plowed right back into the business.”             
Booomers currently sells bike frames for $220 (excluding shipping costs) to distributors in Germany, the Netherlands, Taiwan and Australia. The company also sells frames online for $300 to $350, Danso says.
The net profit is $85 per frame, a significant amount of money in Ghana, Danso notes. The Yonso Project receives 20% of all profits, which fund educational scholarships, libraries and micro-finance business loans for women in rural areas.
(Booomers International)
Looking ahead, Danso wants to establish bamboo plantations, which would employ more people and reduce operating expenses; Booomers currently pays farmers for the right to harvest bamboo on their farmland, which is roughly six miles away. “We want to create an employment chain from the plantations to building bikes to distribution,” he says. Danso also would like to use plantations to introduce a new species of bamboo that would be even more shock-resistant.
On the marketing front, Booomers also is launching a tour-Ghana-by-bike programme, where at tour’s end, participants would take their Booomers bikes home, boosting market exposure.
It remains to be seen whether bamboo bikes gain mass acceptance in the years ahead or suffer the ephemeral fate of their late 19th-Century predecessor. But until then, bamboo bikes are enjoying their back-to-the-future moment.
“In the long term, we want to branch into other bamboo products,” Danso says. “China has done it, so Ghana and Africa can do it, too. But the bicycles come first. They could be a game-changer. I’m always optimistic when it comes to bamboo bikes.”
(Booomers International)
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

ICRA upgrades Jet Airways credit ratingPrint
Mumbai | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:24 am
Credit rating agency ICRA, which had downgraded Jet Airways’ loan rating in August, has upgraded it after due consideration, the airline said in a BSE filing on Friday.
“The rating committee of ICRA has after due consideration upgraded the long-term rating for Line of Credit from ICRA D to ICRA C,” the filing said.
“Further the rating committee of ICRA has also upgraded the short-term rating for Line of Credit from ICRA D to ICRA A4,” it added.
In its August 21 report, ICRA had downgraded Jet Airways’ long-term debt rating to ICRA D from ICRA BB. Instruments in D rating are either on default or expected to default soon.
Jet Airways took up the issue with ICRA saying the delay in debt servicing, which led to lowering the rating from D to BB, had already been resolved during the previous financial year.
At the end of March 31, 2014, Jet Airways’ net debt stood at Rs 10,258 crore, according to Bloomberg data.
The Indian aviation sector has been making huge losses due to high jet fuel prices (comprises 50-60% of airlines’ costs), apart from high airport taxes and aircraft lease rentals.
According to Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA), Indian airlines are expected to post losses of $1.3-1.4 billion in FY15, down from a $1.7-billion loss last year
Naresh Goyal, the promoter of Jet Airways, had in August said the airline, which last posted a profit in the quarter ended December 2012, is looking to turn around its operations and head towards profitability by financial year 2017. The airline is said to have taken several measures to achieve this feat, such as streamlining various subsidiaries into one full service airline.
The Jet airways stock closed 2.64% higher on BSE, at Rs 231.45, on Friday. The benchmark BSE closed 0.08% down, at 27,090.42 on Friday.

A New player in the housing marketThe construction major NBCC is promising transparency, on-time delivery and green features.
Written by Sandeep Singh | Posted: September 20, 2014 5:07 am | Updated: September 20, 2014 9:47 am
The housing market in the country today is primarily driven by private sector developers and the government has largely restricted itself to the role of a promoter of housing schemes such as the Delhi Development Authority, the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority and various other state housing boards.
There is, however, a government-owned company that is emerging as a player in the residential real estate sector. Hitherto, known for undertaking turnkey construction projects, the National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) has set itself a target of 10,000 housing units for the general public across the country over the next five years. This comes at a time when real estate developers are yet to emerge from the market downturn.
“We have said that in the next five years we will develop a minimum of 10,000 units for general public but you will see this number getting revised every three months. We plan to substantially take this up and move in line with the government’s objective for housing for all by 2022,” said Anoop Kumar Mittal, CMD, NBCC.
Currently, NBCC is working on redevelopment of government residential buildings in New Delhi and has bagged redevelopment projects in Rajasthan, Orissa and other states.
Its group housing projects are spread across various locations such as Gurgaon, Ghaziabad, Bhubaneswar, Kolkata. Patna and Kochi. The company has a land bank of over 200 acres and has acquired land in Jaipur, Alwar and Raipur.
“We will raise our capacity and land bank substantially. We are purchasing land from different authorities, housing boards and state governments. We are also looking for surplus land of public sector units or sick units as they have land in prime localities not just in metros but also in tier II and III cities. We are targeting them and telling them to either sell them to us or enter into a joint venture with us as it will benefit everyone — NBCC, the PSU and public at large,” said Mittal.
Market observers feel that with NBCC emerging as a key player, and its expansion will fill the huge lacuna in affordable housing, and would also force private developers to take a relook at their practices of high loading (super built-up area, extra charges under various heads such as parking) and the general lack of transparency.
“The need of the hour is to have an organisation that understands and operates with the motive of not just making profits but of providing affordable housing as no private player wants to operate in that area because of low margins. We need more organisations like NBCC that work with the objective of developing houses,” said Gulam Zia, head advisory services, Knight Frank.
Does this mean that NBCC homes would be priced lower than that of private developers? Not necessarily, said Mittal, as the company would operate as any other developer and the projects would be priced at market rates. He, however, added continued…

Make in India: Hurdles to be resolved in 72 hoursE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

ICICI Bank s Chanda Kochhar  others in Fortune list of powerful womenE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

MBK lines up $2.4bn Taiwan TV exitSouth Korea’s MBK strikes deal to sell Taiwan TV broadcaster
By Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5539db0e-2c02-11e4-a03c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Blackstone Asia chief returning to USBlackstone Asia chief returning to US
By Henny Sender in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b250816-bbac-11e3-b2b7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Centre  states to track project progress via joint mechanismPrint
Written by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi | Posted: September 22, 2014 12:48 am
In a novel exercise, the Centre and states have decided to join force to set up a mechanism to fast-track stalled infrastructure projects. The proposed ‘joint mechanism’, to be headed by Cabinet secretary Ajit Seth and comprising chief secretaries of concerned states, aims at expediting the implementation of projects that have a cumulative investment potential of nearly Rs 10 lakh crore.
To fix the responsibility for delays in various projects, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has directed the formulation of a database on major contracting firms entrusted to supply equipment and raw materials for different projects and upload their details in the procurement portals of concerned Union ministries and state-run companies.
While electronic procurement is gradually becoming the norm in most government procurement, the concerned Union ministries should focus on making the suppliers accountable for untimely delivery, the Prime Minister has said.
The government has decided that the mechanism would also be web-based for online resolution of issues. Currently no known mechanism exists to coordinate execution of projects between the Centre and the states.
On fast tracking the ongoing projects, the government has intensified the monitoring of progress, as key projects such as roads, airports and electricity generation are way behind their annual targets.
The Planning Commission, which the Prime Minister wants to be dismantled, has cautioned that while much less money is being spent for giving facelift to infrastructure development, even the pace of execution of various projects is also tardy.
Seth had already told an industry delegation in December last year that about 255 projects are stalled entailing an investment of nearly Rs 10 lakh crore, but considering that the previous UPA government was on its last leg, not much headway could be made.
The bad loans of public sector banks led to their gross non performing assets increase by nearly four times from March 2010 (Rs 59,972 crore) to March 2014 (Rs 2,04,249 crore), according to the Economic Survey of the finance ministry.
In a presentation to Modi on September 10, the Plan panel cited that the Airports Authority of India (AAI) has invested only Rs 162 crore during the April-August period against a targeted expenditure of Rs 934 crore for 2014-15.
While the AAI is yet to declare airports in Bhopal, Indore and Raipur as international airports, it has still not identified four airports to be developed along with private partnership in the first five months of 2014-15. Portraying a dismal picture for the railways, the presentation said it only 450 km of new lines were constructed in 2013-14, but has managed to construct only 39 km out of a targeted 300 km during the first five months of 2014-15. It achieved only 36 km of gauge conversion and electrified only 97 kms.
In the roads sector, construction of 1,860 kms of roads awarded against targeted 8,500 kms and 178 km of highways tolled against targeted 3,730 km. In the electricity sector, the country added capacity of 8,318.47 MW during these months as against the targeted 17,830.30 MW. Coal output was 220.52 million tonne during the period continued…

UPA officials underline: Chidambaram approval was as per normsPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 22, 2014 1:46 am
The defence being presented by key officials who handled the file relating to Maxis subsidiary’s investment in Aircel Ltd in 2006 is that the rules at the time considered the face value of equity and not the total investment inflow in deciding the ‘competent authority’ for approving the proposal.
According to a former member in the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), the face value of investment by Global Communication Services Holdings Ltd in Aircel was less than Rs 300 crore. The total foreign investment, however, stood at Rs 3,560 crore.
“The finance minister was the competent authority for approving investments with face value of up to Rs 600 crore,” Ashok Jha, former secretary of the Department of Economic Affairs in the Finance Ministry, told The Indian Express. Jha had cleared the proposal and put it before Chidambaram then.
Face value is the nominal or original value of a company’s security when it is first issued. The market value of the security increases with time as the company grows and expands its operations. A company can then issue the same shares at a premium to the face value. The inflow then into the company is much higher than the face value.
The CBI is probing the circumstances of the FIPB approval to the Aircel-Maxis deal by Chidambaram, the then finance minister. As reported in The Indian Express, the CBI said the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) was the ‘competent authority’ to approve the $800 million or Rs 3,560 crore total investment.
Officials who cleared the proposal before it reached Chidambaram said that the policy prevalent then specified that the board would look only at the face value and not the total foreign inflow while considering the competent authority. The rules stated that proposals entailing foreign investment with face value up to Rs 600 crore be sent to the finance minister for approval; over Rs 600 crore to the CCEA.
Another official, who had signed the file, said, “The CBI has already been informed of the rules then.” The official added that there were more than two dozen more proposals — with face value less than Rs 600 crore, but with a higher investment inflow — that were placed before the finance minister, and approved by him.
In fact, a list of such proposals has also been submitted to the CBI, a former government functionary who did not wish to be identified said. The rules were changed subsequently in 2010. Former commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma, who was the commerce and industry minister then, confirmed to The Indian Express that in January 2010, the rules were changed so that total foreign investment inflow replaced face value as the criterion to decide the competent authority.

Nasa spacecraft reaches orbit around MarsSeptember 22, 2014 4:46 am
Nasa spacecraft reaches orbit around Mars
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f015a12-420a-11e4-b98f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi govt to implement eco-friendly  growth friendly policiesNarendra Modi-led government is taking the necessary measures to fast track the process of regulatory clearances for a faster economic growth. (Reuters)
New Delhi | Posted: September 22, 2014 1:20 pm
Prakash Javadekar, minister for environment, forests and climate change has said that environmental norms would be made more stringent and practical keeping in mind the enormity of the problem and issues involved and industry concerns. The stakeholders would be consulted in the process so as to ensure complete compliance once the norms are laid down. Referring to the revision of norms related to the cement industry undertaken recently, the minister said that these norms were implemented taking into account the concerns of the industry.
The minister stated this while addressing the Sustainable & Inclusive Solutions Summit held in New Delhi last week. The event was organised by the CII-ITC Centre of Excellence for Sustainable Development, with The Financial Express as its print media partner.
Elaborating further, the minister said that the cooperation of the industry stakeholders was critical in the context of monitoring, evaluation and implementation of environmental norms. This would enable the government to implement “eco friendly and growth friendly” policies. At the same time the ministry in the last three months had undertaken a number of measures to ensure compliance, timelines that laid to transparency and positivity in decision making. Referring to the proposals related to online application and tracking of environment and forests proposals, Javadekar said around 250 online applications for TORs for environmental clearances had been received. The ministry was taking the necessary measures to fast track the process of regulatory clearances for a faster economic growth, while ensuring that development and conservation of environment go hand in hand and in a transparent manner. These measures were intended to bring in more transparency, efficiency and accountability in grant of regulatory clearances.
Javadekar also emphasised that the use of technology, creation of infrastructure and their proactive and sustainable management would ensure a clean environment in the future. The minister specifically referred to the decision taken on installing round the clock sensors for monitoring pollution and flow of affluents into the Ganges. The minister emphasised upon the seamless integration of economic growth, human development and ecological protection.
YC Deveshwar, past president, CII, chairman, CII-ITC Centre of Excellence for Sustainable Development Advisory Council and chairman, ITC, highlighted how the world has exhausted its budget of resources for the year and will now be living on borrowed resources from the future. Fifty years ago it was using three-fourth of the available resources and today.

Asian Games: The bizarre tale of a shooting goldChina shooters DQ'd, reinstated, set world record
By By Peter Rutherford | Reuters –  Mon 22 Sep, 2014
Print
By Peter Rutherford
INCHEON South Korea (Reuters) - Asian Games judges overturned their decision to disqualify China from the women's 10 metre air rifle team event at the Asian Games on Monday, giving Zhang Binbin, Yi Shiling and Wu Liuxi the gold medal and confirming their world record.
The Chinese had claimed gold with a total score of 1,253.8 points at the Ongnyeon International Shooting Range, improving on the world record 1,253.7 shot by their compatriots in Tehran last year.
However, the Chinese were then controversially disqualified after judges ruled Zhang's rifle had violated regulations concerning maximum weight limits.
Zhang said she had faith the Chinese appeal would be successful and she was proved correct after judges later overturned the disqualification.
"I believed everything that I did was right. So I tried not to worry about it," said Zhang, who would not have been able to compete for the individual title if the disqualification stood.
"I had faith that I would advance to the finals, and I kept telling myself that," she added.
Following her reinstatement, Zhang shot for her second gold of the day in the individual final but was upstaged by Iran's Najmeh Khedmati and Narjes Andevari Emamgholinejad, who won gold and silver. Zhang settled for bronze.
Iran also took silver behind China in the team event, but the colour of the medal was not to Elaheh Ahmadi's liking.
"I'm not satisfied with the results. This is because my shooting speed has become slower after I gave birth to my baby," she said.
Hosts South Korea kept pace with China at the top of the overall medals table with gold, their 13th of the Asiad, in the women's 25m pistol team event.
(Editing by Greg Stutchbury)

House approves new keep your plan proposalHouse approves bill allowing businesses to keep canceled health care plans until 2019
Measure could drive health costs up for some firms, down for others
By J.D. Harrison September 11 Follow @jd_harrison
House lawmakers have approved an amendment to the president’s health care law intended to make the looming changes an easier pill to swallow for small businesses and their employees. However, like so many other proposed changes to the statute, some say the bill threatens to pull the legs out from under the law.
Known as the “keep your plan” bill, the proposal would allow insurers to continue selling for five years group plans that fall short of the standards set by the Affordable Care Act , so long as the plans were offered prior to 2013. That would essentially extend the Obama administration’s current transition policy, which allows individuals and small employers already enrolled in non-compliant plans to keep them, but only through 2016.
More importantly, the bill would allow groups that aren’t already enrolled in one of those plans to purchase them (the administration’s policy only permits continuing coverage for those already enrolled in non-compliant plans). So, under the House proposal, small businesses that weren’t already covered by the type of plans ruled out under the health care law would now be eligible to buy them going forward.
The House on Thursday voted 247-167 in favor of the bill, with 25 Democrats breaking with Republicans to push the proposal through. But like most previous efforts to overhaul parts of the law, the bill will likely be cast aside in the Democrat-controlled Senate.
Rep. Bill Cassidy (R-La.), who introduced the legislation a year ago, said in a statement this week that the bill would “allow American families to save money, to have access to affordable health care choices and will raise wages for workers.” He has pitched the measure as a way to mend what he calls the president’s “broken promise” that Americans who liked their insurance plan could keep it under the health care law.
House Small Business Committee Chairman Sam Graves (R-Mo.) added in an e-mail just before the floor vote that the bill “is desperately needed because it gives small businesses and their workers the option to keep or choose the health plan they want.” He noted that millions of individuals have already had plans cancelled, and without further action, “many employees of small businesses are likely to get those notices this fall.”
An analysis by the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the bill would also reduce the national deficit by $1.25 billion. Over the next two years, the office predicts that at least 2 million workers would sign up for plans made possible by the bill, which would be less robust and thus less expensive than those that meet all the law’s coverage requirements. That number would be expected to grow in subsequent years through 2019.
Many of the enrollees would likely be young, healthy individuals in search of cheaper coverage, and nearly all of them would be small businesses employees , as large employers tend to self-insure their workers and thus do not buy plans through the group market.
A fact sheet released by the House Energy and Commerce Committee, which moved the bill forward in July, suggested that the bill would give small businesses “access to more affordable options that can better meet their needs than what is available today and more affordable coverage than what is available today under the president’s health care law.”
But while that may be true for small firms interested in less robust health plans, it may not be the case for those seeking more comprehensive coverage . That’s because, without those relatively young and healthy workers signing up for more robust plans, the cost of covering the individuals with those plans will rise, prompting insurers to hike the rates for ACA-compliant health insurance.
“The Cassidy bill would likely have serious adverse effects both on premiums in the small group market — causing them to rise substantially for many small firms, and on health reform’s consumer protections,” Edwin Park, vice president for health policy at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a Washington-based think tank, wrote in an analysis of the bill published Tuesday.
Among those protections, he explains, are rules preventing insurance companies from charging significantly higher premiums to small businesses with older, less healthy workforces and from imposing waiting periods on employees with pre-existing conditions.
Park added that the measure would prevent insurers from selling skimpy plans on the government’s new online health insurance marketplaces for small businesses, often called SHOP exchanges. Consequently, the exchanges, which have already been slow to gain traction , may have less appeal for budget-minded businesses.
If approved, he argues, the bill “could make it virtually impossible for [the small business exchanges] to attract the sizable enrollment and balanced mix of employers with healthy and less healthy workers that will be necessary for these marketplaces to have financial stability over time.”
In a statement released Wednesday theatening a veto, the White House similarly argued that “with health care costs rising at low rates and choices for small businesses improving through the Health Insurance Marketplaces, this bill would be a major step back.”
Follow J.D. Harrison and On Small Business on Twitter.
J.D. Harrison covers startups, small business and entrepreneurship, with a focus on public policy, and he runs the On Small Business blog.

Mars mission test firing successfulC HENNAI, September 22, 2014
Updated: September 22, 2014 17:53 IST
Mars orbiter engine firing successful
T.S. Subramanian
The spacecraft was within 5.4 lakh km radius of the Mars’ Gravitational Sphere of Influence.
TOPICS
science and technology
The mission will now go ahead with the nominal plan for Mars Orbit Insertion
The test-firing of the propulsion engine on India's spacecraft to Mars for four seconds on Monday went off smoothly, boosting the hopes of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) engineers about the engine's performance on Wednesday when it will fire for 24 minutes to insert the Mars orbiter into the Red Planet's orbit.
The firing of ISRO's propulsion engine, called 440 Newton engine or Liquid Apogee Motor, on board ISRO's Mars orbiter began at 2.30 p.m. on Monday and there was no hitch at all in its performance. The firing helped to correct the trajectory of the orbiter - the altitude of the spacecraft was brought down by 200 km.
The engine ignited after it had slumbered in space for 300 days during the spacecraft's voyage to the moon. The LAM engine was fired last on December 1, 2013 to catapult India's Mars orbiter from its earth-orbit into sun-centric orbit and its sojourn to Mars began.
K. Radhakrishnan, ISRO Chairman, said, "Everything was fine. Everything has gone well. The trajectory correction manoeuvre of the spacecraft was done."
V. Kesava Raju, Mission Director, Mars Orbiter Mission, ISRO, said, "The test-firing of the engine was smooth and it went as per expectations." He asserted that "the health of the spacecraft was normal in every aspect."
The news about the confirmation of the success of the test-firing was received from the spacecraft after a time-delay of about 13 minutes, Mr. Kesava Raju said.
The test-firing is a rehearsal for the main event on September 24 when the 440 Newton engine will be fired for 24 minutes from 7.17 a.m. Simultaneously, eight small thrusters on board the spacecraft will fire with the main 440 Newton engine to slip India's spacecraft to Mars into a Martian orbit, with a periapsis of 432 km and an apoapsis of 80,000 km.

ICE at pains to take cotton globalLast updated: July 11, 2014 5:11 pm
ICE at pains to take cotton global
By Jeremy Grant in Singapore
Malaysia’s import requirements have become a sticking point
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/113054a4-08c8-11e4-9d3c-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cotton dips on rain-boosted harvest hopes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a181cb26-e28c-11e3-a829-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Space science  the worlds first glimpse of interstellar dust© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0ca88d3a-27f8-11e4-ae44-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesco reveals results overstated by 250m© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67fb8db4-421e-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What Tescos auditors were focused onAbout Lex
Blog guide
This is a blog and notebook by the writers of Lex, the investment column of the Financial Times. It's a chance to see inside the work of a Lex writer and to participate in the construction of a Lex note . It will also contain some brief observations and thought-provoking questions from Lex columnists.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blogs. However, our Lex posts remain free.
Lex is the oldest and arguably the most influential business and finance column of its kind in the world. The unconflicted column covers corporate affairs and fiercely guards its editorial independence.

Citi eyes Japan retail banking exitCiti eyes exit from Japan retail banking business
By Ben McLannahan and Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/522e530e-281a-11e4-b7a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Heat rises for fossil fuel industryHeat rises for fossil fuel industry as climate talks gather pace
By Pilita Clark in New York
World leaders in UN meeting to set out planned climate action
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/385cd7ba-3aa4-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Meet the terror group in Syria that could actually threaten the USWhat could emerge from the rubble of Syria?(Reuters/Ahmed Jadallah)
SHARE
Tim Fernholz @timfernholz
September 22, 2014
For all the barbarity of ISIL and the focus on the military campaign against them, security analysts say the group doesn’t have the capability to directly attack the US—its threat is regional disruption. But US intelligence officials have spent the last week dropping hints about another al Qaeda off-shoot that does aim to attack Western countries at home, and it operates in ISIL’s backyard.
The organization is known as “the Khorasan group,” a reference to a historic territory encompassing modern Afghanistan and Iran. Like ISIL, it has has roots in al Qaeda, but unlike the militants attempting to seize territory in Iraq and Syria, the Khorasan group is still within al Qaeda’s hierarchy and focused on terror attacks in the West.
Last week, the US director of national intelligence, James Clapper, said this group could be a more direct threat than ISIL and mentioned the leader’s name publicly for the first time: Muhsin al-Fadhli, a Kuwaiti who was a 20-year-old member of Osama bin Laden’s inner circle at the time of the 9/11 attacks. By 2012, he was al Qaeda’s top man in Iran, financing terror operations in Iraq as a go-between for Gulf state donors, and earning a $7-million price on his head from the US.
According to CIA source who spoke with the New York Times  (paywall) following Clapper’s revelation, the now-33-year-old al-Fadhli is working with a cell of Afghan and Pakistani fighters in Syria to recruit Muslim extremists with US and European passports for attacks in their home countries. His organization is  collaborating with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the Yemeni offshoot of the extremist movement that has a reputation for attempts at sophisticated bomb-making designed to slip explosives past airport security procedures. Three have made it onto airplanes, but none of the plots have succeeded.
It’s not clear why intelligence officials chose to reveal their concerns about the Khorasan group now. Some in the US government have been accused of exaggerating the threat of ISIL to the United States, but these revelations are a reminder that some of its ideological siblings are still focused on attacks in the West.
It remains to be seen how an offensive against ISIL will affect that threat. The relationship between rival Islamist groups is hard to measure, especially in the roiling cauldron of Syria’s civil war: Weakening ISIL could empower the Nusra Front, a rival Islamist militia in Syria that maintains good relations with the Khorasan group.
Share this:

One chart that shows why comparing Facebook and Twitter is a pointless exerciseLeo Mirani @lmirani
September 22, 2014
If you look at it in terms of design, either Facebook is  turning into Twitter or Twitter is  turning into Facebook . But by almost every other metric, the two companies remain entirely unlike each other.
Just how different they are came into sharp relief when Twitter published its IPO prospectus last year. Five years into each company’s existence, Facebook far outpaced Twitter on pretty much every metric that matters : quarterly revenue, monthly active users, and average revenue per user.
A new report from the GSM Association, a trade body for mobile operators, adds another metric: content shared.
Tap image to zoom
Global social media users and content shared per day.(GSMA)
The amount of new material added by Facebook users everyday dwarfs the number of tweets churned out by Twitter users. More notably, Twitter’s users produce significantly less content per person than they do when they’re on Facebook.
One reason could be that people use Twitter to follow while they use Facebook to share. Twitter seems okay with this: Adam Bain, Twitter’s boss of revenue , told CNBC last month that “It’s actually something we’re happy to support. If anything we need to make it clear that you can use Twitter without tweeting.”
Share this:

China outstrips EU and US on emissionsChina’s emissions outstrip those of EU and US
By Pilita Clark in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51d2dd20-4170-11e4-b98f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Google is finallyfinally!giving up on forcing people to join Google+The moment has passed.(Reuters/Stephen Lam)
SHARE
Leo Mirani @lmirani
September 22, 2014
Remember the old days, when Google sincerely thought that Google+ was the future of Google? That future is no more. As of this month, Google no longer automatically creates a Google+ account for new users to Gmail.
Quartz confirmed this by creating a new account. A Google spokesperson said the company updated the sign-up process earlier this month, adding that “users can now create a public profile during signup, or later, if and when they share public content for the first time (like a restaurant review, YouTube video or Google+ post).”
Earlier this month, Google separated Hangouts, its video calling service, from its social network . In August, Bloomberg reported that Google would de-link the Photos service from Google+.
The changes follows the departure , in April, of Vic Gundotra, the man responsible for Google+. Shortly after the announcement, the editor of TechCrunch forecast the impending demise of Google+, suggesting that the social network would no longer be considered a product. Rather it would take the shape of a platform, allowing Google to use it as a base for other ventures.
It didn’t take too much insider knowledge to make that call: That Google+ was the basis for Google’s identity management rather than a full-fledged social network had been apparent for some time . The latest change is just further acknowledgement of that.
Google+ may have started life as a social network, but a better way to see it is as a consolidating force. Just as Google’s much-contested 2012 privacy policy change allowed the company to bring together user data from its disparate services, Google+ was about merging the different identities people used for Gmail, YouTube, Blogspot, and other Google services.
But the web is a very different place today, three years after Google+ went live. Back in 2011, the web was still a vaguely pseudonymous place; not every website required login details. In 2014, most casual internet users are signed in all the time.
Thanks to the usefulness of Gmail and Chrome, most users of Google services are perpetually signed in—including when they make web searches or visit YouTube. The accompanying rise of smartphones means people are generally signed in on their mobile devices too.
As we have explained before , signed-in users are tremendously valuable to big web/ad firms in order to track the effectiveness of advertising on eventual purchase patterns. The real value of Facebook, to advertisers, is that it knows who is looking at the ads on its platform and who is acting on them.
That, then, is the legacy of Google+. What started as a competing social network left Google with a robust identity service. And that’s what it needs to ensure it remains attractive in the new world of advertising.
Share this:

Rockefeller fund to ditch fossil fuels© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c201f2e8-4279-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Un enfant de 3 ans transport d urgence  l hpital aprs avoir aval du GHBUn enfant de 3 ans transporté d'urgence à l'hôpital après avoir avalé du GHB
PC  | Par                                                                La Presse Canadienne
Publication:
reddit
Un bébé de 3 ans intoxiqué au GHB, communément appelé la drogue du viol, a dû être transporté d'urgence dans un hôpital, dimanche soir à Québec.
À leur arrivée dans une maison du quartier Val-Bélair, un peu après 18 h 30, les policiers ont retrouvé un enfant inconscient, qui avait de la difficulté à respirer.
Les ambulanciers ont ensuite effectué diverses manoeuvres sur le bébé pendant son transport au Centre hospitalier de l'Université Laval (CHUL), mais les autorités ne pouvaient dire s'il était hors de danger en fin de soirée.
La tante du bambin a été arrêtée par les policiers, car c'est à elle qu'appartenait la drogue, a confirmé le lieutenant Pascal Degrasse du Service de police de Québec.
La dame pourrait fait face à des accusations de "négligence criminelle" et de "possession de stupéfiants".
L'enquête devra déterminer dans quelles circonstances l'enfant peut avoir ingéré le GHB, mais pour l'instant, la police estime que cela pourrait s'être fait de manière "accidentelle".
Le bébé aurait probablement découvert par lui-même la substance qui traînait dans la maison où s'est joué le drame.
La quantité de drogue ingérée par l'enfant demeure inconnue.
Le père de l'enfant habitait chez sa soeur depuis environ un mois. Les autorités policières ont fait savoir qu'une accusation de "négligence criminelle" pourrait aussi être déposée contre lui.
La Coopérative des techniciens ambulanciers du Québec (CTAQ) a reçu l'appel initial dans cette affaire.
Au départ, il était question d'une "intoxication accidentelle" pour un enfant qui n'avait aucun symptôme, a confirmé Richard Carrière, porte-parole du service ambulancier.

Passenger Shaming: la vengeance des htesses de l air«Passenger Shaming»: la vengeance des hôtesses de l'air contre les passagers indélicats
Le HuffPost avec AFP
reddit
Si vous avez déjà pris l'avion, vous savez à quel point être confiné dans quelques mètres carrés avec plusieurs dizaines d'inconnus peut s'avérer désagréable. Surtout si lesdits inconnus ont décidé d'enlever leurs chaussettes, d'étendre leurs jambes, d'étaler leur barda, de se couper les ongles ou d'oublier les règles d’hygiène les plus élémentaires.
Depuis quelques mois, les auteurs de la page Facebook "Passenger Shaming" ("honte aux passagers" ou "honteux passagers"), s'attellent à railler ces comportements indélicats. Également dotés de comptes Instagram et Twitter, ils publient des photos envoyées par des passagers agacés, mais surtout par des personnels navigants excédés ou des agents de nettoyage dégoûtés.
Regardez quelques-unes des photos publiées par "Passenger Shaming":
Close

Le nouveau film de Tim Burton a une premire bande-annoncereddit
Après "Ed Wood" en 1994, Tim Burton renoue avec le genre du biopic. Une première bande-annonce de Big Eyes, le dernier effort du réalisateur américain, a été dévoilée vendredi 19 septembre. Elle met en scène Walter (Christoph Waltz) et Margaret Keane (Amy Adams), célèbre couple d'artistes des années 1950.
Leur mariage vole en éclats après les révélations de Margaret qui accuse Walter d'avoir usurpé la paternité des tableaux qui firent son succès. Le procès est à l'époque retentissant. Keane a surfé sur le succès de la série des Big Eyes parvenant, de manière assez révolutionnaire, à commercialiser ces tableaux et des produits dérivés.
Interrogé par USA Today , l'acteur Christoph Waltz confiait "admirer Walter Keane pour ses talents marketing."
"Il a été capable de monter cette arnaque pendant si longtemps , gravissant l'échelle du succès depuis la première marche. Je ne peux pas être entièrement contre lui. Elle fait partie du projet. Elle savait et ça change tout."

Mommy - Anne Dorval : Xavier Dolan m a donn mon plus beau rle (PHOTOS/VIDO)Mommy - Anne Dorval : «Xavier Dolan m'a donné mon plus beau rôle» (PHOTOS/VIDÉO)
Le Huffington Post Québec  | Par Ismaël  Houdassine
Publication:
reddit
Bien sûr, on se souvient d’Anne Dorval dans J’ai tué ma mère, le premier film de Xavier Dolan. Elle incarnait déjà ce rôle inspirant d’une mère monoparentale qui tente d’organiser sa vie autour d’un adolescent en quête de liberté.
Pour Mommy, en salles depuis vendredi, la maman est toujours là, mais le registre est cette fois aux antipodes. À l’égoïsme de la première, succède la louve protectrice jusqu’au bout des ongles, celle qui ne lâchera pas son fils, malgré la violence, la douleur et ce monde tout autour qui lui crie d’abandonner.
À lire aussi:
«Mommy» représentera le Canada dans la course aux Oscars
«Je voulais la défendre à l’écran, explique en entrevue Anne Dorval. J’admire son courage. C’est un personnage contrasté. Tout ce que je pense d’elle, je l’ai joué. Elle est à mille lieues de ce que je suis, mais je l’aime. C’est un rôle de femme forte qui ne s’apitoie jamais sur son sort, qui ne fait jamais pitié, malgré toutes les tuiles que le destin lui envoie».
La comédienne prend à bras le corps Diane, personnage de veuve un peu dégrossie, presque vulgaire que ses proches surnomment D.I.E.  Elle doit composer au quotidien avec la violence compulsive de son garçon Steve. Et l’ado lui en fait voir de toutes les couleurs passant sans jamais prévenir de l’ange blondinet au monstre déséquilibré, éructant sa colère à la moindre occasion.
«Si cela n’avait pas été le genre de personnage que je pouvais jouer, je ne l’aurais pas fait, dit-elle. Xavier sait que j’adore interpréter des rôles de composition. Diane était faite pour moi. Quand il me l’a offert, j’ai accepté sans hésiter».
La parole aux femmes
La carrière de l’actrice est jalonnée de beaux personnages au théâtre comme à la télévision. Elle sourit pourtant lorsqu’on lui demande si le personnage de Diane en est le plus marquant. «J’avoue que celui-là fait partie de mes plus belles expériences. Oui, je peux le dire maintenant, Xavier Dolan m’a donné mon plus beau rôle».
La confession est assumée puisque Dolan représente pour elle plus qu’un jeune réalisateur. «Il est mon ami et je le considère comme un membre de ma famille. Notre relation n’est pas basée par la dette. On a du plaisir à être ensemble. On rit aussi beaucoup et le rire est essentiel dans ma vie».
Selon elle, Xavier Dolan écrit d’abord pour les femmes, chose rare au cinéma où l’homme accapare trop souvent l’objectif. «Des propositions aussi puissantes comme celle de Diane sont très rares, surtout pour les actrices plus âgées que l’on entasse dans de la figuration ou des petits rôles de soutien. Il existe une pression dans l’industrie du cinéma qui force les distributeurs à proposer au public ce qui est vendable, représenté par la fraîcheur, la jeunesse ou la nouveauté, bref, tout le contraire de mon personnage».
Anne Dorval n’hésite d’ailleurs pas à comparer le réalisateur au dramaturge Michel Tremblay qui avait révolutionné en son temps le théâtre en écrivant ses pièces pour les femmes, celles qui ont accompagné sa vie. «C’est encore trop tôt pour parler de révolution. Toutefois, à moins qu’il devienne complètement sénile, je ne pense pas que je lui refuserais grand-chose. Avec Dolan, je dis oui tout de suite!»
Mommy – Les Films Séville – Drame psychologique – 138 minutes – Avec Anne Dorval, Antoine Olivier Pilon, Suzanne Clément, Patrick Huard et Alexandre Goyette – Sortie en salles le 19 septembre 2014 – Canada, Québec.
Close

La Gaspsie dans le top 10 pour ses couleurs d automneLa Gaspésie classée dans le top 10 au monde pour ses couleurs d'automne
PC  | Par                                                                La Presse Canadienne
Publication:
reddit
La Gaspésie figure parmi les dix plus belles régions du monde pour profiter des couleurs d'automne, selon un ouvrage publié par le réputé magazine National Geographic.
Le livre "Four seasons of Travel" place la péninsule gaspésienne en 4e place parmi les plus beaux lieux pour admirer le changement de saison.
On peut y lire que la Gaspésie est reconnue pour ses feuilles d'érable d'un rouge flamboyant, "que l'on retrouve sur le drapeau canadien". Les auteurs recommandent également l'observation de mammifères marins sur la pointe de la péninsule, où l'on retrouve 7 différentes espèces à cette période-ci de l'année.
Ce n'est pas la première fois que la région est favorisée par le National Geographic. En 2009, la Gaspésie s'était retrouvée au 3e rang des plus belles destinations au monde. En 2011, elle faisait partie des 20 meilleures destinations sur la planète, et en 2012, le magazine l'avait classée dans le top 10 des aventures hivernales en Amérique du Nord.
Montréal, Québec,

Important incendie dans le Vieux-Montral (PHOTOS)Important incendie dans le Vieux-Montréal (PHOTOS)
RCQC  | Par                                                                Radio-Canada.ca
reddit
Les pompiers ont maîtrisé l'incendie qui s'est déclaré dans un édifice situé rue Saint-Paul, à l'angle du boulevard Saint-Laurent, dans le Vieux-Montréal.
Selon nos informations, l'édifice touché est La caserne, un édifice reconverti en immeuble à copropriétés. Des commerces y sont aussi établis.
Les pompiers ont procédé à l'évacuation des résidents.
Une centaine de pompiers ont été appelés sur les lieux pour combattre le brasier.
Quatre policiers et un pompier ont été incommodés par la fumée. Ils ont été transportés à l'hôpital par mesure préventive.
Au plus fort de l'incendie, un important panache de fumée était visible à des kilomètres à la ronde.
Incendie majeur dans le Vieux-Montréal. Il s’agirait de la terrasse de l’hôtel Nelligan. pic.twitter.com/KXAAnOW3Aj
— Olivier Prud'homme (@OliPrudhomme) September 20, 2014
Autre point de vue de l'incendie selon une photo de @MykolaDumenko , il y a de ça 30 mins. pic.twitter.com/cj80IP6aZB

Cet arbre gant et flottant va faire plaisir aux cologistesreddit
Un arbre métallique géant planté près des rives d'une grande métropole pour y reconstruire une partie de la faune et de la flore? Voilà une idée que n'aurait pas reniée le célèbre créateur du studio Ghibli, Hayao Miyazaki. Cette réserve naturelle a été imaginée par le cabinet d'architecture hollandais Waterstudio qui assure que "le front de mer n'est plus une limite mais une nouvelle frontière".
À l'intérieur de cette structure flottante , plusieurs étages d'espace habitable qu'animaux et plantes pourront garnir. Un des enjeux de ce projet: parvenir à utiliser les dernières technologies en matière d'exploitation pétrolière pour les mettre au service de l'environnement. Positionnés près des centres urbains, ces "arbres géants" pourraient notamment travailler à la réduction des émissions de Co2.
"Les grandes compagnies pétrolières auront l'occasion de financer la construction de ces arbres pour des communautés dans le besoin", explique Koen Olthuis, co-fondateur de Waterstudio, au HuffPost américain qui rappelle que le modèle des structures vient des tours de stockage en pleine mer.
Le design des arbres a été élaboré pour qu'il n'y ait aucune interaction avec les humains. Le projet est encore à l'état d'ébauche mais le Waterstudio assure avoir plusieurs options d'investisseurs et discuter le choix des futurs lieux d’implantation.
Close

Islamic State militants kill 40 Iraqi troopsIslamic State militants kill 40 Iraqi troops
Frankfurt exchange s China dream turns to nightmareFrankfurt exchange s China dream turns to nightmare
Changes to MGNREGS may cut into wagesNEW DELHI, September 22, 2014
Updated: September 22, 2014 02:06 IST
Changes to MGNREGS may cut into wages
Anumeha Yadav
interior policy
Parties feel it will dilute scheme’s universal employment guarantee
Union Minister of Rural Development Nitin Gadkari has proposed that the MGNREGS be restricted to only tribal and poor areas and the permissible labour to material ratio of expenses be changed from the current 60:40 to 51:49.
While the first proposal is being opposed by political parties, who think it will dilute the scheme’s universal employment guarantee, there has been less discussion on the second proposal even though its rationale is not matched by evidence.
Ministry data shows that in 2013-14, States spent 26.6 per cent of MGNREGS funds on material. In 2012-13, this was 27.7 per cent, much lower than the current permissible limit of 40%. In changes proposed to the MGNREGS, Mr. Gadkari has proposed that the permissible labour to material ratio of expenses be changed from the current 60:40 to 51:49. Even as the current upper limit in expenditure is not being met, the government wants to increase this from 40 to 49 per cent. The change will increase the presence of contractors in the job scheme and squeeze the funds available for wages.
“There was no prior consultation on the labour-material ratio changes and the Minister’s announcement came as a surprise to us. There is no real reason [for the change] when the States are not even spending 40 per cent [on material] right now,” said an official at the Ministry requesting anonymity.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan wrote to Mr. Gadkari in July that the labour-material ratio in the scheme be changed from 60:40 to 50:50. But data shows that in Madhya Pradesh, only 25 per cent of Rs 2,030 crore MGNREGS funds in this financial year have been spent on material so far.
With UPA-II government tightening spending in its last years, MGNREGS allocation was reduced from Rs. 40,100 crore in 2010-11 to Rs 33,000 crore in 2013-14.
“Increasing material ratio will add Rs. 8,000 crore in expenses. This means under the current allocation, we will have that much less to spend on wages,” said a senior official.
‘Only in tribal parts’
Mr. Gadkari has also proposed to restrict MGNREGS to the poorer parts of the country. While the Minister made the proposal – which will require amending the Act – last week, the Ministry, since July, has been focusing on implementing the scheme in 2,500 backward blocks under its Intensive Participatory Planning Exercise. These blocks have been identified based on percentage of population below poverty line (BPL), as per the Planning commission estimates of 2013, and a backwardness index prepared by the Planning Commission using the 2011 Census data that uses five parameters – percentage of households primarily dependent on agriculture, female literacy rate, households without access to electricity, households without access to drinking water and sanitation within the premises and households without access to banking facilities.
Going by these parameters, in Tamil Nadu, one of the best performing States in the MGNREGS currently, only 98 of 385 blocks can be identified as backward, while in Chhattisgarh, 105 of total the 145 block fall into this category.
“This will end the universal spirit of the MGNREGS,” said Shankar Singh, an activist with Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan, Rajasthan.

Pakistan International Airlines crew held for iPhone 5S smugglingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Police  hotel deny keeping northeast staff away during Xi visitUpdated: September 22, 2014 18:46 IST
Police, hotel deny keeping northeast staff away during Xi visit
PTI
Reuters Chinese President Xi Jinping
TOPICS
crime, law and justice
Hours after the Union Home Ministry ordered a probe into reports that employees of an Ahmedabad hotel from the northeast were asked to stay away from duty during Chinese President Xi Jinping’s recent visit, the city police and hotel management have denied issuing any such instruction.
“I am not aware of any such diktat given by police to the hotel authorities about their staff. We were just concerned about the Tibetans,” said Joint Commissioner of Police (Crime) A.K. Sharma.
Vikas Sahay, JCP, Special Branch, too said he was not aware of any such order having been issued.
The management of hotel Hyatt Ahmedabad expressed surprise over the reports and claimed all staffers, including those from the northeast, did duty on September 17 when Mr. Xi had a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi there.
“There was no such order given to the hotel staff on that day. All staff, including those from the northeast, was present in the hotel and doing duty when Chinese President arrived. I am surprised as to how such baseless reports are doing the rounds,” said Marketing Manager of Hyatt Ahmedabad Ayesha Mishra.
Earlier, the Home Ministry had asked the Intelligence Bureau to ascertain the veracity of reports about the order and, if it was indeed issued, who did it and why.

Shiv Sena forces BJP to back off  Amit Shah surrenders more seatsShiv Sena forces Bharatiya Janata Party to back off, Amit Shah surrenders more seats
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 22 2014, 21:20  IST
Sep 22 2014, 21:20  IST
 

Uma Bharati calls  love jihad  a social problem embedded in religionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

WTO s Bali package is at risk; future uncertain: WTO ChiefSep 22, 2014, 10.19 PM IST  | Source: PTI
WTO's Bali package is at risk; future uncertain: WTO Chief
India had decided not to ratify WTO's Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), which is dear to the developed world, without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution to its public food stock-holding issue for food security purposes.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
WTO's Bali package is at risk; future uncertain: WTO Chief
India had decided not to ratify WTO's Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), which is dear to the developed world, without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution to its public food stock-holding issue for food security purposes.
Post your opinion here
 
WTO chief Roberto Azevêdo today expressed serious concerns over the fate of Bali package, saying the deal is "at risk" and the future seems "uncertain". WTO members agreed to implement the decisions taken in Bali last year and they also agreed to adopt a work programme, by the end of this year, to deal with the remaining issues of the Doha Round, he said.
"However, all of this is now at risk," he said in an address to the UNCTAD Trade and Development Board. India's tough stand led to impasse in the WTO. India had decided not to ratify WTO's Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) , which is dear to the developed world, without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution to its public food stock-holding issue for food security purposes. Azevêdo said there seems to be a clear interplay between concerns on the negotiations on public stock-holding and the
implementation of the TFA.
"Both public stock-holding programmes and trade facilitation were issues addressed by the Bali decisions. There is no formal or legal linkage between these two issues, but we cannot deny that there is an important political link bringing them together. At present the future is uncertain," he said. Expressing confidence, he said if the members solve these issue, the WTO would be able to look ahead and resume efforts in the broader negotiating agenda.
"If we do not, members will have to think carefully about what the consequences are. There could be an impact on all areas of our work...My assessment is that we risk
disengagement if we don't solve this impasse shortly,"he said. He said many areas of work "may suffer a freezing effect", including the areas of greatest interest to developing countries, such as agriculture. "All negotiations mandated in Bali, such as the one to find a permanent solution for the issue of public stock-holding for food security purposes, may never even happen if members fail to implement each and every part of the Bali Package, including the TFA," he added.
India has asked WTO to amend the norms for calculating agriculture subsidies so that the country could continue to  procure foodgrains from farmers at minimum support price and sell them to poor at cheaper rates without violating the norms. The current WTO norms limit the value of food subsidies at 10 percent of the total value of foodgrain production. However, the quantum of subsidy is computed after taking into consideration prices that prevailed two decades ago.
RELATED NEWS

Ferrari recalls 3000 U.S. cars for entrapment dangerFerrari recalls 3000 cars for entrapment danger
By Peter Valdes-Dapena   @peterdrives September 22, 2014: 7:22 PM ET
Ferrari is recalling over 3,000 Ferrari 458 sports cars because people could be trapped in the front trunk.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Ferrari is recalling 3,082 of its exotic 458 sports cars in the United States because a defect with an interior latch means there's a danger that someone could become trapped in the trunk.
Since the engine is mounted behind the seats, the "trunk" in these cars is in the front.
According to U.S. safety regulations, there must be a way to open the trunk of a car from the inside. This helps prevent children -- or anyone -- from getting trapped inside. Usually this is done with a handle that can be pulled inside the trunk.
Car hoods, unlike normal trunks, have two latches. There's the one that users typically release from inside the cabin and a second that is released from outside while standing in front of the car. The dual latch system is a safety feature intended to keep the trunk from flying open if it hasn't been closed fully. It's the same with the Ferrari's front trunk lid.
Gallery: Ferrari 458 Speciale - Raw speed
But, in these cars, the inside-the-trunk handle only releases the first latch. This allows the lid to be opened just slightly, far enough to prevent suffocation and allow someone to call for help, according to Ferrari.
The second latch -- the one that, when released, allows the lid to be raised fully -- can't be unlatched from inside.
Regulations require that someone be able to exit the trunk on their own.
Ferrari will notify owners of the cars involved in the recall. Ferrari dealers will then modify the parts involved so that the latch will work to open the front trunk all the way.
 
Rent a Ferrari: $100 per lap
The models involved in the recall are the Ferrari 458 Italia and 458 Spider. The 458 Speciale, a track-oriented high-performance version of the car, is not part of this recall. Prices for the 458 Italia start at about $230,000 and, for the Spider, at about $250,000. Both the 458 Spider and Italia are powered by 570 horsepower V8 engines.
Ferrari recently announced that it is increasing car production to better serve the needs of its ultra-wealthy customers.
First Published: September 22, 2014: 5:36 PM ET
Most Popular

http://usat.ly/1uzHOdTApple denies it is shutting down Beats Music
Apple bought the service in May.
Post to Facebook
Apple denies it is shutting down Beats Music Apple bought the service in May. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1siKFLO
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
18
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Apple denies it is shutting down Beats Music
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 12 a.m. EDT September 23, 2014
Jimmy Iovine
130 CONNECT 176 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 18 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO -- Apple is denying a published report that it plans to shut down streaming service Music Beats.
Several prominent employees at Apple and Beats told TechCrunch that Apple planned to discontinue the service.
Apple spokesman Tom Neumayr denied Apple was shutting down Beats Music. He told USA TODAY: "It's not true."
One person familiar with the situation said that consumers should expect Apple to make some changes to the service. That could mean the brand is going away although the service is not.
Apple bought the service started by Jimmy Iovine and Dr. Dre in May for $3 billion.
Beats headphones are enormously popular especially with young people, but the music service at the time it was purchased only had a few hundred thousand subscribers.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1siKFLO
USA NOW
Marion Barry, former D.C. mayor, passes away at age 78
Nov 23, 2014

China is the real winner from Alibaba IPOChina is the real winner from Alibaba IPO
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 22, 2014: 4:44 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Alibaba officially became the biggest initial public offering of all time, confirming on Monday that in the final tally it raised an eye-popping $25 billion .
The e-commerce giant's ability to raise huge sums of cash could give stock prices further momentum in the medium term. Investors are still hungry.
Alibaba's ( BABA , Tech30 ) decision to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange should also reinforce Wall Street's central role in the global finance world despite pushes by London and Hong Kong. Plus, four of the top six investment banks tapped to underwrite the Alibaba IPO are U.S. firms.
But don't forget, Alibaba is a Chinese company with very little presence in the U.S. at this point.
That means the positive ripple effects from the IPO -- like a real estate boom and luxury car sales as newly wealthy executives make purchases -- are largely being felt in Asia, not Silicon Valley.
"If it was a U.S. corporation, the proceeds would be coming back into the U.S. economy and there would be a multiplier effect. We're only seeing a little bit of that," said David Weild, the former vice chairman of the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Related: Should you buy shares of Alibaba?
When Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) went public in May 2012, it made many early employees and investors millionaires virtually overnight. Some, like Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg, even became billionaires.
Those newly-rich people, many of them still in their 20s, quickly scooped up luxury cars and trucks, mansions and yachts.
"There was a big real estate wealth effect in the San Francisco area as a result of the Facebook IPO. It had a very beneficial effect on the northern California economy," said Weild, who is currently chairman and CEO of IssuWorks.
The Facebook IPO also benefited financial advisors in the Silicon Valley region, who rushed to cater to the needs of the new tech millionaires.
 
Related: Defense stocks rally as ISIS crisis escalates
But with Alibaba, many of the early employees and some of its early investors are based in China.
Alibaba "is creating a positive psychology for the stock market, the IPO market in general and probably for the U.S. economy. It's terrific in that regard. But not as terrific as if it were a U.S. company where all of that capital would stay on our shores," said Weild.
It's also worth remembering that New York wasn't Alibaba's preferred destination for its IPO. Alibaba only decided to list in the U.S. after Hong Kong refused to amend its rules for the Chinese company's unusual corporate structure , which gives regular investors less power than typical stocks.
Alibaba was not a positive factor for the stock market at all on Monday.
Related: Investors are scared again
Alibaba fell over 4% and dropped well below the $92.70 price it opened at on Friday. The Nasdaq tumbled 1.1% as technology stocks suffered.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ), which stands to make billions from its stake in Alibaba, slumped almost 6% amid questions over how much the U.S. company will owe in taxes on its gains.
Other Chinese Internet plays were also in the red, including Weibo ( WB ), JD.com ( JD ) and Baidu ( BIDU , Tech30 ), China's version of Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ).
First Published: September 22, 2014: 4:44 PM ET
Most Popular

South Indian planters to e-auction tea from DecSouth Indian planters to e-auction tea from Dec
http://usat.ly/1sVkl50FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Starbucks tests coffee with beer taste
All Starbucks sell coffee.  Some Starbucks sell beer.  But only a handful sell coffee that apparently tastes like beer. You read that right:  a cup o' joe that tastes like a cup o' brew
Post to Facebook
Starbucks tests coffee with beer taste All Starbucks sell coffee.  Some Starbucks sell beer.  But only a handful sell coffee that apparently tastes like beer. You read that right:  a cup o' joe that tastes like a cup o' brew Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1siFX0H
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Starbucks tests coffee with beer taste
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 9:15 p.m. EDT September 22, 2014
Sandy Roberts, Starbucks strategy manager for global coffee engagement, pours samples of coffee for shareholders at Starbucks' annual meeting in Seattle in March.
(Photo: Ted S. Warren, AP)
2939 CONNECT 252 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
All Starbucks coffee shops sell coffee.  Some sell beer.  But only a precious few sell coffee that many folks out in Social Media Land insist tastes a lot like beer.
You read that right:  a cup o' joe that tastes like a cup o' brew.
Starbucks is testing a so-called Dark Barrel Latte in a "handful" of stores in Ohio and Florida, says spokeswoman Lisa Passe. The Dark Barrel Latte is made with espresso and topped with whipped cream and dark caramel drizzle and comes blended with a "chocolaty stout flavored sauce," she says.
No beer. No alcohol. But don't tell that to some folks who -- love it or hate it -- have lit up Twitter.
"This Dark Barrel Latte from Starbucks tastes just like beer & I might be in love," tweeted Nina Amicantonio.
But Noel Woods tweeted an entirely different take: "The dark barrel latte at Starbucks literally tastes like drinking a Guinness in the early morning...So yuck."
A Starbucks training guide for baristas specifies that there is no beer whatsoever in the beverage.  The so-called "stout flavor" is actually a "roasted malt flavor," the guide says.  The beverage also is available as a blended Frappuccino, the training guide says.
So, why test a coffee that may taste like beer?
"Starbucks regularly tests new beverages, and testing is an essential part of bringing the Starbucks experience to our customers," says Passe in an e-mail.
But one restaurant industry guru has another idea.  Starbucks already is selling beer and wine at some of its stores in the evening, notes Sam Oches, editor of QSR magazine, a restaurant industry trade publication.  The new beverage could be a savvy way to "bridge the gap" between morning and evening crowds, he says.
Also, the test comes at a time the craft-beer movement is booming, adds Oches. "Craft beer fans love trying new things and love different flavor pairings."
But Starbucks won't comment on when the special brew might be available at a Starbucks near you.  Says Passe, "We're looking forward to learning more from the test."
2939 CONNECT 252 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1siFX0H
USA NOW
Marion Barry, former D.C. mayor, passes away at age 78
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1pb3rxSFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Rieder: Shield law for journalists a gridlock casualty
Back in July 2013, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Schumer was brimming with confidence that Congress would at long last enact a federal shield grating journalists protection from being forced to
Post to Facebook
Rieder: Shield law for journalists a gridlock casualty Back in July 2013, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Schumer was brimming with confidence that Congress would at long last enact a federal shield grating journalists protection from being forced to Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1siJzj6
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Rieder: Shield law for journalists a gridlock casualty
Rem Rieder , USA TODAY 6:23 p.m. EDT September 22, 2014
Sen. Charles Schumer arrives for a briefing  for members of the U.S. Senate, Sept,11.
(Photo: Win McNamee, Getty Images)
94 CONNECT 54 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Back in July 2013, Sen. Charles Schumer was brimming with confidence that Congress would at long last enact a desperately needed federal shield law granting journalists protection from being forced to reveal confidential sources.
"I think it will pass the House and the Senate, and I think it will become law relatively quickly, by congressional standards," the New York Democrat, a champion of the measure, told me at the time .
What a difference 15 months makes. It's clear that once again, while it enjoys the support of a majority of senators, the shield law is doomed. And while 48 states and the District of Columbia have shield laws or court precedents protecting confidentiality, the federal government will remain an outlier.
This is hardly an issue that matters only to journalists. Many watchdog stories important to the American people depend on confidential sources, people who would put themselves or their jobs in danger if they were identified. Journalists shouldn't have to  face time in the slammer because they kept a promise, as Judith Miller, then with The New York Times, did in 2005 when she spent 85 days in jail to protect a source.
REM RIEDER: Pass bill protecting confidential sources
When he made his bold statement, it looked like Schumer was on to something. There was rampant concern over government actions in leak investigations involving the Associated Press and Fox News. New York Times reporter James Risen, then as now, faced the possibility of going to jail for refusing to give up a source. Team Obama, on the ropes, asked Schumer to revive the shield law.
Six weeks after Schumer's prediction,  the Senate Judiciary Committee approved the measure , and this year the House i ncluded shield legislation as an amendment to an unrelated bill.
But the shield bill still hasn't made it to the Senate floor. And its chances of doing so when Congress returns for what's anticipated to be a totally unproductive lame duck session on Nov. 12  are about as good as those of Adrian Peterson scooping up a Father of the Year award.
And so the shield law, like immigration reform and gun control, looms as yet another casualty of the gridlock that has paralyzed Capitol Hill and turned Congress into a wildly dysfunctional and widely loathed travesty.
"Essentially, we are caught up in the gridlock happening in Washington," says Paul Boyle, senior vice president for public policy of the Newspaper Association of America and point man for a broad coalition of organizations pushing for the shield legislation. He adds, "Unless, something remarkable happens, it's not going to go to the floor."
Paul Boyle Senior Vice President of Public Policy Newspaper Association of America.
(Photo: handout)
Kevin Goldberg, legal counsel for another member of the coalition, the American Society of News Editors, is similarly downbeat. "I'm not optimistic for this year," Goldberg said on a panel at the joint convention held by ASNE and Associated Press Media Editors in Chicago last week. "We're running out of time."
Shield law enthusiasts have come close before. They seemed on  the verge of triumph when the House and the Senate Judiciary Committee approved it in 2009. Then the bill was smothered by the hysteria over WikiLeaks.
But don't expect the coalition to pick itself up, dust itself off and start over again in the next Congress. Given the state of play on Capitol Hill, what would be the point?
Regardless of whether Republicans take the Senate by a narrow margin or the Democrats hang on,  Doppler radar suggests the forecast calls for a 100% chance for continued paralysis inside the Beltway.
Boyle told me he doesn't see another push next year. "There will be just as much gridlock," he says. "It doesn't make sense."
Coalition members are frustrated by the fact that a majority of senators back the bill. Boyle says his count shows 56 ayes and 20 undecideds, many of which he thinks he would snag. (The way the Senate works these days, it takes 60 votes to get it done.)
But if there's a majority for it, why wasn't there at least a vote before, and why won't there be one in the lame duck?  If Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., called the bill up, Republicans would insist on time to debate a plethora of amendments. "I just don't see a scenario where the Senate would be spending a week on shield legislation," Boyle says.
The result: Yet another swing and a miss by Congress.
94 CONNECT 54 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1siJzj6
USA NOW
Marion Barry, former D.C. mayor, passes away at age 78
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1v9IEi85 reasons McDonald's is falling apart
The growing menu is causing delays and prep mistakes.
Post to Facebook
5 reasons McDonald's is falling apart The growing menu is causing delays and prep mistakes. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sce3n4
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
263
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
5 reasons McDonald's is falling apart
Rick Munarriz, The Motley Fool 2:45 p.m. EDT September 20, 2014
Check out Ronald McDonald's new threads!
(Photo: McDonald's)
14099 CONNECT 304 TWEET 103 LINKEDIN 263 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Another month, another wave of customer defections at your local Mickey D's. McDonald's ( MCD )  posted another disappointing showing in terms of store-level sales for the month of August. U.S. comparable sales slipped 2.8% for the month, falling by an even harder 3.7% worldwide. McDonald's stock hit a new 52-week low on the news.
These are lean times for the world's largest burger flipper, especially closer to home, where comps have fallen in 9 of the past 10 months. Let's explore some of the reasons for the rut that the fast food giant finds itself in at the moment.
1. Quality is a problem
McDonald's has been trying to upgrade the quality of its food, realizing that fast casual chains that offer higher-end fare with the convenience of quick-service restaurants are growing at its expense. Unfortunately, its reputation for having crummy food even within its own category isn't going away.
A Consumer Reports survey of more than 32,000 fast food fans ranked McDonald's dead last among 21 leading burger chains based on taste. When's the last time an entrenched consumer brand dramatically reshaped consumer perception of the quality of its grub? It won't be easy for McDonald's.
2. The growing menu is causing delays and prep mistakes
McDonald's is no longer just about burgers and fries, but giving customers more choices also has its drawbacks. McDonald's hosted a webcast with its franchisees last year, alerting them on growing number of customer complaints about employee unfriendliness.
What's making customers so unhappy? Industry trade mag QSR puts out its Drive-Thru Performance Study every year, tracking transaction speeds. Last year, it found that the average McDonald's customer's wait increased to more than three minutes after placing an order to receive it. That's worse than the industry average, and a personal worst for McDonald's.
Connect the dots, and it's easy to see why the more complicated menu at McDonald's is doing more harm than good.
3. The world is no longer its oyster
It's been a rough go for McDonald's domestically, but it was holding up relatively better overseas until this summer. August has offered a double whammy of international setbacks as a supplier scare has decimated its traffic in China, while Russian regulators shut down several locations on food safety concerns that may ore may not have had political motivations.
In short, the same world that was once there for the taking is starting to turn on McDonald's.
4. McDonald's is being cast as "the bad guy"
It's been a year since the Service Employees International Union launched the Fight for 15 protests, trying to get fast food chains to boost their minimum wage to $15. As the country's largest burger chain, McDonald's has become the poster child for the campaign.
The end result is that a lot of people think it's not just the food that's cheap at McDonald's. It's not entirely fair. As big as McDonald's itself may be, 80% of the restaurants are owned by independent franchisees working on leaner markups. However, those siding with the union's push to roughly double wages at McDonald's may be avoiding the chain on principle, even as most of its burger peers are holding up better in terms of comps.
5. Going back to basics may not be on the table
A common argument is that McDonald's just needs to return to its simple roots and the Dollar Menu emphasis that served it so well in its heyday. The problem is that it isn't likely to work. If McDonald's scrapped the fancy coffee drinks, premium chicken sandwiches, and gourmet burgers off of its menu, do you really think sales would increase? Outside of a likely improvement in speed of service, it would lose more customers than it would gain by going back to basics.
Yes, a place like Five Guys can thrive without adding shakes, desserts, or fancy sandwiches. The challenge is being able to retain popularity once you start to scale back an expanded menu. This is where McDonald's finds itself today, seemingly in a winless situation.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives.  Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
&amp;amp;amp;lt;SCRIPT language='JavaScript1.1'SRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/adj/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;/SCRIPT&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;AHREF="http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;IMGSRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?" BORDER=0 WIDTH=550 HEIGHT=300ALT="Advertisement"&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;/A&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;/NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;amp;gt;
14099 CONNECT 304 TWEET 103 LINKEDIN 263 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sce3n4
USA NOW
Marion Barry, former D.C. mayor, passes away at age 78
Nov 23, 2014

Reliance Jio tie-up with Indus TowersReliance Jio tie-up with Indus Towers
GMR Group gets going into Nepal  signs $900m projectGMR Group gets going into Nepal  signs $900m project
Bank cash appetite to growBank cash appetite to grow
Fewer telecom companies better  says TraiFewer telecom companies better  says Trai
PNB stock split movePNB stock split move
Markets Tremble on New China Worries -- UpdateMarkets Tremble on New China Worries -- Update
India for global help on stashIndia for global help on stash
RadioShack sparked joy of tinkering4
I still experience a thrill at recalling my own first breakthrough. Radios were then powered by vacuum tubes, a bunch of them in a store-bought model, maybe one or two in a homemade radio. There was also a zero-tube radio, the ultimate learning device. It used a crystal — the distant ancestor of the transistor — and was popular with parents because it didn't need electricity, hence no trips to the basement to replace blown fuses. The trade-off was that it needed a monstrously long antenna mounted as high up as possible.
So my father and my Uncle Bill climbed up on the roof of the apartment building where we lived, strung a wire the length of it and dropped it over the edge toward our second-floor apartment. As they brought it through a hole drilled in the sill of our living room window, my mother had a look on her face suggesting she would prefer me to go back to stamp collecting. But it turned to a look of mother's pride when I shouted out that I'd heard a radio station through the earphones of my crystal set.
Trial and error, failure and success, you can't get that experience by collecting leaves. Once you've pasted the first bunch, you've pretty much exhausted the potential for understanding the process by which science advances. But lessons learned from building simple radios are with me still: You need to know much power is needed to get so much current through a resistance? Ask me, I'll recite Ohm's Law. Why are some stations called AM and others FM? It depends on the modulation of the signal they send out.
Which is not to say that kids of the future will be intellectually deprived for not having the experiences that yield those factoids. They'll have other ones, no doubt. When cellphones came in, our 7-year-old granddaughter showed me how to use one. Besides, the thrill felt by my generation of nerds was already dimming long before RadioShack's potential demise, a side effect of progress. Transistors replaced vacuum tubes, those fragile glass devices that gave off a mysterious saffron glow. Then transistors, resistors and other electronic components were combined and miniaturized into computer chips.
I tried to catch up with electronic progress by taking a course in repairing computers. When we opened up one, I was stunned to see what was inside: a motherboard, something like a breadboard, but without its flexibility. If it didn't work, the instructor said, we should throw it out and get a new one.
Now, I'm not a moss-backed opponent of progress. My cellphone has as many apps as the next guy. Yet for something gained, something else is lost. So when the last blister pack is removed from the last electronic parts store, I'll mark the end of an era with a period of mourning.
I promise to keep my apps off for 30 days. So help me RadioShack.

How The Gotham Typeface Came To Define Our EraThis post originally appeared on Slate .
By Jacob Covey
This is the third in a series of posts analyzing and celebrating typefaces. These posts were originally published by HiLobrow .
GOTHAM | TOBIAS FRERE-JONES | 2000
Sans-serif type generates a lot of passion among graphic designers. While serif faces are defined by ornamentation, sans-serifs are specifically defined by what they are not. They aren’t serifed. They aren’t rooted in traditional ideas of lettering and calligraphic flourish. They are exercises in minimalism with nuanced turns and terminals. At its most histrionic, a sans face might have a lone bar (or “ear”) protruding from the lowercase “g” or a particularly unconventional question mark.
The sans as we know it has been around since the very late 18th century and the first forms were dubbed “grotesk” or “grotesque,” an appellation which reveals what people popularly thought of this homely new idea in letterforms. But with time many sans-serifs have become associated with major modernist movements in graphic design—most importantly, the 1920s Bauhaus aligning with the Geometric typeface Futura and the 1950s Swiss school with the Neo-Grotesque typeface Helvetica . There have been many hundreds of sans-serif families created, all revolving around this simplified framework and some dozen tend to be the same ones favorited by any given typesetter.
Very few faces become so ubiquitous as to define an era. Gotham is defining ours now. The most remarkable, flexible sans-serif family to be released in at least a generation, it has never aimed to align with lofty ideas. Although nostalgic, it is a sans-serif free of historical baggage. First appearing on newsstands as a commissioned font for Esquire magazine, it was introduced with A-list celebrity. It was later influential to the election of Barack Obama as the official typeface in his 2008 run (most notably set in blue at the bottom of Shepard Fairey’s “HOPE” poster), then reborn in a slab-serif for the 2012 election. And currently it feeds your Twitter page. You see it every time you watch a movie trailer.
With its variety of weights and families Gotham is practically peerless. Notably, it has narrower widths that allow for better legibility when set as text, taking it out of the realm of headline-only typefaces. ( See Paul Rand’s “dogshit” comment about Helvetica care of Kyle Cooper. ) It has a powerful presence yet it is approachable and even friendly, sharing similar roots to Futura. It manages the Futurists’ love of assertiveness and yet, too, the humanity of faces like Gill Sans without the bogus compromise of Humanism . (A typeset sans is not the domain of the calligraphic, for god’s sake.)
Certainly Gotham is overused and now inescapable but that only speaks to the rarity and strength of its character. Gotham’s creator, Tobias Frere-Jones, is an avatar of the creative type who blindly follows his muse; he will forever be tied to this accomplishment. His sad story of falling out with his longtime business partner only underscores the contemporary resonance of Gotham: These are grotesque times.
More:

Certifying Gender Equalityreddit
You might have missed it, but a U.S. company just made big news in the business world with a welcome announcement about its policies for women in its labor force.
L'Oreal USA has joined Deloitte Switzerland, CEDP Poland, and Compartamos Banco Mexico as the first U.S.-based company to receive the EDGE (Economic Dividends for Gender Equality) certification, according to reports in the Washington Post .
The EDGE certification recognizes companies with exceptional gender practices. It is the only universal business certification that addresses gender.
EDGE Certification isn't easy to attain. For six months, L'Oreal USA shared data and participated in surveys, assessments and evaluations by a third-party auditor. Simply put, L'Oreal USA's certification is a well-earned great step forward.
But as laudable as L'Oreal USA's efforts are, good corporate gender practices can't end with one company -- or at any office door. Women's empowerment requires a much more comprehensive -- even global -- perspective on the sourcing of materials and labor.
Women's collectives in countries like Ghana (where many companies source raw goods such as shea butter) address many of the same issues companies seeking the EDGE certification are attempting to tackle. A natural next step for companies seeking to empower women is to look at how they can also purchase from and employ women's collectives in developing countries.
If widely adopted, such a move could empower millions more women and transform the world.
Around the globe, women face significant barriers to success. But in developing countries, the obstacles are even greater. Unequal property rights, limited legal protections, poor working conditions, pay discrimination, and a lack of access to credit are just some of the challenges that hamstring women in Ghana, Haiti, Sri Lanka and other developing nations.
In Women Thrive Worldwide's recent report , we found that the economic advancement of the very poorest people -- those living on less than two U.S. dollars a day -- will depend on investing in women, and especially on promoting leadership development and networking among women living in poverty.
Women's collectives are sensible candidates for such investment. Community-rooted associations like DAA in Ghana or Honduras's COMUCAP can bring together underrepresented women in local communities and provide access to the resources women need to succeed at work and beyond. Collectives can also help low-income women improve leadership skills and secure a sustainable, family-supporting livelihood.
As it turns out, there's a compelling business case for corporations to invest in women's collectives: community stability and profit-supporting economic growth.
Over the past seven years, McKinsey & Company has released an annual report "Women Matter," which has repeatedly found that corporations with women in executive roles perform better than those with no women executives.
Families in developing countries show the same kind of competitive edge when women are economically empowered. Women reinvest 90 percent of their income into their families and their communities, according to the World Bank.  They use that money to send their children to school and pay for household necessities like clothing, food, and medicine.
Helping women gain economic equality is a key factor in reducing poverty and growing entire nations' gross domestic product, which is good for business.
It's important to remember the fundamentals of a buyer's market, too. I and many other consumers are looking for products we can feel good about -- especially products that help empower women. This consumer market is a powerful incentive, or it should be, for businesses that already internalize gender equity principles in their labor practices to go even further.
Corporations can play a significant role in promoting growth and improving the quality of life for women in developing countries. I applaud L'Oreal's commitment to women and opening their company to transparency and hope many other corporations follow suit.   I hope businesses will also take the next step and recognize the full economic potential of women in developing countries.  Until the economic power of women workers and producers is tapped, corporations -- and the world at large -- are missing a tremendous opportunity for profit and social good.
Follow Lauren Supina on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LaurenSupina
More:

Airline profits up 64%  bag fees generate $900 million in 2nd quarter0
Airline industry experts attribute the strong financial numbers to carriers filling almost every available seat and collecting fees for a long menu of on-board extras. In June, 87.4% of the seats on domestic flights were full, a new record for the industry.
The nation's largest airlines collected $3.3 billion in checked bag fees for 2013, compared with $1.1 billion in 2008.
Once the merger of American Airlines and US Airways is completed, four of the nation's carriers will control about 80% of all domestic air traffic, according to federal studies.
To read more about travel, tourism and the airline industry, follow me on Twitter at @hugomartin .

PSBs may need $37 billion in capital as recovery fires up loan demand: Moody sPSBs may need $37 billion in capital as recovery fires up loan demand: Moody s
CFTC and traders clash on cotton verdictCFTC and traders clash on cotton verdict
By Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4adc7738-2870-11e4-b085-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

KKR offers structured credit deal to GMRKKR offers structured credit deal to India’s GMR
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/901390d4-3d9c-11e4-8797-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Aamir Khan and his controversiesCelebrity
Aamir Khan And His Controversies
Aamir Khan is a great actor, a perfectionist and always chooses his films meticulously. But then he is also a human being and do get embroiled in controversy. The latter have often wrecked his normal life. Here are a few of them.
Tue 16 Sep, 2014 12:05 PM IST
Latest Galleries
Prev Next
Aamir Khan is a great actor, a perfectionist and always chooses his films meticulously. But then he is also a human being and do get embroiled in controversy. The latter have often wrecked his normal life. Here are a few of them
Aamir Khan is a great actor, a perfectionist and always chooses his films meticulously. But then he is also a human being and do get embroiled in controversy. The latter have often wrecked his normal life. Here are a few of them
Recommend

The short-sighted US buyback boom© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f098df90-3fef-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotland and Europe need grand coalitionsSeptember 21, 2014 5:27 pm
Scotland’s No echoes Europe’s Yes to grand coalitions
By Niall Ferguson
The right response is for the centrists to join forces, hard though it is to bury their ancestral rivalries, writes Niall Ferguson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f3991368-4184-11e4-a7b3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saddams oil smuggling network is being tappedFuelling Isis Inc
By Borzou Daragahi and Erika Solomon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/34e874ac-3dad-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China: the worlds energy superpowerAbout Nick
Blog guide
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
This blog looks at the relationship between energy and power, plus the global trends and influences on the industry. Nick aims to blog twice a week
Nick Butler is Visiting Professor and Chair of the Kings Policy Institute at Kings College London.
He spent 29 years with BP, including five years as Group Vice President for Policy and Strategy Development at BP from 2002 to 2006.   He has also served as Senior Policy Adviser at No 10, Chairman of the Centre for European Reform and Treasurer of the Fabian Society.
Nick Butler is an investor in, and an adviser to a number of companies and institutions in the energy business.  The views expressed are solely those of Mr Butler.  This material is not intended to provide and should not be relied upon for investment advice or recommendations.   Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investment.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Graduate trainees as corporate brainsWhy graduate trainees are often a company’s biggest brains
By Lucy Kellaway
Years of drudgery have a way of taking the shine off brilliance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8299faa-3fdc-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ISRO successfully test fires India s Mars Orbiter Mission s main engine5
18
Bangalore: The Indian Space Research Organisation on Monday successfully test fired the main liquid engine of India's Mars Orbiter Mission, which has been in sleep mode for 10 months. The Mars Orbiter Mission will enter the red planet's atmosphere on September 24.
After igniting the engine, ISRO tweeted, "Mars Orbiter engine test firing must have completed. We'll get a confirmation after the communication delay of 12 minutes."
A few minutes later, ISRO tweeted, "Mars Orbiter main liquid engine test firing successful."
#isro #mars mission #mars orbiter mission #mars
The 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) engine was in an idle mode on the Mars Orbiter Mission for 300 days and was fired for about four seconds and it will boost the confidence level of ISRO about the success of insertion of the spacecraft into the Martian orbit.
"This test firing of the LAM engine is like a trial, which is going to be fired for a longer duration on September 24 for Mars Orbit Insertion," a top ranking ISRO official  said.
The engine was test fired for 3.968 seconds with fuel consumption of about 0.567 kg and with a decremental velocity of 2.142 meters/second.
The Mars Orbiter Mission, India's first interplanetary mission launched on November 5, 2013 by India's workhorse Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) from the spaceport of Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh, entered into Sphere of Influence of Mars today.
On a 666 million km journey, the spacecraft escaped the earth gravity pull on December 1, 2013.
(With additional information from PTI)
#MarsOrbiter Main Liquid Engine test firing successful! pic.twitter.com/NDhL9vVWRs

Nepal launches hydropower growth planNepal launches hydropower growth plan with $1.4bn deal
By Victor Mallet in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ff40a2d2-422c-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cotton slides on bumper US harvestsCotton slides on bumper US harvests
By Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f7debb4-27b3-11e4-ae44-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tibetan spirits sag under Chinese yokeTibetans struggle to escape from China’s yoke
By Victor Mallet in Dharamsala, India
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce7f8328-f157-11e3-9fb0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Disneys Bollywood pushDisney eyes bigger picture with Bollywood link
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f1309d4a-3fc6-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

European stocks decline on China disappointment; Dax down 0.32%Sep 22, 2014, 01.06 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
European stocks decline on China disappointment; Dax down 0.32%
European stocks decline on China disappointment; Dax down 0.32%
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
European stocks decline on China disappointment; Dax down 0.32%
European stocks decline on China disappointment; Dax down 0.32%
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - European stocks were lower on Monday, after China's finance minister crushed expectatons for further stimulus measures, while concerns over the outlook for growth in the euro zone also weighed.
During European morning trade, the DJ Euro Stoxx 50 slid 0.49%, France's CAC 40 declined 0.36%, while Germany's DAX shed 0.32%.
Sentiment weakened after China's Finance Minister Lou Jiwei reiterated that his government will not make any major policy adjustments, dampening speculation that weaker economic data will spur further stimulus in the world'ss second biggest economy.
European equities also came under pressure after finance ministers and central bank chiefs from the Group of 20 warned that Europe's extended slowdown remains a major concern.
G20 members met over the weekend in the Australian city of Cairns to deliver their outlook on the global economy.
Financial stocks were mixed, as French lenders BNP Paribas (PARIS:BNPP) added 0.15% and Societe Generale (PARIS:SOGN) slipped 0.28%, while Germany's Deutsche Bank (XETRA:DBKGn) edged up 0.08%.
Among peripheral lenders, Italy's Unicredit (MILAN:CRDI) and Intesa Sanpaolo (MILAN:ISP) fell 0.28% and 0.29% respectively, while Spanish banks Banco Santander (MADRID:SAN) and BBVA (MADRID:BBVA) lost 0.09% and 0.70%.
Elsewhere, Siemens (AMS:SIEG) retreated 0.70% after the engineering company agreed to buy Dresser-Rand Group (NYSE:DRC) for $7.6 billion.
On the upside, Cermaq (OSLO:CEQ) soared 15.98% after Mitsubishi (TOKYO:8058) offered to buy the Norwegian fishing company for 8.88 billion kroner.
In London, commodity-heavy FTSE 100 dropped 0.55%, weighed by sharp losses in the mining sector.
Shares in Bhp Billiton (LONDON:BLT) plummeted 2.09% and Glencore Xstrata (LONDON:GLEN) lost 2.78%, while rivals Rio Tinto (LONDON:RIO) and Fresnillo (LONDON:FRES) plunged 2.94% and 3.06% respectively.
Tesco (LONDON:TSCO) led losses on the index, down 7.84%, after the U.K.'s biggest grocer said it overstated its guidance for first-half earnings by about |£250 million.
In the financial sector, stocks were also mostly lower. HSBC Holdings (LONDON:HSBA) saw shares slump 0.40% and the Royal Bank of Scotland (LONDON:RBS) declined 0.62%, while Lloyds Banking (LONDON:LLOY) retreated 0.88%. Barclays (LONDON:BARC) overperformed however, gaining 0.32%.
In the U.S., equity markets pointed to a lower open. The Dow 30 futures pointed to a 0.32% fall, S&P 500 futures signaled a 0.53% decline, while the NASDAQ 100 futures indicated a 0.59% loss.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Mitsubishi bids $1.4bn for Norways CermaqLast updated: September 22, 2014 9:13 pm
Mitsubishi offers $1.4bn for Norwegian fish farmer Cermaq
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c96ce63e-4231-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mitsubishi to stop west European productionFebruary 6, 2012 12:29 pm
Mitsubishi to stop west European production
By John Reed in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6d7bae80-50b4-11e1-ab40-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan loosens its tight grip on cashLast updated: June 9, 2014 4:18 pm
Japan’s companies loosen grip on cash
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2d7257e-ef9e-11e3-bee7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ferraris F1 fortunes turnSeptember 12, 2014 2:32 pm
Ferrari’s F1 fortunes turn
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e07a87e8-39d3-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investing in the capital city of Andhra PradeshTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Open Account by Just Submitting 2 Photos: Finance MinistryManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry on Monday said people who do not have officially valid documents or Aadhaar numbers can open bank accounts under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) by submitting two copies of signed photographs at the bank branch.
"RBI has issued guidelines dated August 26, 2014, where people who do not have officially valid documents or Aadhaar numbers can still get bank accounts opened by submitting two copies of signed photographs at the bank branch," an official statement said.
However, it said these accounts will be called 'small accounts', shall normally be valid for 12 months and shall be continued subject to showing of proof that the holder has applied for any of the officially valid document within 12 months of opening of such an account.
These accounts have certain limitations such as balance at any point of time should not exceed Rs 50,000, total credit in one year should not exceed Rs 1 lakh, and total withdrawal should not exceed Rs 10,000 in a month, the statement further said.
It also said the existing account holder need not open another bank account to avail of benefits under the Jan Dhan financial inclusion scheme. As of today, 4.18 crore accounts have been opened under the scheme.
"In fact insurance benefits are available through the RuPay Card. The existing account holders can submit an application to the concerned branch to enable them to get a RuPay Debit Card in order to avail of the benefits of insurance under PMJDY," it said.
Micro credit limit of Rs 5,000 can also be extended in existing bank accounts on application depending on the satisfactory conduct of the account, the statement said.
The statement said that there had been complaints from some places about the availability of the account opening forms due to huge rush and certain people taking advantage of such a situation.
In view of this, an advertisement has been issued in all major newspapers where the account opening form has been published, the statement noted.
It said anybody desirous of opening an account can come and take this application form to the nearest bank branch/bank mitr for opening the account.
This one-page account opening form is also available on the department's website - www.financialservices.gov.in , it added.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 23:04 (IST)

PM s US visit: Defense partnership and economic relations top agendabilateral
(Defence and security partnership,…)
NEW DELHI: Defence and security partnership, energy including renewable energy relations and economic and investment ties and technology transfer will dominate Narendra Modi's maiden visit to the USA as Prime Minister that is widely expected to correct sentiments in the India-US relations that have been soured since 2011.
On his longest trip abroad since taking over as the PM, Modi leaves for USA on September 25-26 for nearly seven days during which he will give his maiden speech at UN General Assembly on September 27 in New York and then proceed to Washington for the summit meeting with President Barack Obama on September 30.
All eyes are set on that meeting when Modi is also expected to raise concerns over US Immigration Bill that will affect Indian IT industry if passed in the current form. The Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act (S 744) imposes new and onerous restrictions and higher fees on H-1B and L1 visa programmes on the international IT services sector and would create an uneven playing field.
Modi's visit is also expected to iron out bilateral differences over Intellectual Property Rights particularly in the pharmaceutical industry, official sources told ET. Big ticket items for the visit include expansion in the defence partnership to not only launch joint production of equipment but also sharing perspectives on West Asia and East and Southeast Asia, sources indicated.
Joint production and co-development that entails technology transfer is Modi's mantra to attain self-sufficiency in the defence sector in the long run. India has deep interests over energy security and its diaspora in West Asia where Arab Spring followed by radical ISIS movement has been destablising factors. Meanwhile, China's growing ambitions in East and Southeast Asia have been a matter of concern for both India and USA.
Among regional issues, situation in the Af-Pak region will dominate discussions, sources pointed out. India's energy demands are rising by the day and Modi will make efforts to source more energy from Washington including partnership in solar energy and importing LNG and shale gas. There willfolbe considerable focus on clean energy partnership, an official said. While Modi would seek transfer of high-technology from the USA, the Obama administration would be keen to hear from him an environment conducive for investments after the policy paralysis in India since 2011, sources indicated.
US is interested in the agriculture and food processing sectors including coldchains. Besides, interest is growing in USA about investments in industrial parks or zones, and water purification, water management and energy from waste as part of smart city projects in India. "The US administration and senators are looking forward to a visit that will energise the relationship and expect that Prime Minister Modi could give them a confidence to further expand and deepen ties," averred Robinder Sachdev, head of the India chapter of US India Political Action Committee, one of the influential India-American lobby groups said.
There are also indications US firm can invest in the Modi government's campaign to Clean India. Education, especially community colleges by USA in India could be one of the deliverables from the visit. Modi and Obama will also discuss India's nuclear liability law and ways to address concerns of US nuclear major Westinghouse.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Get ready for more Flipkarts and Snapdeals as IITs gear up to teach entrepreneurshipYou are here: Home > Collections
Get ready for more Flipkarts and Snapdeals as IITs gear up to teach entrepreneurship
Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 08.31AM IST
Tags:
Flipkart
(Other IITs in Madras,…)
NEW DELHI: IITs have always produced a steady stream of entrepreneurs, including those behind celebrated companies such as Flipkart and Snapdeal . Many IITs also have thriving incubation cells that seek to spawn such entrepreneurs. IIT-Madras is even raising a startup fund. Now, finally, IITs are gearing up to teach entrepreneurship in the classroom.
IITs in Delhi, Kharagpur and Hyderabad are planning to bring entrepreneurship at the forefront of their BTech curriculum, and plan to launch minor as well as elective courses on the subject from next year. Other IITs in Madras, Mumbai, Gandhinagar, Kanpur, Patna and Mandi have just taken baby steps to include entrepreneurship in their curriculum. These steps could further whip up a culture of entrepreneurship at the IITs and in the country, entrepreneurs and investors say.
"This will benefit students who are not born into a business family, but yet aspire to run a company," Sasha Mirchandani, managing partner and founder of Kae Capital and founder of Mumbai Angels, a network of investors, said. "If you have faculty members teaching entrepreneurship, students would be more willing to learn about start-ups and businesses," he added.
IIT-Delhi recently introduced courses on entrepreneurship. These could evolve into a minor, PV Madhusudan Rao of the mechanical engineering department of IIT-Delhi, said. A minor is a pre-defined course in a focus area whereas an elective is an optional departmental or open-category course. Patna is another IIT thinking about launching a minor in entrepreneurship.
"With a subject like entrepreneurship being taught by actual entrepreneurs, it will help, support and guide young entrepreneurial ventures in the right direction," said Ajai Chowdhry, founder of HCL, who also teaches the subject at IIT-Hyderabad and is the chairman at IIT-Patna. "It could play a crucial role in reducing the number of failed start-ups," he added.
IIT-Kharagpur is considering a micro or thin specialisation in engineering entrepreneurship for its BTech students from next year, said PP Das, head of Rajendra Mishra School of Engineering Entrepreneurship at IIT-Kharagpur. This summer, IIT-Gandhinagar sent a dozen engineering students to attend a course on entrepreneurship at Technion, a technology institute in Israel.
"Since inception, IIT-Gandhinagar has been focusing on entrepreneurship as we do not want to be an institute offering a vanilla degree in BTech. We are offering entrepreneurship as both an elective and minor," said Sudhir K Jain, director at IIT-Gandhinagar. IIT-Madras is raising a fund for start-ups.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Online shopping: Big brands turn to e-tailersCanon
(Several consumer electronics…)
KOLKATA: When Philips India recently launched a specially designed entry-level shaver targeted at male consumers in smaller towns, what convinced the Dutch firm about its market potential was data culled primarily from e-commerce and search sites, validated by its own research.
A Philips official said tracking sales and browsing data of such products helped the firm notice high interest in shavers in tier-II towns and the features and price range they were looking for, which convinced the firm to roll out a new product with a starting price of Rs 900, about 40% less than the previous entry-level product.
Consumer electronics companies, smartphone makers, apparel and lifestyle brands are increasingly sourcing consumer data research from e-commerce firms on the back of rapid growth of online shopping and product searches in the country, pitting the likes of Flipkart and Snapdeal against market research firms such as Nielsen and GfK .
"Big data gathering has been a key goal for major e-commerce players. Now that a significant data has been gathered, companies have started mining insights and actions from this big data," said Sachin Oswal, co-founder and chief operating officer of e-commerce firm Infibeam.
He said apparel and jewellery brands use "purchase data" of customers to plan new product styles, including material and colour, based on its analytics system while electronic brands are using it to plan inventory levels. Brands are also diving into the shopping history and reaching out to consumers via personalised newsletters and notifications, Oswal said.
Several consumer electronics brands, including Canon, Samsung , Panasonic and Sony, have either tied up with e-commerce firms, or plan to do so, to tap into their goldmine of consumer data.
Panasonic India MD Manish Sharma said the company plans to tap consumer insight from online sales for product development, creating pricing and launch strategies. "We will primarily use it for televisions, smartphones and beauty care products," he said.
Brands say data from online retailers cost a fraction of the hefty fees market research firms charge. Often it comes at no cost if they have direct business agreements with the retailer.
Many brands already avail data analytics services of search major Google, which is often the starting point for a lot of e-commerce transactions. Canon buys consumer surfing data on cameras from Google to understand what features, colour and specifications consumers are searching.
"This kind of data analytics is insightful for our planning and strategy," said Alok Bharadwaj, executive vice president at Canon India. "However, the next big wave of research will be the e-commerce websites where consumers have a much deeper level of engagement," he said, adding that Canon plans to soon tap e-commerce sites too for data.
Almost one-fourth of digital SLR camera sales in the country already take place on the internet.
Vivek Sharma, vice president and head of marketing at Philips India, said that since many e-commerce platforms have transformed into marketplaces where goods are sold by multiple vendors, sharing of data from these platforms is governed by different set of guidelines. "We rely equally on our own consumer research and analytics across digital mediums and social networks to gain consumer insight," he said.
Radhika Ghai Aggarwal, co-founder of online retail website Shopclues. com, said merchants registered on its e-commerce platform have access to a wealth of data that gives them store analytics, sales data, promotions tracking and invaluable customer insight.
"The fact that e-tailing can be integrated seamlessly with other digital media like mobile and social, is a big advantage for new brands in the market," she said. The size of India's e-commerce market last year was estimated at around $13 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi govt set to ease norms for FDI in const...Arun Jaitley
(The government is seriously…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government is set to substantially ease norms for foreign investment in the construction sector, hoping to drum up interest in the prime minister's plans for 100 smart cities as well his affordable housing initiative. The government is seriously considering the removal of all restrictions on size and minimum capitalisation for the smart cities as well as affordable housing projects. "The discussions are on for exempting smart cities from all FDI conditionalities. We need to give them a push by making it attractive for investors," said a government official.
The new policy is also expected to provide easier exit windows.The proposal could be moved for the Cabinet's consideration as early as next week. The new foreign direct investment (FDI) regime may allow developers to exit after the completion of the project or through the approval of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board ( FIPB ) against the three-year lock-in period currently imposed, a condition that has been a big deterrent to foreign investment in the sector.
Developers will be exempt from restrictions related to minimum capitalisation and exits if they commit 30% of the project cost to affordable housing. "The thrust will be on affordable housing and smart cities. The proposal is that they be exempted from the conditionalities to attract more foreign investment. There is a need to channelise investments in the affordable housing segment," said a government official aware of the development.
The minimum built-up area has been proposed to be cut to 20,000 sq mt from 50,000 sq mt while the minimum capitalisation requirement will be halved to $5 million from $10 million. The government hopes the easier rules will also help in the faster completion of projects delayed by a squeeze on funds because of elevated debt levels. "The (Cabinet) note is more or less finalised," the official added. The government is planning to set up 100 smart cities across the country that will provide modern amenities, education and employment opportunities. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had proposed an allocation of Rs 7,060 crore in the Union Budget toward smart cities in the country.
The sector attracted $1.2 billion in FDI in 2013-14, down 8% from 2012-13. Investors would likely be able to exit projects on receipt of occupancy and/or completion certificates issued by the competent local authority or after FIPB's nod." It is being discussed to do away with the minimum lock-in period of three years after the completion of the project. A developer should be allowed to exit immediately after completing it," the official added.This will also create an incentive for faster completion of projects.
"The prime minister has a vision of developing 100 smart cities as satellite towns of larger cities and by modernising the existing mid-sized cities," Jaitley had said in his budget speech.
Under current rules, 100% FDI is allowed through the automatic route in development of townships, housing and built-up infrastructure, subject to stringent conditions. Present norms require minimum capitalisation of $10 million for wholly owned subsidiaries and $5 million for joint ventures with Indian partners.Between April 2000 and July 2014, construction development, including townships, housing and built-up infrastructure in the country received FDI worth $23.77 billion, or 10.4% of the total FDI attracted by India during the period.
The issue related to agricultural land will be dealt with at the state level. The BJP government is on a foreign investment liberalisation drive. It increased the FDI cap in defence to 49% from 26% last month and allowed 100% FDI in railway infrastructure while partially opening up railway operations. "International investors are already looking at India again.
The relaxation in construction FDI will definitely create a strong positive sentiment as far as smart cities are concerned. It will need to be backed by faster approvals and addressing issues related to the land acquisition policy," said Sachin Sandhir, MD, RICS South Asia. "The government will give concessions to smart cities to make it attractive for foreign investors. Easing of norms has generated high interest levels from not just the foreign investors but also domestic players," said RR Singh, director-general, National Real Estate Development Council (Naredco).
FEATURED ARTICLES

White House beefs up security after intruder incidentWhite House beefs up security after intruder incident
Lending Club seeks to raise more than $500m in IPOLending Club seeks to raise more than $500m in IPO
By Nicole Bullock and Tracy Alloway in New York and Arash Massoudi in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a60308a6-2e25-11e4-b760-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deutsche Bank fined over reporting errorsDeutsche Bank fined £4.7m by FCA over reporting blunders
By Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03621630-2eae-11e4-afe4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deutsche Bank hires IT chiefs after faultsDeutsche Bank hires two IT chiefs to tackle control flaws
By Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ac8a576-26ea-11e4-a46a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

"Hiring activity in Kolkata grows by 22% in August""Hiring activity in Kolkata grows by 22% in August"
Perry Cites Joan Rivers  Death In Defense Of Controversial Anti-Abortion LawRick Perry Cites Joan Rivers' Death In Defense Of Controversial Anti-Abortion Law
Posted:
reddit
While speaking on HB2, a controversial law that would have required abortion facilities in Texas to meet hospital-level operating standards, Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) wondered if a similar law might have saved comedian Joan Rivers' life.
A federal judge halted the Texas abortion restrictions in late August, but the state is appealing the ruling. Perry signed the law in 2013 and defended it Sunday at the Texas Tribune Festival.
"Clearly, the will of the Texas Legislature -- which I agree with -- that it is a state's right to put particular types of considerations into place, to put rules and regulations into place, to make a clinic be as safe as a hospital," Perry said. "It was interesting that, when Joan Rivers, and the procedure that she had done where she died, that was a clinic. It's a curious thought that if they had had that type of regulations in place, whether or not that individual would be still alive."
The audience at the Tribune Festival can be heard murmuring in the video above after Perry's comments on Rivers.
In late August, Rivers stopped breathing during a procedure on her vocal cords at a New York clinic for patients with gastrointestinal problems. She died Sept. 4 , after a week on life support.
Perry added that he signed HB2 into law "to make this a safer place." Had the restrictions not been blocked, only seven of Texas' 41 licensed abortion clinics would have remained open to serve the more than 5 million women of reproductive age in the state.
Read more on the debate over HB2 from HuffPost's Laura Bassett here .
Also on HuffPost:

U.S. moves to stop tax  inversionsTreasury acts to stop overseas tax 'inversions'
By Jeanne Sahadi   @CNNMoney September 22, 2014: 10:08 PM ET
 
Obama on tax inversion: 'It's not fair'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The U.S. Treasury Department on Monday announced what it called its "first, targeted steps" to make it harder for U.S. companies to reduce their tax bills by merging with foreign firms and moving abroad.
The process, known as inversion, has been all the rage in the corporate world this year.
The Obama administration, while urging Congress to act, had been threatening for months to crack down on inversions.
What Treasury did on Monday was issue tax guidance that will govern any inversion completed from today forward. It also imposed at least one new restriction that will affect companies that have recently inverted.
"These first, targeted steps make substantial progress in constraining the creative techniques used to avoid U.S. taxes," Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said.
The changes Treasury announced will make it harder for a U.S. company seeking inversion to escape paying U.S. tax on foreign earnings they have already made. For instance:
No more playing 'hopscotch': Companies only have to pay U.S. tax on their foreign earnings when they bring them back to the United States.
But inverted companies can get around this rule by having a foreign subsidiary it controls make a "hopscotch" loan to the new foreign parent instead of to the U.S. company.
Treasury will now consider such loans as "U.S. property" in many instances and treat the money as a taxable dividend.
 
Buffett helps Burger King bite off U.S. tax
In addition, the new rules will make it harder to check all the boxes necessary to complete a successful inversion in the first place. Two examples:
No more slimming down the U.S. company: In order to successfully invert, the U.S. partner must own less than 80% of the merged company. Treasury's new rules will make it a little harder to stay under that threshold.
Here's how: Sometimes U.S. companies will pay out large dividends just before inverting. That essentially shrinks their size.
Under the new rules, however, such pre-deal dividend payouts won't be counted for the purposes of the ownership requirement.
And no more fattening up the foreign partner: Likewise, the foreign partner's size may be increased by the inclusion of its "passive assets" -- money that isn't used for business operations, such as securities the firm owns.
From today on, though, Treasury will disregard those passive assets when tallying the size of the foreign partner (in cases when the passive assets make up at least half of the company's total assets).
One exemption: This revised rule will not apply to banks and financial service companies.
Is there more to come from Treasury? Overall, Monday's rule changes are aimed at stopping companies from using inversions to reduce taxes on foreign earnings they have already made.
But inverted companies can also cut their tax bills on future earnings through "earnings stripping," noted Steven Rosenthal, a senior fellow at the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center.
Earnings stripping can work like this: The foreign parent makes a large loan to the U.S. subsidiary. The interest on that loan is deductible, and those deductions can largely offset -- and even wipe out -- the taxes the company owes Uncle Sam.
Treasury officials have indicated they may target that technique in later rule changes.
Congress not expected to act: The push to curb inversions has been driven primarily by Democrats ahead of the midterm elections. President Obama and others have suggested that a U.S. company that moves its domicile abroad primarily for tax purposes is "unpatriotic."
Some high-ranking Democrats, such as Senators Charles Schumer and Carl Levin, have introduced legislation to curb inversions.
But few analysts think Congress will enact those measures this year.
And no one expects Congress to embark on comprehensive business tax reform before next year at the earliest.

How HUL CEO is taking forward the process of embracing the marketYou are here: Home > Collections > India
How HUL CEO Sanjiv Mehta is taking forward the process of embracing the market
Kala Vijayraghavan, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 04.40AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(In challenging HUL managers,…)
A year into his tenure as CEO of Hindustan Unilever, Sanjiv Mehta has made his most significant move yet. Convinced new consumers can be found in heaps in the mosaic that is the Indian market, Mehta is giving his managers a new structure to go find it. In challenging HUL managers, he's taking forward the process of embracing the market his predecessor Nitin Paranjpe began.
When Sanjiv Mehta moved to Mumbai last October to take charge of Hindustan Unilever, India's largest FMCG company, it had been 21 years since he last worked in the country. Yet, the son of an RBI accountant who grew up in Mumbai intuitively describes this melting pot of India as "home" and himself as a "Mumbaikar". "When I reach the turn around the museum at Colaba, the years go by in a roll," he says. "Mumbai has been my home for so many years. My mother lives in Colaba."
Still, for Mehta, returning to India with some sense of permanence, and travelling across it, has been about renewing old attachments and finding new ones. That question of identity — just what is India, especially as a consumer — lies at the heart of the change Mehta is trying to sell to his own managers, many of whom have built Hindustan Unilever into a Rs 29,233 crore company and who, at various points in time, have shrugged to say there's little room for this giant to grow in the India they know. It's a notion Mehta is challenging.
"None of the categories in which we operate are saturated. Not even soaps and detergents, which are highly penetrated categories," says Mehta. "If the per-capita consumption in fabric conditioner was to increase to the same level as Vietnam, the market in India for fabric conditioners would be 40X larger." Mehta is laying down the marker in the inimitable way that has come to define the 55-year-old a leader: firm without being rude, purposeful rather than preachy, looking ahead and not back. The admittance that HUL could have done better on the growth front is implicit in his argument, but is subdued in its expression. The expression, instead, is all about structure.
That structure is formally named 'winning in many Indias', or WIMI, and it was rolled out on September 21. In his one year at HUL, which he will complete this October 10, this is Mehta's most significant move.
Previously, HUL made sales via a structure that broke up India into four regions. As part of WIMI, a fifth region has been added. More importantly, sales will now be flanked — and fed — by consumer insights from a parallel geographical structure that carves out India into 14 parts. The philosophy is to change HUL's responsiveness from a place of being largely homogenous (seeing India as a few big markets) to a place that is a lot more heterogeneous (seeing India as a mosaic of markets). The idea is identify sales gaps and market-creation opportunities — of which, Mehta believes there are ample, even for a large company like HUL — and to infuse it with a growth mindset again.
It's the classic HUL leadership template, quips a former senior company official, and every new CEO does this. "Everyone has to justify changes," he says, on the condition of anonymity. "Undeniably this focus will help... but HUL has been around for 70-80 years. What new findings are there that they haven't yet discovered in India?" He believes that no what matter what HUL does, it will struggle to fend off the scatter of regional players.
CK Ranganathan, founder-chairman of CavinKare, a South India-based competitor, is more circumspect in his assessment. "They seem to be focussing in small parts through smaller structures and sharper teams," says Ranganathan, whose company owns brands such as Nyle, Chik and Fairever. "That will help them win in various smaller markets. One of course needs to wait to see how effective that is."
 
The consolidation
Mehta could not wait. He began his homework on India between his appointment as the new HUL chief and his actual move from Dubai, where he was handling 20 emerging markets for parent Unilever as its chairman, North Africa and Middle East. "I had sent a note to my management-committee members, seeking detailed insights and information into their part of the business," he recounts. "And when I moved here, I did the deep-dive sessions and met a large cross-section of people, from managers in my team in groups and individually to consumers for feedback about my business."
When he did move here, the Indian economy was facing economic headwinds. HUL had used price hikes and cost control to not only protect its operating margins, but even grow them. The issue was growth. For the year ended December 2013, its sales grew a lame 8%.
Mehta began incrementally: for example, renovating and innovating in several big brands, including Pond's men range of personal care products, Tresemme hair care and Magnum ice-creams. Meanwhile, economic sentiment improved. At 13%, HUL's revenue growth in the April to June quarter was the its highest in five quarters.

MFs aggressive NFO sales pitch under Sebi radarMFs aggressive NFO sales pitch under Sebi radar
GMR pact for $1.5-billion hydel project in NepalGMR pact for $1.5-billion hydel project in Nepal
Jio in pact with IndusJio in pact with Indus
Ficci team going to Silicon valley ahead of Modi s visitFicci team going to Silicon valley ahead of Modi s visit
Asia Braces For the Worst From China Factory SurveyYou are here: Home Market
Asia Relieved as China Flash PMI Beats Low Expectations
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 09:37 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Sydney: Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday while commodities won a break from recent selling pressure after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0.
The market had been braced for something even worse and the relief helped Chinese stocks move into the black and the Australian dollar blip higher. The Asian giant is Australia's single biggest export market and investors often use the currency as a liquid proxy for China plays.
Annette Beacher, head of Asia-Pacific research at TD Securities, noted the flash PMIs had averaged 50.9 for the third quarter, a pickup over the previous quarter's 49.6.
"After the dismal industrial production print for August, financial markets were increasingly of the view that China is slowing at a more rapid pace than desired, so today's print provides a welcome offset," said Beacher.
The Shanghai Composite Index added 0.6 per cent and the CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings bounced 0.7 per cent.
Australia's main index rallied to be up 0.5 per cent, though the best that MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan could manage was to turn flat. Japanese markets were shut for a holiday.
Hindering sentiment was news the United States and partner nations were carrying out the first air strikes against Islamic State targets in Syria, a far more complicated front in the battle against militants.
Shares had begun badly after Wall Street took a dip overnight. The Dow had ended Monday down 0.62 per cent, while the S&P 500 lost 0.8 percent and the Nasdaq 1.14 per cent.
The drop in the S&P was the biggest one-day decline since early August and was caused in part by a soft reading on US existing home sales which hit shares in building companies.
US dollar in demand
The soggy data gave a fillip to Treasuries, as did comments from New York Federal Reserve bank president William Dudley that there was still excessive slack in the economy so any increase in rates should be done cautiously.
Dudley played down the importance of the various interest rate projections of Fed members released last week which some in the market had taken as a signal of a hawkish turn.
That helped yields on two-year paper ease back to 0.553 per cent and away from a top of 0.597 hit last week.
Yields on 10-year Treasury notes dipped to 2.56 per cent, from 2.59 per cent late Friday.
Dudley also said the steady rise in the dollar could complicate the Fed's job, potentially hurting US economic performance and pushing down inflation.
The currency has been on a tear recently thanks to the diverging outlook for US rates and those in Europe and Japan, where policy is set to remain super-easy and might even be loosened further.
Measured against a basket of currencies the dollar had climbed for 10 weeks straight, the longest streak since the index was created in 1971.
On Tuesday, the dollar was taking a breather at 108.74 yen after peaking at a six-year high of 109.46 last week. The euro was hanging on at $1.2852 having been at its lowest since July last year at $1.2814.
The Australian dollar recouped just a little of its recent losses on the China survey and nudged up to $0.8893.
Likewise, gold inched higher to $1,218.04, having touched its lowest since January at $1,208.36 on Monday.
Brent crude oil for November delivery bounced 32 cents to 97.29 a barrel, having fallen sharply overnight to be uncomfortably close to its recent trough of $96.21. US crude rose 40 cents to $91.27 a barrel.
Ample supply and slowing economic growth in Europe and China had been outweighing expectations of a cut in oil output from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

The U.S. Launched Airstrikes in Syria Against ISIS Targets  Sources Tell NBC Newsthe u.s. launched airstrikes in syria against isis targets  sources tell nbc news
Modi may flag $10 bn problem with Obama | Economic relations in top agendaModi may flag $10 bn problem with Obama | Economic relations in top agenda
Tax doubts dampen hiring by US companiesTax doubts dampen hiring by US companies
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f43c868-3dc1-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NCP exodus continues; minister  legislator join BJPSuryakanta Patil, once considered close to NCP chief Sharad Pawar, had criticised him and given enough hints about her plans to join the BJP (Source: PTI photo)
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 22, 2014 4:07 pm | Updated: September 22, 2014 4:08 pm
In a jolt to NCP, its minister in Maharashtra government Sanjay Savkare and party legislator Kisan Kathore joined BJP here on Monday.
Leader of Opposition in Assembly Eknath Khadse announced that the two were being inducted into the BJP.
“Both the leaders have a strong following in their constituencies and BJP will benefit from it in the October 15 polls,” he said.
Savkare, who represents Bhusawal Assembly seat in north Maharashtra’s Jalgaon district, was Minister of State for Agriculture. Kathore represents Murbad in Thane district.
“I decided to quit NCP because of local issues in my constituency. My supporters were angry over certain things and wanted me to join BJP. I was also noticing that another NCP leader in my region was being promoted by the party leadership and I was being marginalised,” Savkare said.
The two are the latest in a long list of NCP leaders to join BJP in the last few days.
Former NCP leader from Sangli Ajit Ghorpade joined BJP recently in the presence of Union Minister Nitin Gadkari.
Ghorpade may lock horns with state Home Minister R R Patil in the Tasgaon-Kavathemahankal Assembly segment, if fielded by BJP which does not have the seat, as per the old seat-sharing formula with bickering ally Shiv Sena.
In a setback to the NCP, several of its senior leaders, including former Union Minister of State Suryakanta Patil, late S B Chavan’s son-in-law and former MP Bhaskarrao Patil-Khatgaonkar, had joined the BJP in presence of party’s national president Amit Shah here earlier this month.
Apart from Suryakanta Patil and Patil-Khatgaonkar, NCP’s former state minister Babanrao Pachpute and former Chief Minister Ashok Chavan’s rival Madhav Kinhalkar also joined the BJP.
Suryakanta Patil, once considered close to NCP chief Sharad Pawar, had criticised him and given enough hints about her plans to join the BJP, while Patil-Khatgaonkar was upset with the Congress leadership and his brother-in-law Ashok Chavan after not being allowed to contest the recent Lok Sabha polls from Nanded constituency.
Pachpute had a running feud with NCP leader and Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar. Kinhalkar had put Ashok Chavan in the dock by lodging a complaint in the paid news case.

PSU banks need $37bn in fresh capital to meet Basel III: Moody sSep 22, 2014, 05.06 PM IST  | Source: PTI
PSU banks need $37bn in fresh capital to meet Basel III
According to Moody's, low capital levels remain a key credit weakness for the public-sector banks. Fang said weak asset quality has depressed profitability and internal capital generation, leaving public-sector banks reliant on periodic capital injections from the government.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PSU banks need $37bn in fresh capital to meet Basel III
According to Moody's, low capital levels remain a key credit weakness for the public-sector banks. Fang said weak asset quality has depressed profitability and internal capital generation, leaving public-sector banks reliant on periodic capital injections from the government.
Post your opinion here
 
Public sector banks in India will need to raise up to USD 37 billion over the  next 4-5 years to meet Basel III compliance norms, credit rating agency Moody's said today.
The estimate is based on assumptions that there would be a moderate recovery in the economy and a gradual decline in the non-performing loans from the current levels.
"Our rated public-sector banks in the country will need to raise Rs 1.5-2.2 trillion, (USD 26-37 billion) between FY15 and the full implementation of Basel III in FY19," Moody's said in a report titled, 'Indian banks could need USD 26-37 billion in external capital for Basel III compliance'. A significant part of the required capital-- Rs 800-900 billion (USD 13-15 billion) -- could be in the form of additional tier I (AT1) capital. The rating agency rates 11 public sector banks in the country, representing 62 per cent of net loans in the banking system.
Basel III raises the minimum required levels for both total tier I capital to 7 per cent and common equity tier I (CETI) capital to 5.5 per cent. They will also need to meet a capital conservation buffer in order to pay dividends.
"Public sector banks barely meet current minimum capital requirements, and we anticipate that they will find it difficult to raise capital quickly in the current environment," Moody's vice-president Gene Fang said.
According to Moody's, low capital levels remain a key credit weakness for the public-sector banks. Fang said weak asset quality has depressed profitability and internal capital generation, leaving public-sector banks reliant on periodic capital injections from the government.
"With Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration looking to reduce the budget deficit, the amount available for such injections is not likely to grow," he added.
Moody's said banks may tap the equity markets to raise capital, but with still-low bank valuations, banks could struggle to raise the required amount.
RELATED NEWS

Tescos unexpected item in P&L areaTesco’s unexpected item in P&L area
By Jonathan Guthrie
Latest setback should give retailer’s new chief licence to go in hard
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a5166e08-422d-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

This UP village tells girls to skip schoolUP village asks girls to skip school
Recommend
Link
2 months ago, TIMES NOW
Residents of Ghatampur area of Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh issued a bizarre diktat out of fear. Residents refused to send girls to school to protect them from harassment. They feared that the girls may get sexually harassed while on their way to school. Has the Akhilesh government completely failed to protect its people forcing them to take an extreme step?
More on TIMES NOW:

12 killed in landslides  floods in MeghalayaPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 22, 2014 7:01 pm
At least twelve people lost their lives in different district of Meghalaya’s Garo Hills as floods and landslides played havoc following incessant rains in the past 72 hours.
While seven persons including five children were killed in South West Garo Hills district, five others died in North Garo Hills district, official sources said.
“Incessant rains in the past two days have caused serious havoc. While one person was drowned, six others were killed in landslides. Five of those killed in the landslide were children,” said Ram Singh, deputy commissioner of South West Garo Hills district over the telephone.
Five other persons were killed in landslides in Bugakol village in North Garo Hills district. Floods and landslides have affected about 1.50 lakh people in the Garo Hills region in the past two days.
The army was called out to assist the district authorities in the worst-affected North Garo hills district where at least 100 villages have been submerged. Hundreds of villagers have taken shelter in churches and school located on highlands.
Floods have also washed away several vital bridges and roads. In North Garo Hills district, the Soksan bridge that connects Mendipathar to Resubelpara was washed away. In West Garo Hills district on the other hand, the Ringgi bridge connecting the civil sub-division office in Dadenggre was washed away.
In North Garo Hills, the Soksan bridge, which connects Mendipathar to Resubelpara, was washed away. In West Garo Hills, the Ringgi bridge, which connects to civil sub-division office in Dadenggre, was washed away.
The situation turned worse in the plain areas of West Garo Hills where floods have affectd about 1.2 lakh people. The worst-hit villages are under Phulbari area wherethe Brahmaputra and its tributary Jinjiram were flowing above danger level. Embankments have been breached in several places, sources said.

Villages in Bandipora under water  farmers lose livelihoodA Kashmiri flood victim carrying a sack containing relief material walks on a parapet towards village Teing near Srinagar, Sunday, Sept. 14, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
Written by Ruwa Shah | Bandipora | Posted: September 22, 2014 7:22 pm
Fifteen to twenty villages in North Kashmir’s Bandipora district came under water on Wednesday night losing their livelihood for at least three years.
When water levels in Srinagar receded, the Jhelum wrecked its havoc upon the paddy fields and apple orchards that were to be harvested in this month and has affected the livelihood of 2000 families.
Ghulam Rasool, a native of Check-Ganistan in Sumbal is the owner of 300 hectares of land – paddy fields and apple orchards. Rasool has forty members in his family, who are completely dependent on the agricultural land for the bread and butter.
“This was the time we used to collect rice and apples from our field. The color is perfect yellow which means it is ready to harvest but destiny had some other plans for us,” said Rasool. “I don’t know how me and my family is going to survive for the next five years,” he added.
Villages like Ankhola, Check-ganistan, Ganistan, Sumbal, Daehar and villages lying at the border of Wular lake have been drastically affected by the floods.
The entire village comprising of 700 families in Check-ganistan rely on the agriculture. Not a single family holds a business unit or is in proper job in the entire area.
“I did not look for a job, as we had enough land to survive upon. But now it’s gone. Our livelihood is gone,” said Akhtar Ahmad of the area.

Youth slapped with sedition charges for not standing to national anthem  gets bailPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 22, 2014 10:29 pm
Kerala high court on Monday granted bail to a youth, who was arrested and slapped with sedition charge because he did not stand up during the national anthem in a movie theatre.
M Salman, 25, was charged under section 124 A of the IPC (sedition) for allegedly “sitting and hooting” when the national anthem was being played at a movie theatre on August 18. He also faced charges under section 66 A of the IT Act for allegedly posting a derogatory comment about the national flag on Facebook.
Salman was arrested on August 20. Five others were also facing the sedition charge. One of them had obtained anticipatory bail three weeks back.
While granting the bail, single bench of Justice A Hariprasad observed that there was no offence amounting to the security of the nation against the alleged accused. The prosecution has not produced any report showing that Salman was involved in any criminal case.
The court ordered the release of Salman on bail on bond of two sureties of Rs 2 lakh each. He should not intimidate the witnesses or meddle in the investigation. Salman has to appear before the investigating officer twice in a week. He has to surrender his passport, if any, in the magistrate court.
Salman’s arrest on charges of sedition has created an outrage in Kerala from human rights activists. Reacting to the case, CPI (M) general secretary Prakash Karat has demanded that sedition charge (IPC 124 A) should be removed from the Indian Penal Code and the section 66 A of the IT Act be amended to protect the freedom of speech in social media.
In an article in CPI (M) mouthpiece Deshabhimani on Thursday, Karat said as long as section 124 A continues in the Indian Penal Code, it (the sedition charge) would be used for wrong purposes. The IT act should be amended to prevent the suppression of social media and protect the freedom of expression in internet.

BJP scales down its demand for seats in MaharashtraSep 22, 2014 at 10:54pm IST
BJP scales down its demand for seats in Maharashtra
6
0
New Delhi: BJP President Amit Shah on Monday stepped in to try and salvage the alliance with Shiv Sena for Maharashtra assembly elections as the party scaled down on its demand for 135 seats, saying it is prepared for five less and even accept "the worst possible seats".
Shah spoke to Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray and made a "very liberal offer" of accepting 130 of the 288 seats. He also offered to accept the "worst possible seats" which Sena has not won in the last 25 years of their alliance.
"Shah has spoken to Sena chief and that itself indicates that we are very very eager to have the alliance," BJP's General Secretay in charge of Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
"Shah has spoken to Sena chief and that itself indicates that we are very very eager to have the alliance," BJP's General Secretay in charge of Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
#bjp #shiv sena #rajiv pratap rudy #amit shah
"We are very keen that the alliance exists," Rudy told reporters on a day the party blew hot and cold on the alliance and said it is prepared to fight in the all 288 seats if it is "compelled" to break ties with Sena.
Thackeray had made it clear in Mumbai yesterday that his final offer to BJP was 119 seats while Sena will fight 151 seats, leaving 18 for smaller allies.
Rejecting the proposal, Rudy said "it may not be possible" as BJP had contested 119 seats last time as well. "We won't pull the plug. We are hopeful that a solution will be found. The general consensus (in party's Central Election Commission and Parliamentary Board meetings yesterday) was that we want to have an alliance and we should work for the alliance. "It would be very disheartening if we have to break the alliance, so the proposal has been made," he said.
The party has authorised Shah to publish the list of its candidates depending upon the fate of its alliance.
0

Maharashtra: Keen for alliance but if not possible  options open  says Prithiviraj Chavan5
0
New Delhi: As the Congress and NCP bargain hard over seat-sharing for the upcoming Assembly polls in Maharashtra, state Chief Minister Prithiviraj Chavan on Monday said that his party was "keen" for an alliance but is willing to go alone if need be.
Chavan, who was in Delhi meeting Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and other top leaders, said the party is willing to give back the 10 seats that it took from the NCP in 2004.
He made it clear that Congress cannot enter into an alliance which is "not honourable". "Congress is keen for an alliance but if it is not possible, other options are open," Chavan said. Asked if he was confident of striking up an alliance, he said one does not know how things will turn in negotiations.
Chavan, who was in Delhi meeting Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and other top leaders, said the party is willing to give back the 10 seats that it took from the NCP in 2004.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #prithiviraj chavan #congress
"The point is every single party that is going into polls, will have to... if there is no alliance, we will have to go into election (alone). There is no question of being confident or otherwise. We are in for winning and we would like to fight maximum number of seats that situation permits," he said.
Chavan, who is fighting to retain power in the crucial state that has been ruled by the alliance for 15 years, said that both NCP and the Congress cannot enter into an alliance which is not honourable.
"We cannot humiliate each other and expect to work closely with each other. It has to be an alliance which preserves the respect and dignity of each political party," he said.
The Chief Minister said, "We are willing to return the 10 seats that we took back. We are willing to go in the 2004 scenario which was derived from the relative strength of two parties in 1999".
1

Congress down plays CBI decision to question Chidambram in 2G caseSep 22, 2014 at 11:07pm IST
Congress down plays CBI decision to question Chidambram in 2G case
7
0
New Delhi: Congress on Monday sought to downplay the questions about CBI's decision to probe then Finance Minister P Chidambaram's FIPB nod in Aircel-Maxis deal and his wife Nalini's examination by the agency in connection with alleged multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam.
Party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said that as far as Chidambaram was concerned, he does not think that there was any scope for him to add or substract much after Chidambaram's earlier clarification.
Drawing attention to media reports, he said the allegation was a narrow one regarding date of clearance and jurisdiction. Singhvi said that the clarification has come from a large number of officials of that time including the FIPB and very senior officials of Finance Ministry, who said that the value depends on whether you look at the face value or the value of investment.
Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said that the allegation was a narrow one regarding date of clearance and jurisdiction.
#cbi #2g scam #p chidambaram #abhishek singhvi
"It is very clear that if you look at face value it was rightly routed under the transaction of business rules to the then Finance Minister," Singhvi said adding "it will be unfair to fault a person who was following the rules namely the face value as a test then and acted accordingly and now to test him by investment value test which was changed much later.
"This is not me this has come in the public domain. It has come through from senior officials of the Finance Ministry," he said. The CBI has said that it will investigate the circumstances of the FIPB approval given by the then Finance Minister P Chidambaram in the Aircel-Maxis deal in 2006.
Chidambaram, however, has maintained that there was no violation of rules in the grant of FIPB approval to Aircel-Maxis deal in 2006. Reacting to the CBI charge sheet regarding his decision in the Aircel-Maxis case, he said the file regarding the case was put up before him by officials and he approved it "in the normal course".
The AICC briefing also was questions being put to Singhvi regarding CBI examining Chidambaram's wife Nalini, a Supreme Court lawyer, evening in Chennai in connection with the legal fee paid to her by the Saradha group.
"As far as Mrs Chidambram is concerned, this is a matter of fact. I don't think she is neither an accused nor a witness. Somebody in the CBI is alleged to have asked questions. She has given answers to the same and she has told the press also about the same. The rest is between her and the CBI. What is there to say?," Singhvi said.
2

Nagaland CM officially launches pre-oil production operation8
0
Kohima: Nagaland Chief Minister TR Zeliang on Monday official launched Pre-Production on Oil and Natural Gas Operation in Peren district, some 127 km from. The Operation would be carried out by Metropolitan Oil and Gas Pvt Ltd (MOPGL), New Delhi in the three villages of the district - Old Jalukie, Mhai-Dungki and Old Beisumpui.
Addressing the gathering, Zeliang said that it is a red-letter day for the district as it is entering into a new venture. He said that during this 10-years of pre-production period, the Company would conduct all forms of survey to find out the availability of crude oil in the region.
During the period he said that the land owners would be given Rs 10,000 per sq km as land access fees while new agreement between the land owner, government and the company would be signed once presence of crude oil is confirmed.
Addressing the gathering, Zeliang said that it is a red-letter day for the district as it is entering into a new venture.
#nagaland #tr zeliang #mopgl #nagaland petroleum
He asserted that the government or the company would not force any villager to accept the Nagaland Petroleum and Natural Gas Rules 2012, but those accepting it would surely benefit as it is the rule framed by the State Assembly for the betterment of the people of the state.
He also called upon the company to be sincere and transparent, while conducting survey and subsequent exploration of the area for oil. MOPGL Director Sameer Rajpal asserted that the company is committed to conduct the operation sincerely. He also assured that once works commence the company would not only indulge in oil exploration but also take corporate social responsibilities for the development and progress of the area.
Peren is second after Changpang and Tsori oil fields in Wokha district, where after a gap of almost 20 years, Nagaland Chief Minister TR Zeliang officially launched the resumption of oil exploration on July 21.
10

I enjoy listening to pitches for new ideas: Vikas Saxena  Nimbuzz CEOE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Logistics cos like Blue Dart soar high on e-commerce buzzBlue Dart
(On Monday, some of the optimism…)
MUMBAI: The buzzing e-commerce theme has been beyond the reach of most Dalal Street participants. But, a handful of astute investors have found a way to bet on the sector. They are betting big on the logistics sector, which is expected to be a key beneficiary of a possible commerce boom.
Radhakishan, or RK Damani, a widely-followed investor, has been an active buyer in shares of logistics companies such as Gati, Blue Dart and Transport Corporation in the past few months. Damani's continued interest in the sector came under the spotlight recently on market talk that he had mopped up a sizeable amount of Snowman Logistics on its listing day. Dalal Street is agog with speculation that he has been an active buyer of Snowman shares since then.
Snowman shares have gained about 30% since its market debut on September 12. On Monday, some of the optimism surrounding Snowman rubbed off on Gati, Blue Dart and Transport Corporation, which gained 5-7%.
People close to Damani and other analysts said the investor, whom Rakesh Jhunjhunwala considers to be his guru, is betting that the logistics sector will benefit the most from the outsourcing by the growing e-tailers as well as the recovery in India's economy , say analysts. Damani owns the supermarket chain D-Mart.
"RK Damani has created value in a highly competitive retail industry by successfully running the retail chain D-mart. He has a perfect understanding of the stock market as well as the retail and retail-associated business," said a broker, who is familiar with Damani's investment style. "Damani being the shrewd investor is going to garner rich returns over the next 3-5 years from these stocks," he added.
Damani and his investment companies Brightstar Investments and Derive Investments bought 5.77% in Gati, 4.88% in Transport Corporation and 5.35% in Blue Star. Damani's investment in Snowman Logistics is not known so far.
"There are a few reasons why investors are so aggressive on logistics stocks: First, the huge opportunity arising out of the e- commerce boom in the country, second, these stocks are great mediums to play the economic recovery theme and finally introduction of GST which can be a big boost for the logistics industry ," said Vinay Khattar, head of research, Edelweiss Financial Services.
Gati has surged 316% since January to Rs 197. TCI has risen 141% so far this year while other logistics stocks such as Aegis, Sical and Allcargo logistics have gained between 100% and 110%. "Though logistic stocks have run up sharply over the past few months considering the opportunity arising from the e-commerce business, these stock likely to do well in the coming years," said Pankaj Pandey, head of research, ICICI Securities . "We are overweight on most of the logistics stocks."
Introduction of Goods and Services Tax (GST) will also a big positive. "GST would drive consolidation in the logistics industry, promote exports, reduce carrying and forwarding agency costs, impact warehouse and depot fixed and variable costs help slowly eliminate entry tax, octroi, etc," Viral Shah, analyst, SBI Capital .
FEATURED ARTICLES

NYMEX crude oil down in Asia ahead of HSBC China flash PMI surveySep 23, 2014, 03.54 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
NYMEX crude oil down in Asia ahead of HSBC China flash PMI survey
NYMEX crude oil down in Asia ahead of HSBC China flash PMI survey
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NYMEX crude oil down in Asia ahead of HSBC China flash PMI survey
NYMEX crude oil down in Asia ahead of HSBC China flash PMI survey
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Crude oil prices dipped early in Asia on Tuesday ahead of industry data on U.S. stocks from the American Petroleum Institute and HSBC's China PMI flash survey for September.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, West Texas Intermediate crude oil for delivery in November traded at $90.80, down 0.04%, after hitting an overnight session low of $90.426 a barrel and a high of $91.92 a barrel.
In China, the flash HSBC manufacturing PMI is due for September with a reading of a borderline between expansion and contraction of 50 expected, down from last month's final of 50.2, a three-month low.
The API data later Tuesday comes ahead of the more closely watched stocks data from the Department of Energy on Wednesday.
Overnight, disappointing U.S. housing data coupled with ongoing concerns that the global economy is awash in crude while demand remains soft sent oil futures falling on Monday.
The National Association of Realtors reported earlier that existing home sales in the U.S. unexpectedly fell 1.8% to an annual unit rate of 5.05 million in August.
Analysts had expected existing home sales to rise 1% to 5.20 million units, and the figures sent oil prices falling on fears that U.S. recovery continues to face headwinds and may consume less fuel and energy than once thought.
Concerns that global oil supply is outstripping demand also battered crude futures.
While the U.S. economy is gaining steam despite hiccups here and there, Europe and China are still battling potholes, which has taken its toll on energy markets.
European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said earlier that economic activity in the euro area has slowed and added he saw risks of a further downturn.
The global Brent oil benchmark fell 1.4% to $96.97 a barrel on Monday.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Gold prices higher to steady in Asia ahead of HSBC China PMISep 23, 2014, 03.49 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Gold prices higher to steady in Asia ahead of HSBC China PMI
Gold prices higher to steady in Asia ahead of HSBC China PMI
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold prices higher to steady in Asia ahead of HSBC China PMI
Gold prices higher to steady in Asia ahead of HSBC China PMI
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Gold prices were higher to steady in early Asia on Tuesday with the focus on HSBC's China flash PMI figures for September.
On the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, gold futures for December delivery traded at $1,216.90 a troy ouce, up 0.08%, after hitting an overnight session low of $1,208.90 and off a high of $1,221.00.
In China, the flash HSBC manufacturing PMI is due for September with a reading of a borderline between expansion and contraction of 50 expected, down from last month's final of 50.2, a three-month low.
Overnight, gold futures posted modest gains on Monday after disappointing U.S. housing data.
The National Association of Realtors reported that existing home sales unexpectedly fell 1.8% to an annual unit rate of 5.05 million in August.
Analysts had expected existing home sales to rise 1% to 5.20 million units, and the numbers weakened the greenback slightly and gave gold room to rise.
The dollar has advanced in recent weeks as markets prepare for U.S. monetary policy to grow less accommodative going forward, while Europe and Japan are seen taking steps to loosen policy to stimulate their economies.
Earlier Monday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi economic activity in the euro area has slowed and added he saw a risk of a further downturn, though the dollar still remained soft on sentiments the U.S. currency was due for a breather.
Silver for December delivery was down 0.04% at $17.760 a troy ounce. Copper futures for December delivery fell 0.04% at $3.042 a pound.
Copper will likely move on the HSBC data as China is the world's top importer of the metal.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

PRECIOUS-Gold struggles near January lows as fund outflows continuePRECIOUS-Gold struggles near January lows as fund outflows continue
First figure out your goals  risk toleranceFirst figure out your goals  risk tolerance
Accused White House Fence Jumper Had Arrest RecordAccused White House Fence Jumper Had Arrest Record
Kurds  Islamic State Fight for Control of Syrian CityKurds  Islamic State Fight for Control of Syrian City
How Marina Silva has set Brazils election on fireLike Lula, Marina Silva can refresh Brazil’s tired politics
By Misha Glenny
How Marina Silva has set Brazil’s election on fire, writes Misha Glenny
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e929176e-3f5b-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SABMiller slips as bid speculation soursSABMiller slips as bid speculation sours
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f5415026-4275-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Find out who wins Godrej LOUD FinaleSep 23, 2014, 07.25 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Find out who wins Godrej LOUD Finale
After travelling across 12 of India's finest business schools, the journey of Godrej LOUD 2014 has reached its finale. Find out whose fantasies will take flight and who will win the chance to live out their dream.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Find out who wins Godrej LOUD Finale
After travelling across 12 of India's finest business schools, the journey of Godrej LOUD 2014 has reached its finale. Find out whose fantasies will take flight and who will win the chance to live out their dream.
Post your opinion here

Indices take a breather...Nifty sustains above 8100Indices take a breather...Nifty sustains above 8100
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 19, 2014 16:19 IST
Finally, the Sensex closed at 27,090, down 22 points, while NSE Nifty closed at 8,121, up 7 points.
 
 
After enjoying a splendid rise on Thursday, the market surged higher in early trades. However, just when it seemed indices would break into a new zone, profit booking dragging the market to close at a days low. 
 
Barring the IT, telecom and select pharma indices, all the other sectoral indices ended with losses. Among the major losers were the oil & gas, capital goods, realty, metals and auto index.
 
However, the mid-cap and the small-cap indices managed to edge higher.
 
The pharma stocks were in action. Commenting on the same, Amar Ambani, Head of Research at IIFL said, National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority has brought prices of 43 essential medicines to treat diseases like TB or heart ailments under a control regime which would impact a host of domestic as well as MNC drug companies; the price cap notwithstanding, we remain positive on pharma sector.
 
Finally, the Sensex closed at 27,090, down 22 points, while NSE Nifty closed at 8,121, up 7 points.
 
ZEE, TCS, HCL Technologies, Grasim, Lupin and Tech Mahindra were among the gainers on NSE, whereas Jindal Steel, L&T, SBI, DLF, PNB, HUL and ONGC were among the losers today.
 
The INDIA VIX was down 3.54% at 11.88. It hit a high of 12.4 and a low of 11.38.
 
Meanwhile, the rupee was up 0.06% at 60.86 against the US dollar.
 
Stock News
 
Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank (KMB) has executed definitive agreement to acquire the domestic schemes of PineBridge Mutual Fund (PBI MF), subject to regulatory approvals. The scrip closed up 0.64% on NSE.
 
BHEL  achieved a turnover of Rs.40,338 crore and a net profit of Rs.3,461 crore during 2013-14. The scrip closed down 0.46% on NSE.
 
Hero Motocorp weakened after a good run on Thursday. Television reports attributed the reason to expectations of some PE funds selling their stake in the company. The company, has reportedly refused to comment on any speculations. The scrip closed down 1.09% on NSE.
 
Gujarat Pipavav Port's long term credit rating has been Upgraded to CRISIL AA- with Stable Outlook (from CRISIL A+ with Stable outlook) and the short term rating is reaffirmed at CRISIL A1+. The stock gained by 3.16% on NSE.

The Week That Was - September 15 to 19  2014The Week That Was - September 15 to 19, 2014
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 19, 2014 20:44 IST
After a knee-jerk reaction mid-week, the market was back to its winning ways. Index managed to regain control above 8100 on back of gains in IT and auto space.
 
Sensex, Nifty up for sixth consecutive week
After a knee-jerk reaction mid-week, the market was back to its winning ways. Index managed to regain control above 8100 on back of gains in IT and auto space. Pullback was aided by rise in global markets. The Fed as expected maintained that a key interest rate will stay near zero for a considerable time after its bond purchases end in October provided labour market shows improvement. A significant amount of slack remains in the US labor market, the Fed stated a further sign it is in no rush to raise benchmark borrowing costs.
With RBI firmly focused on achieving its lower CPI targets, it would be unwilling to reduce rate in the upcoming policy despite the weaker-than-expected July IIP and WPI moderating to 5-year low of 3.7% in August. One can hope for a rate cut only in early 2015 by when inflation expectations are likely to be tamed by sustained gradual decline in oil and food prices.
Optimism over Indias strong trade ties with China, and commitment of investments worth $20bn in India over the next five years along with short-covering by traders aided the recovery. With major events out of the way, the coming week will see rejigs in portfolios. Trend in investment activity of FIIs and movement in global markets will determine the near term trend on the domestic bourses.
WPI falls to 5-year low of 3.74%
The WPI inflation for the month of August stood at 3.74% as against 5.19% in July. The primary articles inflation was at 3.89% in August as compared to 6.78% in July. During the period under review, the fuel & power inflation stood at 4.54% as against 7.4% in July.
India's August trade deficit dips to $10.84 bn
EXPORTS (including re-exports)
Exports during August, 2014 were valued at US $ 26958.22 mn (Rs.164162.61 crore) which was 2.35 per cent higher in Dollar terms (1.39 per cent lower in Rupee terms) than the level of US $ 26337.98 million (Rs. 166479.20 crore) during August, 2013. Cumulative value of exports for the period April-August 2014-15 was US $ 134798.12 million (Rs 809619.58 crore) as against US $ 125618.95 million (Rs 731510.66 crore) registering a growth of 7.31 per cent in Dollar terms and growth of 10.68 per cent in Rupee terms over the same period last year.
IMPORTS
Imports during August, 2014 were valued at US $ 37796.82 million (Rs.230164.50 crore) representing a growth of 2.08 per cent in Dollar terms and a negative growth of 1.65 per cent in Rupee terms over the level of imports valued at US $ 37026.02 million (Rs. 234037.05 crore) in August, 2013. Cumulative value of imports for the period April-August 2014-15 was US $ 190949.28 million (Rs 1146830.53 crore) as against US $ 196221.08 million (Rs 1137358.03 crore) registering a negative growth of 2.69 per cent in Dollar terms and growth of 0.83 per cent in Rupee terms over the same period last year.
CRUDE OIL AND NON-OIL IMPORTS:
Oil imports during August, 2014 were valued at US $ 12839.1 million which was 14.97 per cent lower than oil imports valued at US $ 15099.4 million in the corresponding period last year. Oil imports during April-August, 2014-15 were valued at US $ 67979.4 million which was 1.77 per cent higher than the oil imports of US $ 66799.5 million in the corresponding period last year.
Non-oil imports during August, 2014 were estimated at US $ 24957.7 million which was 13.82 per cent higher than non-oil imports of US $ 21926.6 million in August, 2013. Non-oil imports during April-August, 2014-15 were valued at US $ 122969.9 million which was 4.99 per cent lower than the level of such imports valued at US $ 129421.6 million in April-August, 2013-14.
TRADE BALANCE
The trade deficit for April-August, 2014-15 was estimated at US $ 56151.16 million which was lower than the deficit of US $ 70602.13 million during April-August, 2013-14.
Bypoll Elections: Congress wins 3 seats, BJP 1 in Rajasthan
The BJP has won Maninagar seat in Ahmedabad, Gujarat vacated by Narendra Modi. TDP candidate T Sowmya has won Nan Nandigama (SC) Assembly bypoll in Andhra Pradesh, according a newswire report. Counting of votes is underway in three Lok Sabha (in Vadodara, Gujarat; Mainpuri, Uttar Pradesh; and Medak, Telangana) and 33 Assembly seats across 10 states where bypolls were held last week.
The Opposition party Congress has won two seats Deesa and Mangrol in Gujarat. Congress candidate Babu Vaja wins Mangrol's seat and Rabari Govabhai wins from Deesa seat. Congress also leads by a close margin in two other seats, Talaja and Matar in Gujarat. CPI-M candidate has won Assembly bypoll in Tripura.
Govt would contribute to going back to a +7% growth within two to three years: Mayaram
Following is the text of the intervention made by Dr Arvind Mayaram, Finance Secretary during the G-20 Deputies Meeting on the session Global Economy raising India`s concerns in Cairns, Australia today:
The policies pursued by the Emerging Market Economies to bring growth back have been effective. In India, the Government announced a slew of policy reforms and Budget reflected this in full measure. From 4.7% growth in last fiscal, the Indian economy grew by 5.7% in Q1 of the current Financial Year 2014-15. Business confidence is back and even though still tentative, growth in industrial sector, specially manufacturing, is showing an uptick. We are confident that by pursuing growth inducing policies, the Government would contribute fully to going back to a +7% growth within two to three years. To that extent, India stands committed to the incremental 2% growth in the global GDP.
However, while it would be imperative for the Emerging Market Economies including India to continue the path of structural reforms, the uncertainty and volatility in external environment is worrisome and needs the attention of the G20. As the US Fed withdraws from unconventional monetary policy, there will be an overhang on asset prices in the Emerging Markets and therefore, volatility in the currency markets. The decision on the exit from the QE programme that came in after the FOMC meeting yesterday had an impact on the currency markets of many of the emerging market economies. The strength of G20 lies in taking international collaborative actions and not limiting to the individual country growth strategies. This concern was also raised by Mexico.
Just as we are discussing domestic policies and actions, we should also be discussing G20 driven collaborative solutions which would reduce the impact of the possible near term repricing. While countries would have to take actions commensurate with the space available to them, as IMF has themselves noted, macro prudential policies would be ineffective during downswings and in many of the countries, the asset repricing would result in pressure on their currencies, leading to a spiral of tightening and derailing of all well laid growth strategy road maps. So in order to ensure that the growth outcomes are still achieved, are there solutions that G20 can explore? Are swap lines a solution? Let us get the IMF to analyse whether it is so. They are good at scenario analysis, so if an analysis can be made on loss of GDP in the face of exogenous shocks, but with swaps in place and in the absence of swaps, it would be useful. The IMF can also be asked to look at the cost of the swap and compare those to the benefits. It is possible that the swap facility may never be used as it more of a confidence building measure, rather than actual ammunition. The benefits to the global financial system could potentially be large as it would reduce the amount of self-insurance that countries need to do. At the same time, if the swap facilities do get used, the benefits would include a reduction in the negative shock to EM and global GDP.
Diesel to go into over-recovery of 35 paise/litre
Announcing the product-wise under-recovery of state-run oil marketing companies, the petroleum ministry said that diesel in the second fortnight of the month effective September 16 will go into "over-recovery" of 35 paise a litre.
"In the case of PDS kerosene and domestic LPG (cooking gas), the under-recoveries for the second fortnight of September 2014 will continue to be (as in the previous fortnight) Rs.32.67 per litre and Rs.427.82 per cylinder, respectively," the petroleum ministry said.
"Oil marketing companies, effective Sep 16, 2014, are now incurring combined daily under-recovery of Rs.190 crore on the sale of diesel, PDS kerosene and domestic LPG," a statement said. This is lower than Rs.195 crore daily under-recoveries during the previous fortnight.
Click below for the India Infoline Weekly Newsletter:

Turkish hostage release raises questionsSeptember 21, 2014 9:02 pm
Questions remain about release of Turkish hostages
By Piotr Zalewski in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aab132c6-4197-11e4-a7b3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesco Cuts Profit Outlook  Suspends StaffYou are here: Home Corporates
Tesco Cuts Profit Outlook, Suspends Staff After Accounting Error
Reuters | Updated On: September 22, 2014 15:34 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
London: Tesco cut its profit forecast for the third time this year on Monday after finding a fault in its accounts, the latest blow of several to the reputation of Britain's biggest grocer.
Shares in the company dropped 12 per cent in early trade after it cut its first-half profit outlook by 250 million pounds ($408.50 million; 1 dollar = 0.6120 pound) and said its previous profit warning of August 29 had overstated expecting first half profit by 23 per cent.
Tesco said the error - caused by an early booking of revenue and delayed recognition of costs - had been discovered during preparation for its forthcoming interim results.
Their publication has now been pushed back from October 1 to October 23 by the firm's new chief executive Dave Lewis, who said on Monday that an "informed employee" had notified him of the accounting issue on Friday.
Tesco said four of its employees had been placed on leave while investigations continue, and the BBC and Sky News reported that Chris Bush, the managing director of Tesco's UK business, was one of the four.
Tesco declined to comment on this but said Robin Terrell, the firm's multi-channel director, had stepped in to run the UK business.
"We have uncovered a serious issue and have responded accordingly. The chairman and I have acted quickly to establish a comprehensive independent investigation," Mr Lewis said.
"The board, my colleagues, our customers and I expect Tesco to operate with integrity and transparency and we will take decisive action as the results of the investigation become clear."
Shore Capital analyst Clive Black said he was "flabbergasted" by the latest development and was reviewing his current recommendation to hold the company's shares.
Tesco said it was working to establish the extent of the issues and the impact they might have on its full-year profit.
It has appointed a new tax adviser Deloitte to undertake an independent and comprehensive review of the issues, working closely with Freshfields, its external legal advisers. Tesco's current auditor PwC, which has worked for it since 1983, declined to comment.
The grocer said last month it expected trading profit for the six months ending August 23 to be in the region of 1.1 billion pounds.
Under its previous chief executive Phil Clarke, Tesco issued three profit warnings in two and a half years as it lost UK market share to fast-growing German discounters Aldi and Lidl as well as upmarket rivals Waitrose and Marks & Spencer.
'Fundamental questions'
Tesco explained in a statement on Monday that it had got its numbers wrong by overstating income and understating costs.
"Tesco has identified an overstatement of its expected profit for the half year, principally due to the accelerated recognition of commercial income and delayed accrual of costs," it announced, adding some of the impact included "in-year timing differences".
Accrual accounting requires that a company record its payments as soon as it places an order with its suppliers rather than when it subsequently pays for it.
"Such an announcement is not the stuff of a well operated FTSE-100 organisation," Shore Capital's Mr Black said.
"This development may raise, indeed must raise, much more fundamental questions over the chairman's (Richard Broadbent) position and the nature, composition and extent of the board."
Bernstein analyst Bruno Monteyne said the bringing in of Freshfields "implies there is potential foul play, beyond simple account stretching".
Mr Lewis, who succeeded the ousted Phil Clarke on September 1, is currently the firm's only executive director.
Alan Stewart was named as Tesco's new chief financial officer on July 10 but does not start until December 1.
With a market valuation of 18.8 billion pounds and over 500,000 employees, Tesco had been the darling of the sector during two decades of uninterrupted earnings growth. Since the profit warnings and loss of market shares its share price had fallen to decade-lows.
By 0834 GMT (2:04 p.m. in India) on Monday, the stock was down 8.5 per cent at 209.8 pence.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Xi s visit removed  some suspicions   pushed ties to  new age : China"We can say President Xi's visit to India has removed some of the suspicions of two countries and pushed bilateral relations to a new age," Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Hua Chunying said.
PTI | Beijing | Posted: September 22, 2014 3:56 pm | Updated: September 22, 2014 3:57 pm
China on Monday said President Xi Jinping’s visit to India removed “some suspicions” between the two countries, pushed the ties to a “new age” and during talks an “important consensus” was reached on politically resolving the border issue through friendly coordination.
“We can say President Xi’s visit to India has removed some of the suspicions of two countries and pushed bilateral relations to a new age,” Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Hua Chunying told a media briefing here.
Her remarks came in reply to a question on the continued border standoff in Chumar area of Ladakh region between the troops of two sides and the likely negative impact of it on the just-concluded visit of Xi.
“As for the border issue, you mentioned whether it will influence President Xi’s visit, I want to say that this is totally unnecessary suspicion because two leaders have reached important consensus on politically resolving the border issue through friendly coordination,” Hua said.
Also, “we have an effective mechanism for the border issue. Through effective communication we can resolve and control some disputes,” she said.
“So, we believe China and India have sufficient capacity and confidence to maintain peace and tranquility of boundary areas and we are confident in this and we believe that this is very important for the sound development of Sino-India relations as well as of the whole region,” Hua said.
“Pending final settlement, peace and stability on border should be maintained,” she said.
Talking about Xi’s three-day visit to India last week, Hua said the Chinese President has concluded a successful state visit to India and was warmly welcomed by the Indian people and government.
“During his visit, leaders of two countries stressed the importance and global influence of Sino-India relations. They agreed to carry forward friendship between two countries so that cooperation remains the main theme of bilateral relations,” she said.
Hua recalled Xi’s speech during the India visit in which he said “Chinese dragon” and “Indian elephant” live in harmony and can make inclusive development which will bring benefits to the whole world.
Asked about the cancellation of the visit of a Chinese media delegation to India, Hua said she was not aware of the specifics.
“But as far as I am concerned I believe that close communication between Chinese and Indian media is conducive to strengthening communication between two countries, cementing and developing public foundation of bilateral relations,” Hua said.
“I would like to make further check but I hope that the two countries can maintain exchanges at the media level so as to play an important role in improving bilateral relations,” she said.

PLA ordered to follow Xi s orders  respect chain of commandprint
The People’s Liberation Army (PLA) should be combat ready for a regional war, President Xi Jinping has said, adding that the armed forces’ chain of command should strictly follow the central leadership’s instructions.
Addressing a closed door meeting with top PLA officers on Sunday, Xi said the armed forces should have complete faith and loyalty to the ruling Communist Party of China (CPC) leadership.
Following the meeting, the Chinese defence ministry issued a statement on Monday, stating that the PLA must follow orders issued by President Xi.
Besides being the President and the head of the Communist Party of China (CPC), Xi also heads the powerful Central Military Commission (CMC), which oversees China’s vast armed forces, the largest in the world.
“All PLA forces should follow the instructions of President Xi and update their operations to meet new goals and missions set by the CMC,” the defence ministry statement said.
It was not the first time that Xi has urged the PLA to be ready for a “regional war”, but the statement assumes significance as he said it again days after incursions by the Chinese army cast a long shadow over his three-day India visit.
In the order of things, the PLA is expected to always follow the lead from the civilian government. But Monday’s statement reiterating that fact could trigger speculation among strategists whether the chain of command leading up to Xi was, in fact, working smoothly or not.
 “Headquarters of PLA forces must have absolute loyalty and firm faith in the CPC, guarantee a smooth chain of command and make sure all decisions from the central leadership are fully implemented,” Xi was quoted as telling the officers in the meeting.
Xi then urged them to be combat ready for a “regional war”.
“Headquarters of all PLA forces should improve their combat readiness and sharpen their ability to win a regional war in the age of information technology,” he said.
Official news agency, Xinhua, quoted him as saying that the PLA should “strictly discipline themselves and the armies as well as contribute to the reform of national defence”.
The PLA chiefs of staff met in Beijing on Sunday to discuss how to improve “the efficiency of military command under new circumstances”.
Military commanders should have a better understanding of international and domestic security situations as well as the latest military development, Xi said. Meanwhile, the foreign ministry on Monday continued to play down the PLA incursion into Ladakh.
“We can say that President Xi’s visit to India has removed some of the suspicions of the two countries and pushed bilateral relations to a new age,” spokesperson, Hua Chunying said.
 “As for border issue, and whether it will influence President Xi’s visit, I want to say that this is totally unnecessary suspicion because two leaders have reached important consensus on politically resolving the border issue through a friendly mechanism. We have an effective mechanism for the border issue…and through effective communication can resolve and control disputes.”
She declined to comment on the decision by the Indian government to withdraw clearances for senior Chinese journalists who were heading to New Delhi to attend a media exchange programme.

Markets register modest gains amid cautious tradeMarkets register modest gains amid cautious trade
Reuters |  Sep 22, 2014 10:30 PM IST
The Nifty rose modestly on Monday to notch its fourth consecutive session of gains, led by blue-chips that have under-performed recently such as Tata Motors and Oil and Natural Gas Corp, although the mood was broadly cautious.
Shares could be vulnerable ahead of the expiry of monthly derivatives contract on Thursday, while Asian shares skidded as investors awaited the preliminary reading of a private survey of manufacturing in China due on Tuesday.
Investors are also expected to remain cautious ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review on September 30. Although the central bank is widely expected to keep interest rates unchanged, markets will focus on the tone of its statement.
"We are in a bull market and buyers are still emerging on every levels. However, you have to remain cautious about valuation and the risk, as markets are near record highs," said Daljeet S Kohli, head of research at IndiaNivesh.
The benchmark BSE Sensex closed up 116.32 points, or 0.43 per cent, at 27,206.74, after ending down 0.08 per cent on Friday.
The broader Nifty ended 24.85 points higher at 8,146.30.
Recent under-performers led the gains, with Tata Motors jumping as much as 4.1 per cent to a record high of Rs 542.50. Shares in the automaker were down 1.2 per cent so far this month as of Friday's close, compared with a 2.1 per cent gain in the Nifty.
Oil and Natural Gas Corp added 3.74 per cent after falling 11.24 per cent in the past two weeks.

Isro successfully test-fires Mangalyaan engine  all set for Mars nowSet for date with Mars, Mangalyaan in 'good health'
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 22, 2014
First Published: 15:50 IST(22/9/2014) | Last Updated: 05:26 IST(24/9/2014)
Indian scientists on Monday successfully tested the main engine of the country’s Mars mission spacecraft and completed a course correction that put the probe on track to enter the red planet’s orbit on September 24.
 
If successful, India will become the first country to make it to Mars in its maiden attempt, propelling it to an elite club of space race leaders. Only the US, Europe and Russia have so far sent probes that have successfully orbited or landed on the planet.
“We had a perfect burn for four seconds as programmed. The trajectory has been corrected. MOM (Mars Orbiter Mission) will now go for the nominal plan for Mars Orbit Insertion,” the Indian Space Research Organisation’s Facebook page said.
 
The liquid engine, which was dormant for 300 days, will be used with eight small thrusters during orbit entry by the spacecraft in India’s first interplanetary mission.
 
“The spacecraft is in good health. Mission controllers are going through the final round of the sequence of operations,” ISRO chairman K Radhakrishnan told HT, adding that there was a lot more to do.
Source of graphics: Isro
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be at Isro’s command centre in Bengaluru at 7.30am on September 24 to witness the mission’s last phase after the probe broke into Mars’ sphere of influence on Monday.
Read: PM to witness Mars Orbiter Insertion at ISRO facility
 
The Mangalyaan, as the spacecraft is popularly known, aims to study Mars' surface and mineral composition, and search its atmosphere for methane, a chemical strongly tied to life on earth.
Video: Mangalyaan’s real test on Sept 24: Former scientist Biman Basu?
India’s Rs. 450-crore expedition cost about a tenth of Nasa’s Mars mission Maven that entered the red planet’s orbit on Wednesday. Modi hailed the project’s low price tag in June, saying it was less than the budget of the Hollywood space movie Gravity.
 
“I hope India will consider international participation in any future missions to Mars as this mission will clearly demonstrate its capability to successfully deliver a payload to Mars and many countries would be pleased to collaborate with India,” said Mark Sims, professor of astrobiology and space instrumentation at the UK’s University of Leicester.
 
The 680-million-kilometre journey to Mars that began on November 5 last year has had its share of adventures and feats —five orbit-raising manoeuvres including a small glitch in the fourth such operation that was fixed.
 
Probes to Mars have a high failure rate and a success will boost India’s space exploration programme, especially after a similar mission by China failed to leave earth’s orbit in 2011.
 

Abhinav Bindra announces retirement on TwitterEYE BROWSE
Abhinav Bindra announces retirement on Twitter
The shooter became the first Indian to win an individual Olympic gold medal with his victory in the 10-meter air rifle title at Beijing in 2008.
Yahoo India –  Mon 22 Sep, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: India's only individual Olympic gold medalist Abhinav Bindra on Monday announced that Tuesday will be his last day as a professional shooter. This will be his last Asian Games.
Bindra tweeted that day four of the ongoing Asian Games will be his last day of his career. He will, however, continue training as a hobby shooter.
Tomorrow will mark the end of my professional shooting life ! I will however still shoot , compete as a hobby shooter training twice a week.
— Abhinav Bindra (@Abhinav_Bindra) September 22, 2014
And yes I will still try to be at rio and my bio is now most appropriate ! Great times and am sure there will be a few more !
— Abhinav Bindra (@Abhinav_Bindra) September 22, 2014
Bindra became the first Indian to win an individual Olympic gold medal with his victory in the 10-meter air rifle title at Beijing in 2008. It was India's first Olympic gold medal since the field hockey team last won in 1980, and made him an instant sporting hero in the country of 1.2 billion.
 
He announced earlier this year that the recently completed Commonwealth Games in Glasgow would be his last. And he capped that competition with a gold medal.
 
Bindra finished the last Asian Games with a silver medal in the team event, after missing the 2006 Asiad in Doha, Qatar due to injury. The 2014 edition starts next week in Incheon, South Korea.
 
A focused man who is known to neither get swayed by adulation nor disappointed by below-par performances, Bindra has been one of India's top marksmen for about 15 years. He has experienced the highs of the Olympics - he made his debut at the Sydney 2000 Games at age 17 - but also encountered tougher times, too.
 
"There were times when my life was full of frustrations and nervousness and I even thought of giving up the sport many times," the 31-year-old Bindra said earlier this year. "But the support of my parents, willpower and determination helped me to pull out from the heat of those moments."
 
He was upstaged by a compatriot at London 2012, when Gagan Narang won the bronze. Narang had also beaten Bindra for the individual gold at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi.
 
"Life is full of ups and downs, so one should focus on hard work and enjoy the journey rather than the final outcome or the medal," he said, reflecting on the rigorous practice he'd done since the age of 13. "It is a never-ending hunger for achieving more and more every time that makes you a winner."
 
Bindra says he has been able to achieve despite the Indian sports system.
 
He came from a wealthy family in Chandigarh, and was able to map out his own competition and training schedules without waiting for government sanctions. He also had the benefit of a shooting range at home, but he attributes his determination with putting him on the road to success.
 
"I was most impressed by his truthfulness and eagerness, always wanting to learn," says mental trainer Amit Bhattacharjee, who helped convince Bindra not to quit after the 2004 Athens Olympics where he led going into the final but placed seventh.
 
Expectations on Bindra are high in Incheon but the Chinese pair of Wang Tao and Zhu Qinan and Kim Jong-Hyun of South Korea will pose a challenge at the Ongnyeon International Shooting Range.
 
Add to that the failure of grabbing an Olympic quota place at the recent World Championships in Granada, Spain, and Bindra knows it will take something extra special to come home with a gold medal.
 
Bindra knows the situation well and tweeted after his failure to make the final at Granada: "air rifle event is a young person's sport now so oldies like me have to compensate, get better, strive harder to catch up with the youngsters." (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Land conundrum and the hunger gamesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

French tourist kidnapped by Isis-linked groupFrench tourist kidnapped in Algeria by group linked to Isis
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/36102a4c-4293-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazons hiring strategy may soon go globalAmazon
(Through BOLD, Pathways,…)
MUMBAI: Amazon's 'made-for-India' hiring strategy may soon go global. The e-commerce giant is exploring the idea of rolling out Building Operations Leadership (BOLD), its MBA hiring programme unique to India, to other countries as well. "BOLD was launched specifically for India in 2011. Now we have been talking about introducing it in other markets as well," Raj Raghavan , director, HR, Amazon India, told ET. He declined to comment on the other markets under consideration. Where BOLD differs from Pathways - Amazon's global flagship leadership development programme - is that it takes in students with around two to four years of pre-MBA work experience, whereas for Pathways, the average prior work experience required is 7.5 years in opera
"We realised that India was a very different market from the US, where a majority of the students finish their undergraduate programme and work for several years before doing their MBA. In India, from an overall standpoint, there wasn't a big enough MBA student pool with enough experience and we didn't want to disadvantage ourselves. Hence, BOLD," explained Raghavan. Both BOLD and Pathways hire for the operations function that is key to Amazon's success. "The backbone of Amazon is its operational excellence. Because they are so efficient, they can execute faster and keep costs down. Most of the headcount always comes from operations," says Ashish Jhalani, founder of eTailingindia, a research firm that tracks the e-commerce industry.
BOLD, a rotational programme, was launched with the intent to build a pipeline of strong operations managers for tech and non-tech teams in India. This is a structured MBA leadership programme that hones the participants' functional and leadership skills through onthe-job learning.
Pathways aims at developing a pipeline of experienced leaders who are capable of taking on general manager and senior leader positions in operations. Pathways participants are hired for their deep analytical skill set and are expected to develop leadership skills through on-the-job work, business critical assignments and 'crucible' experiences.
Through BOLD, Pathways, as well as direct recruiting of experienced students, Amazon has emerged as one of the most prominent recruiters across campuses. Earlier this year, it made a debut into ET's top recruiters at B-schools list with around 50 hires across top management institutes including IIMs Ahmedabad, Bangalore and Calcutta and SP Jain Institute of Management and Research. It is believed to have hired around 45 students from the executive programme at ISB as well, says a source.
"Our campus hiring will run into several hundreds this year," says Raghavan. That includes MBAs, tech talent (primarily in software development engineer roles) from IITs and NITs as well as interns.
While the company declined to reveal specific numbers, there was an average increase of about 45% to 50% in the B-school student intake in 2013-14 as compared to 2012-13. A similar increase is expected this year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Watch John Oliver explain why we need feminism  in one sentence about Miss AmericaThe outfit is chosen to enhance the woman's intelligence. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
SHARE
Annalisa Merelli @missanabeem
September 22, 2014
Beauty pageants are mostly about female objectification, and Miss America is no exception. John Oliver’s Last Week Tonight reminded viewers that the show started by evaluating contestants based on a body breakdown:
“5 points for the construction of the head, 5 points for the limbs, 3 points for the torso…”
For all the Miss America organization’s claim to be about “ Style, Service, Scholarship and Success since 1921,” it’s hard to see what service is performed when pretty women (unmarried, with no history of pregnancy) display their bikini-clad bodies in front of a jury.
To support their claim to be selecting “role models” not purely based on their appearance, Miss America quizzes the contestants on current affairs, giving each a whole 20 seconds to reply. This inevitably generates a wealth of viral videos of contestants’ dumb replies, which only strengthen stereotypes. As Oliver asks:
“It is easy to make fun of beauty pageant contestants, but which is really crazier: that they sometimes give stupid answers, or that they are almost always asked ridiculously complex questions?”
Miss America also prides itself in being the “world’s largest provider of scholarships for women,” claiming to make $45 million available for scholarships to the pageant’s contestants. That turns out to be only virtually true: in theory, all the money is made available, but in reality Miss America ends up spending only about a tenth of the sum in scholarships.
What’s especially troubling is that the organization is indeed the biggest provider of scholarships in the US exclusively for women. Not only is the sum itself abysmally low, it is distributed among women chosen first for their looks.
Oliver sums it up in one sentence, which, in the wake of Emma Watson’s excellent speech at the UN, perfectly explains why, in 2014, we still very much need feminism.
“Currently, the biggest scholarship program exclusively for women in America requires you to be unmarried, with a mint condition uterus, and also rewards working knowledge of butt adhesive technology.”
Correction: a previous version of the article stated that Miss America claims they have $450 million available for scholarships. The sum they advertise is $45 million.
Share this:

US drug lobby awaits Prime Minister Narendra Modi s visit to fix IPR  clinical research issuesUS drug lobby awaits Prime Minister Narendra Modi s visit to fix IPR  clinical research issues
Precious commodity: From energy to paint  stocks to gain from fall inpricesPrint
Mumbai | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:30 am
With prices of certain commodities at multi-year lows, brokerages are recommending commodiy-linked stocks to their clients to cash in on this trend. Energy and consumer stocks could benefit from dip in prices of crude oil, analysts say.
“Softer prices of agricultural products and oil derivatives, which serve as raw materials for consumer companies, will result in an improvement in gross margins of consumer staples companies. For energy companies, the impact on earnings is unclear even though overall under-recoveries will come down meaningfully,” Kotak Institutional Equities said in a recent report.
With crude oil derivatives contributing about 34% to its total raw material cost, Asian Paints stands to gain from the dip in the crude oil prices. Brent crude slipped 12.92% in the last three months and Asian Paints has gained 10.14% during the same period. Essel Propack, which uses crude-oil-based polymers for its plastic packaging business, has gained 14.94% during the same period.
Click here for graph
According to Bloomberg, Asian Paints is currently trading at 51.36-times its 12-month trailing earnings with the 12-month trailing EPS of 12.71. Essel Propack is trading at 18.14-times its 12-month trailing earnings against a 12-month trailing EPS of Rs 6.87.
While the downtrend in crude prices augurs well for paint stocks and plastic packaging providers, non-integrated steelmakers stand to gain from the falling iron ore prices. For JSW Steel, 32% of its total raw material costs is spent on iron ore lumps. With the iron ore lump prices falling 1.82% in the last three months, the scrip has gained 1.01%. In the last two months, the gains have been sharper with the scrip gaining 5.96%.
Analysts at Motilal Oswal Financial Services believe JSW Steel stands to gain the most from lower iron ore prices. “Non-integrated steel producers like JSW Steel may not see pressure on margin as cheaper iron ore and coking coal prices reduce costs for them,” MOFSL said in a recent report.
Also benefitting are tyre stocks. Apollo Tyres has gained 1.08% in the last three months with rubber prices plunging 15.03%. In the last two months, the stock has gained 15.21%.

India urges all nations to join tax informationpactPrint
New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:28 am
Welcoming the G20 pact on exchange of information to curb tax evasion, India on Monday urged all nations to join the pact but expressed reservations about the mandatory arbitration in the Mutual Agreement Procedure (MAP) of tax treaties saying it not only “impinges” on the sovereign rights of developing countries in taxation but also limits the ability of developing countries to apply their domestic laws for taxing non-residents and foreign companies.
On MAP, she said one of the major concerns from the point of view of developing countries is the approach adopted for making dispute resolution mechanisms more effective by including mandatory and binding arbitration procedure in the MAP. This means in case of disputes between the tax authorities of countries where an MNC is present, the share of income to be taxed in each country will be determined through arbitration the outcome of which would be binding on everyone..
“This not only impinges on the sovereign rights of developing countries in taxation, but will also limit the ability of the developing countries to apply their domestic laws for taxing non-residents and foreign companies,” she added.
Last week, finance ministers of the top 20 economically powerful nations agreed on a the new global standard on automatic exchange of information, which would enable the tax authorities, of both developed and developing countries, to receive information about taxpayers hiding their money in offshore financial centres and tax havens through multi-layered entities with non-transparent ownership, on an automatic basis. “This would be the key to prevent international tax evasion and avoidance and would be instrumental in getting information about unaccounted money stashed abroad and ultimately bringing it back,” minister of state for finance Nirmala Sitharaman said at the G20 finance ministers meet in Cairns, Australia.
One of the first steps taken by the new Government headed by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi is constitution of a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to examine all the issues in this regard and thus this is a cause which is very dear to us, she said.
“We believe that as far as possible, the new global standards on automatic exchange of information should be implemented with a common timeline with coverage of as many countries as possible. In addition to providing a critical mass to the success of the new standard, this would also be cost effective for financial institutions. 46 countries, including India, have agreed for a common timeline to exchange information automatically from 2017 and we call upon everybody to join us,” she said.
Outlining the need that the exchange of information on automatic basis under the new global standard is to be on a fully reciprocal basis as should be the arrangement between sovereign countries, she said “we therefore call upon countries to make necessary legislative changes in their domestic laws so as to enable them to provide the same level of information to other countries as they would be receiving from those countries.”
The new global standards on automatic exchange of information also present a unique opportunity to the developing continued…

No special route  govt tells China to bid forhighwaysPrint
New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:20 am
China wants to invest in Indian infrastructure on an unprecedented scale, but would like to get the projects on a platter rather than through the competitive route.
Despite the hopes created about FDI inflows from China growing exponentially from the very low levels right now, following China’s president Xi Jinping’s recent visit to the country, the government has rejected China’s proposal to build and fund a host of highway projects.
The reason: The projects that Beijing asked for are in the engineering, construction and procurement (EPC) category, which are funded by the government through the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and where the role of the private sector is restricted to that of job contractors.
China had specifically asked for award of nine projects — with a combined contract value of over R9,000 crore — in Punjab, Haryana, Odisha and Andhra Pradesh.
According to a senior government official privy to the development, “The investment proposals by China under the model suggested by them would not be feasible. We have told the China government that they can participate in the tenders to be floated for PPP projects being awarded on the build–operate–transfer (BOT) mode.”
China proposed to take up construction of 890 kms of highways (nine stretches) worth R9,125 crore that the government was planning to award on the EPC basis during Chinese president’s visit to the country. It proposed that Chinese firms would pick up these projects, finance them completely and also bring their own contractors for construction. China also wants to take up the projects on a turnkey basis. “The Chinese proposal was to bring Chinese labour, plant and machinery to construct the highway,” said the source, adding that India was concerned about this.
“It is practically impossible for the government to agree with such a proposal from China. Award of road projects in the country follow a process and everyone has to adhere to it,” said M Murali, director-general, National Highway Builders’ Federation.
Sources said that the detailed proposal made by China had many “gaps”.
While rejecting the Chinese model for award of these (EPC) projects, the road transport and highways ministry has written to the Chinese government, seeking more details of their plans for PPP projects to be awarded through the BOT mode.
In recent months, the award of new PPP projects in the highway sector has seen a big decline and the government is banking on the EPC projects for the time being to regain some momentum in the road construction, although its medium-term objective is to re-kindle investor interest in the PPP projects.

Service taxes set to get a big infrastructurebumpCurrently, commercial real estate projects are the chief source of service tax revenue from the construction sector for the Centre.
New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:17 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 5:21 am
The service tax net will be cast wider soon to include a wide range of construction-related services, which are currently exempt as “infrastructure services” and form more than a third of the country’s Rs 4.5-lakh-crore construction sector.
A 12% levy on services such as construction and upkeep of highways, bridges, airports, metro rail networks, post-harvest storage infrastructure, mechanised food grain handling systems and possibly even low-cost housing projects would add to the cost of these services, experts said.
Click here for graph
Currently, commercial real estate projects are the chief source of service tax revenue from the construction sector for the Centre.
The Centre’s service tax revenue had grown at just 15% in April-August this year compared with the targetted growth of 31% for the full year.
The government’s move to do away with the exemption for a slew of infrastructure services would appear to be at variance with the thrust being given to infrastructure investments, but tax experts said the industries concerned won’t really bear the brunt of the decision. This is because the new tax on their outputs would allow them to more efficiently utilise their input tax credits. It would, however, result in an additional tax burden on users of these infrastructure facilities.
“At present, real estate activities are subject to service tax but not infrastructure development services such as construction of roads, bridges and airports. If infrastructure services are subject to service tax, the real impact for developers would be on the net value addition as they would get credit for the taxes paid on the inputs,” said R Muralidharan, Executive Director, PwC India.
This means the additional tax revenue for the government from the move would be significant but much less than the figure derived from applying the levy on the total value of the output.
Sources privy to the government’s plan said that bringing infrastructure services under service tax would not only widen the base of this levy but also help in keeping exemptions to the minimum to facilitate an easy transition to the proposed Goods and Services Tax (GST). Under GST, businesses could utilise credit for the taxes previously paid on raw materials and services for meeting their final output tax liability, for which it is essential for the output of an industry to be within the tax net.
Besides air and sea ports, railways, metro rail, single residential houses and low cost housing projects, exempted services also include construction of post harvest storage infrastructure and mechanized food grain handling systems. Construction and maintenance of civil structures, roads, bridges, tunnel, terminals and projects under certain welfare schemes like JNNURM and Rajiv Awaas Yojana (RAY) are also exempted from service tax now. The revenue department’s current thinking is to bring continued…

Govt mulls another ETF with L&T  ITC and Axis BankYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Government mulls another ETF comprising stocks of L&T, ITC and Axis Bank and some blue chip PSUs
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 06.06AM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(The government had been…)
NEW DELHI: Buoyed by the success of its exchange-traded fund comprising stocks of state-owned companies, the government is now looking to launch another such exercise to take advantage of the ownership of blue chips such as ITC and Larsen & Toubro through the Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India (SUUTI), besides some other key public sector stocks.
"We are looking at another ETF with L&T, ITC and Axis Bank and some blue chip public sector companies," said finance secretary Arvind Mayaram.
The government's first ETF based on the stocks of state-owned ONGC, GAIL and Coal India among others has been a resounding success with nearly 30% gains since its April launch. It wants to repeat this with a better mix of shares--SUUTI holds 11.27% in ITC, 8.18% in L&T and 11.66% in Axis Bank, holdings that are worth more than Rs56,000 crore at current prices.
Such an exchange-traded fund is essentially a mutual fund that will raise money from the public and other investors, thus allowing the government to disinvest stocks without disrupting the market, for instance through a direct sale on the bourses.
SUUTI was formed in February 2003 after the restructuring of the erstwhile Unit Trust of India. The cabinet had in March 2012 cleared a proposal to wind up SUUTI and create a National Asset Management Company (NAMC) to manage the assets owned by it. NAMC was in turn to leverage its assets to buy government stakes in public sector companies but on January 9 this year the cabinet deferred a decision on allowing the government to monetise its holdings in the entity. The government subsequently sold some of the Axis Bank stock in SUUTI last year for Rs5,500 crore, making up for a shortfall in tax and disinvestment receipts.
The government had been examining various options such as an offer for sale to monetize its holding in SUUTI but now seems to have zeroed in on an ETF. This mechanism also addresses concerns raised in some quarters that large stake sales by the government could lead to some level of uncertainty if a big investor were to garner substantial stake.
Stake sales in these companies even in small quantities through an ETF could help the government raise substantial sums on the back of booming stock markets. The government wants to package the ETF with some public sector blue chips to make it attractive for retail investors and thereby draw them to the stock markets and lend it more depth.
It has budgeted Rs43,000 crore from disinvestment and anotherRs15,000 crore from sales of residual holdings in formerly stateheld companies.
With the union cabinet approving stake sales in Coal India, ONGC and NHPC, the government should be able to meet the budgeted target easily, given the buoyant state of the market.
Any additional stake sales in the current financial year would be a bonus that the government proposes to use for various purposes such as funding its infrastructure plans as also to retire costlier government debt.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IT veterans from Infy and Wipro to help Dell treble services revenue in few yearsYou are here: Home > Collections
IT veterans from Infosys and Wipro to help Dell treble services revenue in few years
Pankaj Mishra & Varun Sood, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 07.07AM IST
Tags:
Cognizant
(“We want to double, triple,…)
BANGALORE: Michael S Dell wants to more than treble the software services revenue in a "few years", an ambition that the entrepreneur is betting on his team of leaders handpicked from Indian outsourcing giants such as Infosys and Wipro.
Significantly, the founder, chairman and CEO of the Texas-based computer hardware and services firm believes ever since going private, Dell has been able to focus more on clients without being distracted by "activist shareholders" and invest in some of the long-term strategies, including investing in cloud, security and analytics space.
"We want to double, triple, quadruple our (services) business," Dell said in a phone interview last week, outlining his ambitions on services play for the first time. "There are 10 companies which have 1% of the $3 trillion IT industry, we have about 2%. We would want to have 3-4% in the years to come," he said from Brussels where he's been meeting customers. To be sure, Dell had a services unit in addition to selling desktops before it was taken private earlier this year.
The company first handpicked Wipro veteran Suresh Vaswani in December 2012 to steer its services business, who since then has aggressively built a core team by poaching executives from Infosys, Wipro and Hewlett Packard. "(But) remember the IT industry itself will be more than $3 trillion in years to come, and with internet of things (IoT), industry will grow beyond $3 trillion and we would want to bring solutions to capture a bigger share of the growing pie," Dell said.
INSIDE DELL STRATEGY
The centerpiece of Dell's turnaround strategy is based on combining existing IPs within to create software platforms and build newer solutions around disruptive technologies in IoT. Dell's chest thumping on IP hinges on its aggressive play in acquiring companies — it has bought over two dozen firms in the last five years, from StatSoft in advanced analytics to SecureWorks in security space, thereby helping it provide end-toend solutions to its customers.
Over the past one year, Vaswani has been able to convince top Indian IT executives such as Anand Sankaran, a Wipro veteran, Prasad Thrikutam, a high profile Infosys leader among others, to join Dell — "the world's largest startup" as described by its founder.
"If you look at the industry, it needs some freshness, and I will say we are providing that freshness," Vaswani told ET in an interview. "Indian IT services come from a particular angle and HP, EDS are monoliths so to speak. We say a different story, and we don't have legacy. And we have lots of IP."
Thrikutam, who was hired by Nandan Nilekani in 1995 at Infosys, joined Dell last month. "Most companies have a constraint on which path they can take because if they are a public company, they have to follow quarterly targets. Michael said I can choose the path I want, so I have control over my destiny — that was the clincher for me to join," Thrikutam said.
 
Officials said the firm's ability to invest in new services opportunities has become better, and faster after delisting.
"You are sitting in a meeting, and we say we should grow more on healthcare and we need tens of millions of dollar. And it is done. We don't have to go to shareholders to seek their approval," said Vaswani.
COMPETING WITH THE INCUMBENTS
But to compete with the likes of IBM, Accenture and Indian service providers, Dell would need more than just the flexibility of a privately-held company. On one hand, IBM is putting a multi-billion dollar bet on its autonomics solution Watson, and on the other hand India-based software services companies such as Cognizant Technology Solutions are beginning to challenge Dell in the healthcare services market. Cognizant acquired Trizetto for $2.7 billion a week ago, after hitting a slow patch of revenue growth during past year. Some analysts, including IDC, believe that Dell is not strong as IBM, Accenture or Infosys in services play as Dell still approach the market from the technology perspective, rather than a business one.
"Their (Dell) actual share is limited, despite the ambition. (But) services will play an increasing role for Dell — especially as they continue their move towards the what we (IDC) call the 3rd platform of IT : mobility, cloud, social and big data, " said Lionel Lamy, associate VP, European services, workplace & mobility, network life cycle, Internet of Things at IDC, the research firm. "In other words, the strategy is there, the services portfolio is aligned ... all they need is to execute and gain market presence (awareness) as well as market share. This will take time," he added.

IITs  course: Get ready for more Flipkarts  ...You are here: Home > Collections
Get ready for more Flipkarts and Snapdeals as IITs gear up to teach entrepreneurship
Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 08.31AM IST
Tags:
Flipkart
(Other IITs in Madras,…)
NEW DELHI: IITs have always produced a steady stream of entrepreneurs, including those behind celebrated companies such as Flipkart and Snapdeal . Many IITs also have thriving incubation cells that seek to spawn such entrepreneurs. IIT-Madras is even raising a startup fund. Now, finally, IITs are gearing up to teach entrepreneurship in the classroom.
IITs in Delhi, Kharagpur and Hyderabad are planning to bring entrepreneurship at the forefront of their BTech curriculum, and plan to launch minor as well as elective courses on the subject from next year. Other IITs in Madras, Mumbai, Gandhinagar, Kanpur, Patna and Mandi have just taken baby steps to include entrepreneurship in their curriculum. These steps could further whip up a culture of entrepreneurship at the IITs and in the country, entrepreneurs and investors say.
"This will benefit students who are not born into a business family, but yet aspire to run a company," Sasha Mirchandani, managing partner and founder of Kae Capital and founder of Mumbai Angels, a network of investors, said. "If you have faculty members teaching entrepreneurship, students would be more willing to learn about start-ups and businesses," he added.
IIT-Delhi recently introduced courses on entrepreneurship. These could evolve into a minor, PV Madhusudan Rao of the mechanical engineering department of IIT-Delhi, said. A minor is a pre-defined course in a focus area whereas an elective is an optional departmental or open-category course. Patna is another IIT thinking about launching a minor in entrepreneurship.
"With a subject like entrepreneurship being taught by actual entrepreneurs, it will help, support and guide young entrepreneurial ventures in the right direction," said Ajai Chowdhry, founder of HCL, who also teaches the subject at IIT-Hyderabad and is the chairman at IIT-Patna. "It could play a crucial role in reducing the number of failed start-ups," he added.
IIT-Kharagpur is considering a micro or thin specialisation in engineering entrepreneurship for its BTech students from next year, said PP Das, head of Rajendra Mishra School of Engineering Entrepreneurship at IIT-Kharagpur. This summer, IIT-Gandhinagar sent a dozen engineering students to attend a course on entrepreneurship at Technion, a technology institute in Israel.
"Since inception, IIT-Gandhinagar has been focusing on entrepreneurship as we do not want to be an institute offering a vanilla degree in BTech. We are offering entrepreneurship as both an elective and minor," said Sudhir K Jain, director at IIT-Gandhinagar. IIT-Madras is raising a fund for start-ups.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian pvt sector banks have over 2000 VPs a...Bank of America
(For the non-banking corporate…)
MUMBAI: In a country or a company, a vice-president is a top job, the title-holder is most likely No. 2 after the big boss, and the only one with that grand designation. In a bank, a VP can be...well, one of 12,000! Greg Smith, a Goldman Sachs VP, briefly became world famous in March 2012 when he quit the giant investment bank via a scathing oped piece on his employer in The New York Times.
But more revealingly, Lloyd Blankfein, Goldman's boss, had reportedly said he didn't understand the fuss since Smith was just one of 12,000 VPs in the bank. US media then estimated that an astounding 40% of Goldman staff were VPs. And, get this, Goldman was also estimated to have 2,400 managing directors!
For the non-banking corporate world, a managing director is of course often the big boss or the second-biggest boss — a company has just one MD. Goldman's fancy designation party is pretty much the norm across investment banking and banking everywhere, including in India — banks are chockfull of vice-presidents, directors and managing directors. So, when you meet a bank VP, or even a bank MD, don't get impressed, be curious. Why are there so many of them?
Just look at the data. Vito India Advisers, an executive search firm, estimates that of the 2,210 people employed in MNC commercial banking in India, 365 are VPs, 325 are directors and 65 are MDs. So, over 25% of the total staff have business cards with fancy designations.
In I-banking in India (domestic and MNC), there are 49 VPs, 31 directors and 32 MDs out of an executive headcount of 782. Here's the definitive proof of grand title inflation in banks worldwide: Jerome Tillier, a consultant with financial services company GXS and a sharp blogger, ran a test. He keyed in 'bank vice-president' in LinkedIn's search box, and got 449,898 hits! That's bigger than the population of Malta, as Tiller explained.
So, what gives? Why are there more bank VPs globally than the population of a small country?
"Designations like MD, VP are not jobs, but grades that reflect seniority," says K Sudarshan, managing partner, Asia, EMA Partners International, a global executive search firm. But that doesn't quite explain the seemingly madcap HR policy of banks. Sudarshan has more. "VPs are just fancy titles on visiting cards for market-facing executives... VPs are ubiquitous and the title does not mean anything and has nothing to do with the job one is doing...even the person managing in-house tech support can be called MD, technology."
So, why do banks do it? ET spoke to dozens of bank executives and headhunters and the following four reasons seem to explain best why almost everyone's a VP at a bank.
Most executives and headhunters who spoke to ET for this report did so on the condition they not be identified.First, Indian and India-based banks are simply copying a longstanding practice of American banks, especially I-banks. When finance was liberalised, American banks brought with them American banking HR norms and peer pressure meant Indian private banks and I-banks had to follow suit.
 
The fancy designation party in Indian private sector banking really caught on from 2000 onwards, and banks got around company law stipulations on designations such as MD by anointing one or two people as big bosses and the rest as functional heads. Many took local legal opinion before creating the fancy designation-heavy hierarchy.
So, Standard Chartered Bank in India, with around 100 executives in its I-banking division, has 10 MDs, 30 directors and 22 associate directors. HDFC Bank has five country heads — in one country, India. Even a new investment bank like Avendus has 21 VPs. Or consider Kotak Mahindra's I-bank, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company.
It employs 50 executives — around 20% are associates to assistant VPs, 25% are VPs and the rest are directors and MDs. One out of every 10 executives in Deutsche Bank is an MD. Private equity? Teams are far smaller here. And PE hotshots say dynamics are different.
"We are like high-end consultants," a veteran PE executive said, adding, "we don't need an army...we need talented heavyweights who can get direct access to CEOs or promoters and start a business conversation..." But to outsiders, it looks like this: Blackstone has 3 senior MDs, and Chrys Capital, 4 MDs and 2 VPs in a 12-member investing team. Warburg Pincus' 17-strong team has 4 MDs. And Carlyle India has 3 MDs. Examples abound, and it's clear within the fancy designation party in banking, I-banks are even more liberal than their commercial bank cousins. The second reason, given most often by banks themselves, is that throwing around titles like VPs or directors or MDs is an employee retention tool in a highly competitive skilled labour market with a shallow talent pool.

US Airstrikes Against ISIS Targets Are Under Way in SyriaSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Severe Storms and Heavy Rain Moving Across the...
EXPLORE.ORG: Penguin Underwater Swim Camera
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

 S&P Falls by Largest Margin in Nearly Seven WeeksYou are here: Home Market
Housing Data Hits Wall Street; S&P Has Worst Day Since August 5
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 07:26 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
New York: US stocks closed lower on Monday, with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day decline since early August, as the latest housing data came in much weaker than expected, raising new concerns about the rate of growth in the economy.
Equities were also pressured after China's finance minister indicated the country would not increase stimulus measures in response to some weak data of its own.
Existing home sales fell 1.8 per cent in August, far from the growth of 1 per cent that had been expected. An index of housing shares lost 2 per cent as one of the weakest sectors on the day. Among specific stocks, D. R. Horton lost 2.6 per cent to $21.37, while Beazer Homes was off 2.8 per cent at $18.09 and Toll Brothers shed 3.1 per cent to $32.41.
The housing number "points to less strength in the US recovery," said Rex Macey, chief allocation officer at Wilmington Trust Investment Advisors in Atlanta, Georgia. "Housing is just too important to the economy, and to have this kind of weakness puts a pretty dark cloud over the market."
In China, Finance Minister Lou Jiwei said the country would not dramatically alter its economic policy because of any one economic indicator. The comments come as recent data has been weak, leading many analysts to lower their growth forecasts for the country.
The Bank of New York Mellon's index of Chinese American Depositary Receipts fell 2.1 per cent.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 107.06 points, or 0.62 per cent, to 17,172.68, the S&P 500 lost 16.11 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 1,994.29 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 52.10 points, or 1.14 per cent, to 4,527.69. The day marked the biggest one-day decline for the S&P since August 5, and the biggest for the Nasdaq since July 31.
With the day's decline, the S&P 500 closed below its 14-day moving average for the first time since September 15. The technical level is a key indicator of short-term momentum.
The day's losses were broad, with all 10 primary S&P 500 sectors lower on the day. About 80 per cent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed lower, while 77 per cent of Nasdaq-listed shares ended in negative territory.
Consumer discretionary was the weakest sector on the day, down 1.5 per cent. TripAdvisor fell 4.1 per cent to $94.29 after the company's Viator unit on Friday said the payment card and personal information of about 880,000 customers might have been breached.
In company news, Sigma-Aldrich soared 33.2 per cent after German drugs and chemicals maker Merck KGaA agreed to acquire the company for $17 billion in cash.
About 5.99 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data, compared with the month-to-date average of 5.97 billion.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Obama Resists Linkage of Mideast GoalsObama Resists Linkage of Mideast Goals
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia cheered as China s factories defy doomstersGLOBAL MARKETS-Asia cheered as China s factories defy doomsters
Win big by using all asset classesWin big by using all asset classes
Sena upped demand after bypolls weakened BJPSena upped demand after bypolls weakened BJP
Chinese troops said to be 2 km inside LAC  build-up on the risePrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:16 am
Troops of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) have reportedly entered two kilometres inside the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Chumar sector, where Indian soldiers are said to be in an advantageous position due to a favourable terrain.
A senior government source said the Indo Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) force deployed there was forced to retreat as around 100 PLA soldiers camped there. The Chinese, who started trickling into the area over a week ago, have camped themselves here for the past three days.]
Chumar is strategically important as it is located on a higher altitude and India has an ITBP camp there. There are a dozen more locations where India-China are engaged in standoff-in Demchok and Chumar sector.
“The PLA troops have taken a position two kilometres inside our perceived territory along the LAC. They do not have a camp in this sector as the terrain on their side is not hospitable. They have rushed in their men who are camping here. Following this, we have also rushed reinforcements and the build-up can increase in the coming days,” said a senior government official.
As the stand-off continues, ITBP DG Subhash Goswami Monday briefed Minister of State (Home) Kiren Rijiju and gave a presentation on the recent spate of standoffs along the LAC. “We have asked our men to be aggressive and this is the reason we are involved in a number of stand-offs with the Chinese in the past three months. We are building some infrastructure for our troops and China is objecting to it. We even raised the issue of China constructing some military infrastructure on the other side. Four flag meetings have taken place but no conclusion has been reached,” said a senior government official.
Another Home Ministry official said, “We have been asked not to lower guard and no de-escalation will take place from our side. This is a major shift in government’s stand from earlier times when we were asked to retreat.”

Facebook to introduce new advertising platform: WSJSep 23, 2014, 08.19 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Facebook to introduce new advertising platform: WSJ
The product is a redesigned version of Atlas Advertiser Suite, an ad management and measurement platform that Facebook bought from Microsoft Corp last year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Facebook to introduce new advertising platform: WSJ
The product is a redesigned version of Atlas Advertiser Suite, an ad management and measurement platform that Facebook bought from Microsoft Corp last year.
Post your opinion here
 
Facebook Inc is set to unveil a new advertising platform to improve effectiveness of online ads, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday citing people with knowledge of the matter.
The product is a redesigned version of Atlas Advertiser Suite, an ad management and measurement platform that Facebook bought from Microsoft Corp last year.
It is expected to help marketers target Facebook users more effectively by measuring which users have seen, interacted or acted upon ads that appear on Facebook's services and on third-party websites and apps.
The product will also provide a tool for marketers to buy ads to target Facebook users across the Web.
Microsoft took on Atlas with its USD 6.3 billion acquisition of digital ad agency aQuantive in 2007. Unable to make it work for its own purposes, Microsoft wrote off USD 6.2 billion of the aQuantive deal's value in 2012.
The world's No.1 Internet social network, which lags behind market leader Google Inc in US market for online display ads, did not reveal how much it paid for the technology.
Facebook counts 1.5 million advertising customers and the company's ad business saw strong growth across all of its geographic regions, Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg told Reuters in July.
Mobile advertising revenue grew 151 percent year-over-year, accounting for roughly 62 percent of Facebook's overall ad revenue in the second quarter.
RELATED NEWS

Govt to divest 10% in RINLGovt to divest 10% in RINL
Opening Bell 23 September | Global equities lower on weak US dataOpening Bell 23 September | Global equities lower on weak US data
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; may reclaim 8150 levelsPre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; may reclaim 8150 levels
Zero to infinity: Story of India its IT industryZero to infinity: Story of India its IT industry
Punters Diary: Markets are back. I am backEconomic Times Not on Flipkart, snapdeal or amazondeals for discounts
October 17, 2014 11:46 IST
Economic Times Not on Flipkart, snapdeal or amazondeals for discounts. Looking for value and discounts on my stockmarket trading screen
September 29, 2014 10:45 IST
Narendra Modi has come at opportune time to turnaround downward trend. Healthy correction may soon get over
S&P revision is again
September 29, 2014 10:42 IST
S&P revision is again, vote for Narendra Modi.The revision has come at opportune time to turnaround downward trend. Healthy correction may soon get over.
Market esp mid small cap needed to correct
September 25, 2014 15:53 IST
Market esp mid small cap needed to correct. Amongst news, more worrisome than Syria and US bombing is China's intrusion, war preparation etc
Organised Corporate Day at IIFL today
September 23, 2014 16:41 IST
Organised Corporate Day at IIFL today. Several managements in series of discussions with Fund Managers & HNI investors all day.
September 19, 2014 12:57 IST
Auto ancillary sector is great to increase exposure at every opportunity. Same stocks that I discussed earlier.
Alibaba IPO raises US $25 bn
September 19, 2014 12:55 IST
Alibaba IPO raises US $25 bn. Modi Xi sign $20bn pa. It's a world of free enterprise, unleash them, they will get more capital than Govts
Bought some Auto ancillary & cement.
September 18, 2014 17:55 IST
Bought some Auto ancillary & cement. J K Lakshmi, Heidelbrg,TVS Srichakra, MM forging. Why? high operating leverage, when volumes up-huge earnings upside possible.
Nocil seems good punt
September 18, 2014 17:50 IST
Nocil seems good punt. Rubber chem. Benefitting fm anti dumping duty, auto revival and expansion full benefit this yr. Promoters bought 2
My 10 Top Picks
September 15, 2014 10:29 IST
My 10 top picks Indusind bank, BPCL, Finolex Cable, Magma, IPCA, Lumax Auto, KEC, Jamna Auto, J K Laxmi Cement & Berger Paint.
There can be sharp corrections in small/ mid caps
September 11, 2014 12:30 IST
There can be sharp corrections in small/ mid caps. Still I think more multi baggars in small mid. Seems mega bull market on its marathon run.
Local MFs getting more money than FIIs after a long in Aug
September 11, 2014 11:00 IST
Local MFs getting more money than FIIs after a long in Aug. Y'day mid cap small cap rallied when sensex closed lower. Time for local punters.
Many punters lament market has run up a lot
September 10, 2014 01:40 IST
Many punters lament market has run up a lot. Somebody put it well today is the first day of rest of your life. & Bull market is still young!
September 09, 2014 07:15 IST
Punting is about money making, blends art of trading and science of investing

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty log spectacular gains; check for Kotak Securities  Shrikant Chouhan outlookE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Yemen government signs peace deal with ShiitesSmokes rises from near the Yemeni Government TV building, background, during clashes between Sunni militiamen and Hawthi Shiite rebels in Sanaa, Yemen, Saturday, Sept. 20, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Sanaa | Posted: September 22, 2014 9:42 am
Yemeni government officials and Shiite rebels signed a peace agreement on Sunday following days of violence that left more than 140 people dead and sent thousands fleeing their homes, state media said, although major rebel advances earlier in the day deepened a sense of uncertainty in the country.
The agreement calls for an immediate cease-fire and the formation of a technocratic government within a month after consultations with all political parties, a U.N. envoy said later at a joint news conference with President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi in the capital, Sanaa.
“The head of the government may not belong to any political group,” Jamal Benomer said, reading from the document, which, he added, also calls for security forces to be restructured based on consultations with the political parties.
Just hours earlier, state media reported that the country’s prime minister had resigned, but the president’s office denied it had received any such request.
The conflicting information came as the rebels, called Hawthis, seized numerous strategically important installations in Sanaa, including the Defense Ministry, the Central Bank, a key military base and Iman University, military and security officials said. An official at the Defense Ministry later said that the situation there was “normal and stable” and that the building had not been attacked.
The Hawthis have in recent months routed their Islamist foes in a series of battles north of Sanaa, and in recent days consolidated and expanded their grip on areas just to the north of the capital.
Their foes have traditionally been Sunni Islamist militias allied with the government or the fundamentalist Islah party. The Hawthis have been pressing for a change of government and what they see as a fair share of power.
In many cases, officials said the rebels handed over installations they captured to the military police or to popular committees comprising Hawthis and local residents to protect them against looting.
However, they dealt harshly with personnel and installations associated with their foes in years of war, such as the university, which was seen as a bastion of Sunni hard-liners and a recruitment hub for militants.
On Sunday afternoon, the official SABA news agency announced the resignation of Mohammed Salem Bassindwa but gave no details. A subsequent report by the agency quoted the president’s office as saying it had not received any such request.
Bassindwa took office shortly after former President Ali Abdullah Saleh was forced to step down. He has been in office since February 2012 and has been sharply criticized for his inability to deal with the country’s pressing problems.
The military base captured by the Hawthis is the headquarters of the army’s 1st Armored Division, an elite outfit led continued…

Sharda Cropchem to list at 40%+ premium: ExpertsSep 22, 2014, 06.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sharda Cropchem to list at 40%+ premium: Experts
Given such overwhelming response to the issue, no exact comparable peers and strong momentum in the equity market, experts expect more than Rs 200 as a listing price for the stock.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sharda Cropchem to list at 40%+ premium: Experts
Given such overwhelming response to the issue, no exact comparable peers and strong momentum in the equity market, experts expect more than Rs 200 as a listing price for the stock.
Post your opinion here
Sunil Shankar Matkar
Moneycontrol.com
Mumbai-based Sharda Cropchem will list its equity shares on Tuesday. The issue price is fixed at higher end of price band of Rs 145-156 apiece and the issue was oversubscribed 60 times supported by all type of investors.
Sharda is a crop protection chemical company engaged in the marketing and distribution of a wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally. It is also involved in order based procurement and supply of belts, general chemicals, dyes and dye intermediates.
Given such overwhelming response to the issue, no exact comparable peers and strong momentum in the equity market, experts expect more than Rs 200 as a listing price for the stock.
“We expect the stock to list at around Rs 220-230, implying 41-47 percent upside over issue price of Rs 156 a share,” said Prashanth Tapse of Mehta Equities.
Manish Bhatt of Prabhudas Lilladher too agreed with Tapse, saying the equilibrium price (opening price) for the stock should be Rs 225-230.
The issue, which has a size of Rs 250 crore and more, has a 20 percent circuit (upper/lower) limit. Sharda’s IPO size was Rs 352 crore, so the 20 percent upper circuit would be Rs 270.
Among three experts, Astha Jain of Hem Securities expects the minimum listing price that is Rs 187-202, implying 20-30 percent premium over issue price.
Strategy on listing day
Tapse as well as Jain both advise investors to buy the stock at around Rs 170 level but Bhatt does not expect the stock to fall below Rs 200. His advise for the buying price would be Rs 200-215.
Jain says investors can book profits if it crosses Rs 200 level but if one wants to hold it for long term, then there is no harm in holding. She expects 50-60 percent returns in 6-12 months.
Tapse advises retail investors to exit at Rs 220-230 levels while Bhatt looks more optimistic. His advise for booking profits would be at Rs 270-280 levels. But if anyone is a long term investors, then he/she should keep it in portfolio, Bhatt adds.
The 2.3 crore equity shares’ public issue was opened for subscription during September 5-9. The company did not get money raised through this issue as purpose of the public issue was to carry out sale of 2,25,55,124 equity shares by selling shareholders (HEP Mauritius, Ramprakash V Bubna and Sharda R Bubna) and achieve the benefits of listing equity shares on exchanges - BSE and NSE.
Bubna family, the promoter and promoter group, reduced their stake in the company from 84.13 percent to 75 percent and non-institutional investor HEP Mauritius offloaded its entire stake of 15.87 percent.
Crop protection chemical company Sharda has an asset-light business model whereby it focuses on identifying generic molecules, preparing dossiers, seeking registrations, marketing and distributing formulations or generic active ingredients in fungicide, herbicide and insecticide segments through third-party distributors or its own sales force.
The company as of FY14 holds around 1200 registrations of which the European Union constitutes around 45 percent (534 registrations), Latin America around 26 percent (312 registrations), NAFTA around 6 percent while the rest of world (RoW) comprises the remaining around 23 percent.
With an objective to increase its presence in the agrochemical value chain, the company has set up its own sales force in various countries in Europe as well as in Mexico, Colombia, South Africa and India. As of date it has over 440 third-party distributors and over 100 personnel in its own sales force.
The company has recently entered into the biocide segment and has acquired several registrations from the existing registration holders, primarily, in Europe.
The availability of multiple manufacturers and formulators in the agrochemical industry helps the company in not being dependent on a single or limited number of manufacturers or formulators.
Agrochemical business operations of the company are spread in over 60 countries across Europe, NAFTA, Latin America and Rest of the World.
SCL has a strong balance sheet with healthy return ratios. It has maintained a focus on capital efficiency and maintained a conservative debt policy. It has a short term borrowings of Rs 40 crore as against cash and cash equivalent of Rs 215 crore as of FY14. It also has good reserves of Rs 465.52 crore in FY14.
The company has demonstrated a consistent track record of profitability over the last three years. It had reported a 25 percent compounded annual growth in the net income over FY2012-14. It has strong return on capital employed (RoCE) of 25 percent and return on equity (RoE) of close to 20 percent.
In FY14, the company clocked a consolidated topline of Rs 782 crore (up 0.54 percent over FY13) with around 82.5 percent being contributed by the agrochemical business (Rs 645 crore), Rs 15.8 percent being contributed by the conveyor belt business (Rs 123 crore) and around 1.7 percent being contributed by other business (dyes). Net profit of the company in FY14 grew by 26.8 percent year-on-year to Rs 106.9 crore compared to previous financial year supported by other income and lower depreciation.
RELATED NEWS

Stocks fall as global growth fears mountStocks fall as global growth worries mount
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ef47c34c-4204-11e4-a7b3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Steel re-rollers want import loopholes to be pluggedSteel re-rollers want import loopholes to be plugged
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, September 22:  
Steel re-rollers manufacturing construction steel have urged the government to plug loopholes in import regulations that enable importers to bring in non-standard steel from China paying lower customs duty.
Representatives of the Madras Steel Re-Rollers Association said over 40,000 tonnes of such construction steel imported from China are in Chennai, Mumbai and Kochi ports awaiting clearance.
Addressing a press conference, Sunil Patodia, Vice-President of the Association said re-bars imported from China do not carry BIS certification and are wrongly declared as deformed alloy steel re-bars. Construction steel which comes under the Customs HS Code 72.13 or 72.14 is being wrongly declared under the HS Code 72.28.
They do not meet the quality norms in terms of chemical composition, geometry and physical characteristics. The imports are being ‘misdeclared’ to get around quality norms and pay lower import duties, he alleged.
If allowed to continue, the domestic industry would come under threat of these low cost imports, Patodia said.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

At IIT-Madras  innovation is a part of learningAt IIT-Madras, innovation is a part of learning
Mahima A Jain
A student operates a quadrotor at the Centre For Innovation Open House, at IIT-Madras. SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT
Platform set up by alumni helps budding entrepreneurs start up
Chennai, September 22:  
In 2007, when a bunch of students from IIT-Madras started the Centre for Innovation funded by the alumni of the 1981 batch, little did they know that it would grow as a platform for budding entrepreneurs and a place for people with ideas.
With auto, aero, astronomy, compvision, electronics, design and animation, ibot (robotics), webops (coding) and biotech clubs, CFI has around 300 student-members who walk in with their ideas and passion to see those ideas through.
Rohit Reddy, IIT alumni and founder and CEO, Desto, said, “I was with CFI when it started. I had an ambition to build things that fly. So we built an ornithopter. I am not from an aero background, but we did it.”
This zeal reverberates at the CFI Open House, an exhibition of CFI projects, held last weekend at the IIT-M Campus.
Anumanth Sarma, a student coordinator, said, “Each club has around three projects in various stages of completion here. Some NGOs or companies give their problem statements and we work on those too, and some are student projects.”
CFI gets a majority of its funds from the alumni. “They have extended support in technology and help them take their work elsewhere,” Reddy said.
Industry clients include Alstrut India, Kwik Soft Innovation, Paperman Pvt Ltd, Chennai Corporation, and NGO Vidya Sagar.
Some of the exhibits included hovercrafts and quadrotors, garbage segregation and compressing machines in prototype stage, a Vein Finder that makes detecting veins easier, various projects for a central building management system, alert system for hearing impaired, various devices and software to help autistic children and children with cerebral palsy (under the Team Sahaay that makes products to assist specially-abled people), projection mapping, scene classification, robots that carry loads in factories, and many more.
One exhibit includes parts of Raftaar, the formula racing car built from scratch by IIT-M students. The car itself is in transit from Germany, having just been a part of a competition organised by the Formula Student Association of Engineers. This is the team’s third year at FSAE. For most students at CFI, nothing is impossible.
As one alumni says, CFI was like “the Wild West. We had freedom to pursue something we were passionate about. A significant number of students from my batch are entrepreneurs.”
Mahesh Panchagnula, Co-curricular Advisor at IIT-M, said, “The fraction of CFI alumni who have start-ups is significantly higher than other alumni. CFI teaches them to be on their own with minimal mentorship.”
Reddy calls CFI a community. “It gives you a place, time, funding and guidance. And it teaches you to learn and fail and grow. As entrepreneurs it is all about facing the unknown. And CFI gives you that opportunity. It works on a non-incentivised organic model. Once you are done you feel like giving it back. You want to enable other students to have the same experience.”
This feeling of belonging to a larger community has assured that CFI will continue to be aided by those that have been helped by it. After all, what goes around comes around. And with several alumni taking a keen interest in CFI projects, it can be assured that many more ideas will see the light of day.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Syndicate Bank MD sent to police custody till TuesdaySep 22, 2014 at 11:45pm IST
Syndicate Bank MD sent to police custody till Tuesday
15
1
New Delhi: A court here on Monday remanded Syndicate Bank chairman-cum-managing director SK Jain and another accused to police custody till Tuesday after the CBI said the duo are required to be confronted with another co-accused in the case.
Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Special Judge Swarna Kanta Sharma remanded Jain and middleman Vineet Godha into police custody till September 23.
The CBI has sought the custody of both accused saying that they are required to be confronted alleged middleman in the Syndicate Bank bribery case, Purushottam Lal Totlani.
Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Special Judge Swarna Kanta Sharma remanded Jain and middleman Vineet Godha into police custody till September 23.
#delhi #syndicate bank #md #custody
The judge also allowed the investigating agency's plea to quiz Totlani till September 23.
Totlani, who was evading arrest, surrendered last Wednesday. The court last month had rejected his anticipatory bail plea and initiated proceedings to declare him as a proclaimed offender in the case after issuing non-bailable warrants against him twice.
The CBI told court that after surrender and during his police custody remand and after recording of statement of one witness, it has been found that Totlani was in contact with Godha, who also knew Jain.
The court Saturday issued production warrant against the Syndicate Bank CMD and middleman Godha for September 22.
The CBI had arrested Jain August 2 for allegedly taking Rs.50 lakh in bribe for raising the credit limit of some companies in violation of the banking rules.
Bhushan Steel Ltd.'s vice-chairman Neeraj Singhal is also an accused in the case. Singhal was arrested August 7.
2

Engines tested  India s Mars mission set to enter planet s orbit on WednesdayForeign languages to make way for Sanskrit: Is this a regressive move?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Finkl steel plant to be torn downThat demolition could impact a plan by a local nonprofit to revamp the site and bring new tenants.
The next use for the property at 2011 N Southport Ave. is likely to trigger controversy.
Some residents want the site cleared for housing because it has river views. Manufacturers in the area would like the site to remain a "planned manufacturing district," a designation that protects them from encroaching residential development.
North Branch Works, a community development corporation, received a $200,000 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency to put together a plan for the vacant property. Its goal is to keep the industrial designation on the site and incorporate broader needs from the community, such as improving traffic jams, basement flooding and parking.
"The planning would move along a different path if you talk new construction versus renovation or reuse," said Mike Holzer, executive director of North Branch Works.
The plan is scheduled to be delivered in September 2015. The nonprofit is planning a meeting in the fall to unveil results of a market analysis on the type of businesses that would be a good fit for the site.
Krista Elam, director of sustainable economic development at North Branch Works, said that while the property owners don’t have to follow along with the plan, she hopes they would take it into account and be excited about it.
That property is owned by the company’s former chief executive Bruce Liimatainen; James Finkl, a descendant of founder Anton Finkl; and Curci.
Finkl, which makes specialty steels and alloys, moved last year to a 53-acre site at 1355 E. 93rd St. on the South Side.
In contrast, the North Side plant sat on more than 22 acres separated by city streets.
Finkl is owned by Germany-based Schmolz+Bickenbach AG, a producer of high-grade steel. Finkl makes steel used globally to create molds for plastics and dies for metal casting, as well as custom-forged pieces.
To retain Finkl, Chicago offered $22.5 million from its tax increment financing fund, including $500,000 for the substation, and sold Finkl six parcels next to its South Side property for $1. The state pledged more than $7 million in tax credits and training funds.
Finkl has said the new plant will enable it to boost production fivefold, to a half-million tons of steel a year.

Mutual Funds: New-found optimismE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Modi wants 2 lakh MW more from sun  wind with US helpPM Modi wants 2 lakh MW more from sun, wind with US help
Anupama Airy , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 00:22 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:34 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will seek US technology and investments for setting up 100,000 MW each of solar and wind energy generation capacity in India over the next 10 years, according to official documents in HT’s possession.
This is expected to be part of the Prime Minister’s agenda during his US visit starting September 27 and forms an important part of his plan to provide 24x7 power across the country within five years.
The average price of setting up 1 MW of solar or wind power is about Rs. 7 crore. At this price, the initiative will need an investment of Rs. 4 lakh crore at current prices. The initiative can also generate up to 670,000 jobs in the country.
India’s total installed capacity across thermal, hydel, wind, solar and nuclear power currently stands at 250,000 MW. Of this, only about 140,000 MW is actually available because of coal and gas shortages and sub-optimal capacity utilisation.
The government wants the public sector NTPC and Coal India Ltd (CIL) to implement this mega initiative as they have strong balance sheets and also the experience of rolling out mega projects. NTPC has cash reserves of Rs. 16,000 crore and CIL has reserves of Rs. 57,000 crore.
A “working group (of US and Indian stakeholders) to partner NTPC’s and CIL’s plans to roll out 100,000 MW each of solar and wind energy projects in 10 years” is likely to be announced during Modi’s US visit, the document says.
In the run-up to the visit, the government has already scrapped a plan to impose additional duties on solar panels imported from the US and elsewhere.
Presently, India has an installed capacity of 2,750 MW of solar power and 21,800 MW of wind power.
The government is keen that US companies, which have the technology to generate and store solar and wind power, set up shop in India to manufacture solar panels, wind turbines and related components in India.
This will help reduce costs and generate jobs within the country.
Power and coal minister Piyush Goyal was not available for comment. “I want to see an India free of diesel generator and inverter within the term of our government,” Goyal had told HT recently.

Probing Chidambaram s role in Aircel-Maxis d...Aircel
(CBI said it was investigating…)
NEW DELHI: The CBI on Monday told the special 2G court hearing the Aircel-Maxis case that the foreign investment promotion board's approval in the deal was a "mistake". The agency said it was investigating how former finance minister P Chidambaram Chidambaram had cleared the nearly Rs3,500-crore deal in 2006 as he was competent to give approval of up to Rs600 crore only.
"The investment was of $800 million which is Rs3,500 crore (approx). The FIPB approval (by the then finance minister) was a mistake. This is under investigation," the investigating officer in the case told Special Judge OP Saini. It said that the matter should have been referred to the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA).
"Your (judge) query was on FIPB approval. We are showing documents which show the power of the then finance minister. Power was vested in the then finance minister to give FIPB approval of up to Rs600 crore. For investment of over Rs600 crore, CCEA was competent to give approval. This is under investigation and we have not concluded the probe on this aspect yet," CBI prosecutor KK Goel said.
The agency had told the court in its chargesheet in the case that Mauritius-based M/s Global Communication Services Holdings Ltd, a subsidiary of Maxis, had sought approval for $800 million.
In its chargesheet, CBI had named former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanithi Maran, T Ananda Krishnan, Malaysian national Augustus Ralph Marshall and four firms —Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd, Maxis Communication Berhad, South Asia Entertainment Holding Ltd and Astro All Asia Network PLC — as accused in the case.
They have been charge sheeted for the offences punishable under section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and under relevant provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
On being asked by the court about the role of Kaveri Maran, wife of Kalanithi Maran who has been charge sheeted by the CBI in the case, the agency said that although she was holding 82% share in accused firm Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd but as per the documents, every decision was taken by her husband.
"Documents do not reveal about her role directly. If the court give us further task, we will certainly investigate this aspect," the CBI said. The court has now fixed the matter for further arguments on October 13. On September 11, the CBI had told the court that former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran had "pressurised" and "forced" Chennai-based telecom promoter C Sivasankaran to sell his stakes in Aircel and two subsidiary firms to Malaysian firm Maxis Group in 2006.
The Malaysian firm was favoured by Maran and granted licence within six months after the take over of Aircel in December 2006, it had said.
Ex-Telecom Secretary J S Sharma, who has died, has also been named in the CBI's chargesheet. However, his name has been put in a column of the accused against whom trial cannot proceed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Its getting harder and harder to stimulate Chinas economyChina's Transition
September 22, 2014
Awful August data shows that Chinese growth is sputtering once again. This might seem strange given that in May, the Chinese government loosened lending and launched infrastructure investment projects—moves touted as a “mini-stimulus.”
At least for smaller, non-state companies, it clearly didn’t work, based on the findings of China Beige Book (CBB), a research firm.
“[T]he true problem, still missed in most policy discussions, is that intense stimulus wouldn’t work,” says the report. “Liquidity is excessive yet credit participation has cratered over the past two years. Supply is there, but demand is not.”
Who isn’t borrowing?
The report’s findings suggest that it’s not a lack of cheap credit that smaller Chinese companies are struggling with. So far in the third quarter, half as many firms have borrowed as in the first quarter of 2012, when CBB’s polling began. The survey, which examines more than 2,100 firms around China, shows that fewer than 20% of the firms borrowed at all in the third quarter (from banks, the bond market, shadow finance firms, or otherwise), down from 29% in the third quarter of 2013. Capital expenditures, meanwhile, have sagged to the lowest level since the survey began.
Why the holdback? It might have something to do with credit becoming more expensive; the mean bank loan interest rate rose to 7.47%, up from 6.95% last quarter. But the trend has been consistent enough since the second quarter to suggest something more systemic is at play: that just as private firms are furiously trying to pay down debt, domestic consumption is now flagging. CBB reports that the retail sector, which it considers a proxy for consumer behavior, saw only sluggish growth—as did wages.
So who is borrowing, then?
The strange thing is, nearly half the bankers CBB spoke with reported a rise in total lending to businesses, up from 35% in Q2. But they’re not lending to new customers—only 1% said that 30% or more of their business was with new borrowers.
The likely recipients are state-owned companies, local government financing vehicles, and firms in strategic state sectors. Though it might be coincidental, coal and iron ore—two notoriously inefficient sectors—saw a big rebound in third-quarter output growth, despite the government limiting loans  (paywall) to those sectors earlier this year. “The government appears to have halted its crackdown on overcapacity in those sectors—and they responded by stepping back on the gas pedal,” says Leland Miller, president of CBB.
There’s one more sector of the Chinese economy that picked up in the latest quarter: shadow lending , via off-bank-balance-sheet finance channels. The proportion of loans coming from shadow finance rose seven percentage points, to 31%, while just 12% of firms received bank loans.
Tricky stimulus conditions ahead
The Chinese government needs to prevent a drop in growth so sharp it violently disrupts the economy. And eventually, that probably means more stimulus. What CBB’s research suggests, though, is that monetary stimulus won’t be enough. With companies so reluctant to borrow, if the government wants to get investment going, it’s going to have to do it itself.
Share this:

Regulatory revenge risksRegulatory revenge risks scaring investors away
By Gillian Tett
As uncertainty is seen shifting to legal risk, questions arise about the investability of banks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c24e1ffa-2d35-11e4-aca0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Assets under management leave crisis behindAssets under management leave financial crisis behind
By David Oakley, Investment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34ee713a-0848-11e4-9afc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xi Jinping: PLA should be combat ready to win a regional warE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cong demands statement from PM Narendra Modi on Chinese incursionsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Narendra Modi to get rockstar reception in New York  likely to draw huge crowdsSep 23, 2014 at  09:37am IST
PM Narendra Modi to get rockstar reception in New York, likely to draw huge crowds
11
0
New York: It is a rock 'n' roller's dream to "sell out The Garden," but for a foreign politician to pack New York City's most famous sports and entertainment arena is another thing entirely.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on his first trip to New York as leader of the world's most populous democracy, will draw perhaps the largest crowd ever by a foreign leader on US soil when he takes the stage on Sunday in Madison Square Garden before a crowd forecast to total more than 18,000 people.
Thousands more are expected to pack New York's Times Square to watch his address in Hindi on big screens as well as smaller viewing parties around the country and on TV in India.
Narendra Modi is expected to address thousands in New York's Times Square during his first trip to the US after becoming the Prime Minister.
#new york #narendra modi #prime minister #us president
The Indian diaspora hopes this visit by a leader who was until recently barred from the United States will signify India's importance not only on these shores but in wider the world too.
The event is being emceed by prominent members of the Indian American community, Nina Davuluri, who has just relinquished her crown as Miss America 2014, and TV journalist Hari Sreenivasan.
"Indian citizens and diaspora over the world are hopeful that this (Modi) administration will cut bureaucracy and focus on people," said Dr. Dinesh Patel, chief of arthroscopic surgery at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, who arrived in the United States more than 50 years ago.
Patel, who says he was given an award for work in education by Modi, a fellow Gujarati, added: "People are passionate to see the new leader. Another Narendra is coming to this country to let the USA know what India is about."
The first Narendra was Swami Vivekananda, a 19th-century philosopher and monk who propagated the Hindu faith in the United States. Modi often cites a speech by Vivekananda, born Narendra Nath Datta, to the Parliament of Religions in Chicago in 1893, as a source of inspiration.
"Let us remember the words of Swami Vivekananda and dedicate ourselves to furthering the cause of unity, brotherhood and world peace," Modi wrote on September 11 to his 6.5 million followers on Twitter.
India's economy, the third largest in Asia, has struggled to recover from sub-par growth, shackled by layers of bureaucracy anathema to the diaspora. Modi's general election triumph in May was driven in large part by his entrepreneurial mantra.
On the eve of his US visit, tensions remain between the Washington and New Delhi over trade and spying.
The 64-year-old former chief minister of Gujarat was denied a US visa in 2005 over sectarian rioting that killed more than 1,000 people, mainly Muslims, three years before. Modi, who denies wrongdoing, has been exonerated by a Supreme Court probe.
Washington was late to warm to Modi. Its ambassador to India only met him in February, when opinion polls already put his nationalists on course for a big election win.
Diligent Diaspora
India's US diaspora is a highly educated population of nearly 3.2 million, making up about 1 per cent of the US population, according to latest US Census Bureau data.
As a group, they are more likely to be hooked to the internet than their fellow Americans, far more likely to have a college or professional degree and twice as well off with an average household income of more than $100,000.
"Indians are generally very ambitious and entrepreneurs," said Mike Narula, the founder, president and chief executive officer of Long Island, New York-based Reliance Communications, a distributor of mobile telecom devices and accessories.
Narula, who came to the United States 17 years ago, first working in the garment industry, now has his own company with more than, 200 employees. He's part of the host committee for Modi's visit to Washington, where the prime minister will meet with President Barack Obama on Monday and Tuesday.
"We attempted to do business in India. I hope Modi will look into streamlining issues such as VAT, the role of FDI (foreign direct investment) and find a way for American businesses to not have to go through 19 red tape bureaucracies," he said.
While Indian Americans are well represented in America's professional class, they are less visible in the military. Some 0.1 per cent serve in the armed forces compared to 0.4 per cent of Americans as a whole.
"The diaspora does very well on entrepreneurship, but not as much on the physical sacrifices. It is not just enough to be a citizen and taxpayer," said Raj Bhandari, a 48 year old Mumbai-born banker from New Jersey. "As a larger community I would like it to be more engaged on the front lines."
2

Congress says map in MoUs with China shows Arunachal as  disputed area   Gujarat rejects chargeSep 23, 2014 at 07:26am IST
Congress says map in MoUs with China shows Arunachal as 'disputed area', Gujarat rejects charge
24
0
Ahmedabad/New Delhi: Hours after Congress demanded apology from Prime Minister Narendra Modi over alleged distribution of a handout showing Arunachal Pradesh as "disputed territory" during Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to the city, the Gujarat government on Monday night said that the map was not part of the memorandums signed with China.
"The map is showing the location of Guangdong Province and Guangzhou City in China. The map was neither signed by any officials of the Gujarat government nor endorsed by Government of Gujarat. The map shows the location and the other data such as geographical area, population, per capita, etc. The map was not part of the MoU signed," the state government said in a statement issued in the evening.
The clarification came after Congress launched a scathing attack on the Modi government while voicing its concerns over repeated Chinese incursions.
"In this MoU, Arunachal Pradesh has been shown as a disputed territory. The Prime Minister should apologise for this major lapse and blunder," Congress leader Ajay Maken said.
#arunachal pradesh #gujarat #china #memorandum of understandings
"In this MoU, Arunachal Pradesh has been shown as a disputed territory. The Prime Minister should apologise for this major lapse and blunder," party general secretary Ajay Maken said on his blog.
He was referring to a meeting on September 17 in Ahmedabad in which three MoUs were signed between the government of Gujarat and Gaundang province of China in the presence of Modi during which the Additional Chief Secretary f the state D Pandian had distributed a handout showing map of Gaundong province.
Raising a question, Maken has said, "whether in the MoU too, has this particular map (showing Arunachal Pradesh as disputed territory) been shown."
4

Obama applauds Treasury move to curb corporate tax inversionsUpdated: September 23, 2014 08:34 IST
Obama applauds Treasury move to curb corporate tax inversions
PTI
AP U.S. President Barack Obama said he was still calling on Congress to pursue tax reform to reduce the corporate tax rate, close loopholes and simplify the tax code. File photo
TOPICS
taxes and duties
The U.S. Treasury has cracked down on large corporations shifting their ownership abroad to cut their tax bills, with President Barack Obama applauding the move and calling on the Congress to close wasteful loopholes.
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew briefed Mr. Obama on Monday on the first steps Treasury Department is taking to discourage companies from taking advantage of corporate inversions — moving their tax residence overseas on paper to avoid paying their fair share in taxes here at home.
The new regulations from the Treasury Department will make these corporate inversions less lucrative.
Under the new rules, companies undertaking inversions will not be able to make use of those funds, without paying taxes on them, according to the Treasury.
“We have recently seen a few large corporations announce plans to exploit this loophole, undercutting businesses that act responsibly and leaving the middle class to pay the bill,” Mr. Obama said in a statement applauding the Treasury’s move.
He said, “And I am glad that Secretary Lew is exploring additional actions to help reverse this trend.” Mr. Obama has denounced inversions as unpatriotic and has urged Congress to stop them.
Yet he said he was still calling on Congress to pursue tax reform to reduce the corporate tax rate, close loopholes and simplify the tax code.
“That’s why I have called on Congress to lower our corporate tax rate, close wasteful loopholes, and simplify the tax code for everyone,” he said.
Mr. Obama said while there is no substitute for Congressional action, his administration will act wherever it can to protect the progress the American people have worked so hard to bring about.
“I believe America does better when hard work pays off, responsibility is rewarded, and everyone plays by the same set of rules.
“In the weeks and months ahead we should do even more to bring fairness to our tax code, help our businesses create more American jobs, and expand opportunity for all,” said the U.S. President.

US begins bombing ISIS targets in Syria: Pentagonprint
US Navy F/A-18 fighter jet on bombing mission. (File Photo)
The United States began bombing ISIS targets in Syria using fighters, bomber and Tomahawk missiles, according to the Pentagon late Monday night.
"I can confirm that U.S. military and partner nation forces are undertaking military action against ISIL terrorists in Syria using a mix of fighter, bomber and Tomahawk Land Attack Missiles,” said Pentagon spokesperson Rear Admiral John Kirby.
“Given that these operations are ongoing, we are not in a position to provide additional details at this time,” he added.
Saudi Arabia and Jordan were among countries that took part in these bombings, according to reports.
The bombings came a day before President Barack Obama was scheduled to address the UN Security Council on foreign fighters working with the ISIS in Syria and Iraq.
Also, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is arriving here later in the week for UN general assembly meetings in New York and talks with President Barrack Obama in DC.
ISIS was to figure in their talks, but now with the US attacking the terrorist outfit — which is holding Indians hostages in Mosul, Iraq — the strikes may move up their agenda.
Obama administration officials told US media that Monday’s bombings were focussed on targets — mostly buildings — in Raqqa, a Syrian city now home to ISIS.
US strikes on ISIS position in Syria were expected after President Barack Obama announced earlier this month “I have made it clear that we will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country, wherever they are.”
“That means,” he had added, “I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL (an alternate acronym for ISIS, also sometimes called just IS, for Islamic State) in Syria, as well as Iraq.”
Senior US officials have been saying for a while now that the only effective way of dealing with ISIS — destroying it, in other words — was to attack it in both Iraq and Syria.
The strategy was to first chase them out of Iraq once a more inclusive government was in place in Baghdad, denying ISIS support from disgruntled Sunnis.
Corner them in Syria then, in their so-called strongholds, such as Raqqa, said the next phase of the plan, and then hit them there with every resource available to US forces.
US military had not made available any estimates of the damage inflicted by these new expanded attacks on ISIS, but experts warned this fight was far from over yet.

Isro successfully test-fires Mangalyaan engine  all set for MarsSet for date with Mars, Mangalyaan in 'good health'
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 22, 2014
First Published: 15:50 IST(22/9/2014) | Last Updated: 05:26 IST(24/9/2014)
Indian scientists on Monday successfully tested the main engine of the country’s Mars mission spacecraft and completed a course correction that put the probe on track to enter the red planet’s orbit on September 24.
 
If successful, India will become the first country to make it to Mars in its maiden attempt, propelling it to an elite club of space race leaders. Only the US, Europe and Russia have so far sent probes that have successfully orbited or landed on the planet.
“We had a perfect burn for four seconds as programmed. The trajectory has been corrected. MOM (Mars Orbiter Mission) will now go for the nominal plan for Mars Orbit Insertion,” the Indian Space Research Organisation’s Facebook page said.
 
The liquid engine, which was dormant for 300 days, will be used with eight small thrusters during orbit entry by the spacecraft in India’s first interplanetary mission.
 
“The spacecraft is in good health. Mission controllers are going through the final round of the sequence of operations,” ISRO chairman K Radhakrishnan told HT, adding that there was a lot more to do.
Source of graphics: Isro
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be at Isro’s command centre in Bengaluru at 7.30am on September 24 to witness the mission’s last phase after the probe broke into Mars’ sphere of influence on Monday.
Read: PM to witness Mars Orbiter Insertion at ISRO facility
 
The Mangalyaan, as the spacecraft is popularly known, aims to study Mars' surface and mineral composition, and search its atmosphere for methane, a chemical strongly tied to life on earth.
Video: Mangalyaan’s real test on Sept 24: Former scientist Biman Basu?
India’s Rs. 450-crore expedition cost about a tenth of Nasa’s Mars mission Maven that entered the red planet’s orbit on Wednesday. Modi hailed the project’s low price tag in June, saying it was less than the budget of the Hollywood space movie Gravity.
 
“I hope India will consider international participation in any future missions to Mars as this mission will clearly demonstrate its capability to successfully deliver a payload to Mars and many countries would be pleased to collaborate with India,” said Mark Sims, professor of astrobiology and space instrumentation at the UK’s University of Leicester.
 
The 680-million-kilometre journey to Mars that began on November 5 last year has had its share of adventures and feats —five orbit-raising manoeuvres including a small glitch in the fourth such operation that was fixed.
 
Probes to Mars have a high failure rate and a success will boost India’s space exploration programme, especially after a similar mission by China failed to leave earth’s orbit in 2011.
 

PLA ordered to follow Xi s ordersprint
The People’s Liberation Army (PLA) should be combat ready for a regional war, President Xi Jinping has said, adding that the armed forces’ chain of command should strictly follow the central leadership’s instructions.
Addressing a closed door meeting with top PLA officers on Sunday, Xi said the armed forces should have complete faith and loyalty to the ruling Communist Party of China (CPC) leadership.
Following the meeting, the Chinese defence ministry issued a statement on Monday, stating that the PLA must follow orders issued by President Xi.
Besides being the President and the head of the Communist Party of China (CPC), Xi also heads the powerful Central Military Commission (CMC), which oversees China’s vast armed forces, the largest in the world.
“All PLA forces should follow the instructions of President Xi and update their operations to meet new goals and missions set by the CMC,” the defence ministry statement said.
It was not the first time that Xi has urged the PLA to be ready for a “regional war”, but the statement assumes significance as he said it again days after incursions by the Chinese army cast a long shadow over his three-day India visit.
In the order of things, the PLA is expected to always follow the lead from the civilian government. But Monday’s statement reiterating that fact could trigger speculation among strategists whether the chain of command leading up to Xi was, in fact, working smoothly or not.
 “Headquarters of PLA forces must have absolute loyalty and firm faith in the CPC, guarantee a smooth chain of command and make sure all decisions from the central leadership are fully implemented,” Xi was quoted as telling the officers in the meeting.
Xi then urged them to be combat ready for a “regional war”.
“Headquarters of all PLA forces should improve their combat readiness and sharpen their ability to win a regional war in the age of information technology,” he said.
Official news agency, Xinhua, quoted him as saying that the PLA should “strictly discipline themselves and the armies as well as contribute to the reform of national defence”.
The PLA chiefs of staff met in Beijing on Sunday to discuss how to improve “the efficiency of military command under new circumstances”.
Military commanders should have a better understanding of international and domestic security situations as well as the latest military development, Xi said. Meanwhile, the foreign ministry on Monday continued to play down the PLA incursion into Ladakh.
“We can say that President Xi’s visit to India has removed some of the suspicions of the two countries and pushed bilateral relations to a new age,” spokesperson, Hua Chunying said.
 “As for border issue, and whether it will influence President Xi’s visit, I want to say that this is totally unnecessary suspicion because two leaders have reached important consensus on politically resolving the border issue through a friendly mechanism. We have an effective mechanism for the border issue…and through effective communication can resolve and control disputes.”
She declined to comment on the decision by the Indian government to withdraw clearances for senior Chinese journalists who were heading to New Delhi to attend a media exchange programme.

 Asia Cheered as China s Factories Defy DoomstersYou are here: Home Market
Asia Relieved as China Flash PMI Beats Low Expectations
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 09:37 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Sydney: Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday while commodities won a break from recent selling pressure after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0.
The market had been braced for something even worse and the relief helped Chinese stocks move into the black and the Australian dollar blip higher. The Asian giant is Australia's single biggest export market and investors often use the currency as a liquid proxy for China plays.
Annette Beacher, head of Asia-Pacific research at TD Securities, noted the flash PMIs had averaged 50.9 for the third quarter, a pickup over the previous quarter's 49.6.
"After the dismal industrial production print for August, financial markets were increasingly of the view that China is slowing at a more rapid pace than desired, so today's print provides a welcome offset," said Beacher.
The Shanghai Composite Index added 0.6 per cent and the CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings bounced 0.7 per cent.
Australia's main index rallied to be up 0.5 per cent, though the best that MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan could manage was to turn flat. Japanese markets were shut for a holiday.
Hindering sentiment was news the United States and partner nations were carrying out the first air strikes against Islamic State targets in Syria, a far more complicated front in the battle against militants.
Shares had begun badly after Wall Street took a dip overnight. The Dow had ended Monday down 0.62 per cent, while the S&P 500 lost 0.8 percent and the Nasdaq 1.14 per cent.
The drop in the S&P was the biggest one-day decline since early August and was caused in part by a soft reading on US existing home sales which hit shares in building companies.
US dollar in demand
The soggy data gave a fillip to Treasuries, as did comments from New York Federal Reserve bank president William Dudley that there was still excessive slack in the economy so any increase in rates should be done cautiously.
Dudley played down the importance of the various interest rate projections of Fed members released last week which some in the market had taken as a signal of a hawkish turn.
That helped yields on two-year paper ease back to 0.553 per cent and away from a top of 0.597 hit last week.
Yields on 10-year Treasury notes dipped to 2.56 per cent, from 2.59 per cent late Friday.
Dudley also said the steady rise in the dollar could complicate the Fed's job, potentially hurting US economic performance and pushing down inflation.
The currency has been on a tear recently thanks to the diverging outlook for US rates and those in Europe and Japan, where policy is set to remain super-easy and might even be loosened further.
Measured against a basket of currencies the dollar had climbed for 10 weeks straight, the longest streak since the index was created in 1971.
On Tuesday, the dollar was taking a breather at 108.74 yen after peaking at a six-year high of 109.46 last week. The euro was hanging on at $1.2852 having been at its lowest since July last year at $1.2814.
The Australian dollar recouped just a little of its recent losses on the China survey and nudged up to $0.8893.
Likewise, gold inched higher to $1,218.04, having touched its lowest since January at $1,208.36 on Monday.
Brent crude oil for November delivery bounced 32 cents to 97.29 a barrel, having fallen sharply overnight to be uncomfortably close to its recent trough of $96.21. US crude rose 40 cents to $91.27 a barrel.
Ample supply and slowing economic growth in Europe and China had been outweighing expectations of a cut in oil output from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

China Sept factory activity edges up but employment shrinksSep 23, 2014, 08.28 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
China Sept factory activity edges up but employment shrinks
The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
China Sept factory activity edges up but employment shrinks
The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2.
Post your opinion here
 
Activity in China's manufacturing sector unexpectedly picked up in September even as factory employment slumped to a 5-1/2-year low, a survey showed on Tuesday, a potential source of worry for Communist leaders who prize social stability above all else.
The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2.
Economists polled by Reuters had expected factory growth to stall at 50, the level which separates expansion in activity from contraction, citing a further deterioration in business confidence and the rapidly cooling property market.
But a measure of employment shed more than a point to drop to 46.9, its lowest since February 2009 during the global financial crisis, when a collapse in exports threw tens of millions of Chinese out of work.
A hefty drop in employment could raise alarm bells for the Chinese government, which has indicated it will tolerate slower economic growth as long as employment is not affected.
"The picture is mixed, with new orders and new export orders registering some improvement. Meanwhile, the employment index declined further and disinflationary pressure intensified," said Qu Hongbin, an economist at HSBC.
Finance Minister Lou Jiwei said at the weekend he would not dramatically alter policy because of any one economic indicator, cooling any speculation of swift, aggressive action, but like many economists Qu said he continues to expect China will further relax its monetary policy over time.
Most Asian stock markets and the Australian dollar clawed back some of their early losses after the PMI report, while Shanghai stocks rose.
Despite a raft of stimulus measures earlier this year, the world's second-largest economy has stumbled as a slowdown in the housing market further undermined already softening domestic demand, while exports have faltered.
Worries that China was slipping into a deeper funk heightened this month when data showed factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August as growth in other key sectors also cooled.
China's urban unemployment rate was nearly 4.1 percent at the end of June, though many economists believe the real number may be much higher given its army of migrant workers.
But the employment index aside, other measures in the PMI poll fared better, which could keep Beijing's response more modest for now.
Total new orders rose, and new export orders also climbed to their highest level since March 2010.
The overall output level remained flat on the month, while output prices fell to a six-month low.
The final HSBC/Markit manufacturing PMI for the month is due on Sept. 30, while the official reading will be released on Oct. 1. The HSBC surveys covers more small to medium-sized companies, which are believed to be under far more stress than larger, state-owned firms which the official report tends to focus on.
The run of weak data has fed speculation that authorities may further loosen fiscal and monetary policies to shore up growth. The property slowdown, in particular, is expected to persist well into next year and continue weighing on demand for everything from household appliances to glass, cement and steel.
Prices for Chinese steel and iron ore futures have slumped to record lows, while oil, copper, rubber and other raw materials have also skidded on fears of slowing China demand, which is rapidly leaving the United States as the only major driver of world economic growth.
But Chinese leaders have publicly ruled out another massive stimulus programme like the one launched during the global financial crisis, which left local governments saddled with mountains of debt, encouraged excess capacity in some industries and fueled inflationary pressures.
Instead, Beijing has rolled out a series of more modest steps targeted at supporting more vulnerable sectors of the economy, while many local governments have eased curbs on property purchases in the face of sliding home prices and a sharp drop in new construction.
Premier Li Keqiang said earlier this month that China cannot rely on easy credit to fuel its economic growth, and said the country would only tweak policy in certain areas to aid activity.
Further measures are already being rolled out even as leaders publicly advise caution.
The central bank last week injected money into the country's top banks in a bid to help support the economy by keeping borrowing costs down, and media have reported this week that the "Big Four banks" plan to ease rules on mortgage lending in a move orchestrated by regulators.
RELATED NEWS

Bharti Infratel  Sharda Cropchem  Pidilite Industries in Focus TodayBharti Infratel  Sharda Cropchem  Pidilite Industries in Focus Today
Obama to meet Iraqi PM and Egyptian President in New YorkObama to meet Iraqi PM and Egyptian President in New York
Strikes in Syria may include around 20 targets  official saysStrikes in Syria may include around 20 targets  official says
BUY  or  SELL  ideas from experts for Tuesday  23 September 2014BUY  or  SELL  ideas from experts for Tuesday  23 September 2014
Siemens Splurges $7.6 Bn on Dresser-Rand In Shale Market BetSiemens Splurges $7.6 Bn on Dresser-Rand In Shale Market Bet
Dalmia Bharat Sugar and Industries: Outcome of AGMSep 22, 2014, 09.22 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dalmia Bharat Sugar and Industries: Outcome of AGM
Dalmia Bharat Sugar and Industries has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on August 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dalmia Bharat Sugar and Industries: Outcome of AGM
Dalmia Bharat Sugar and Industries has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on August 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Dalmia Bharat Sugar and Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on August 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Social media has changed political discourse like never beforeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BSE to take appropriate action on SEBIs order in NMDC caseNew Delhi, September 19, 2014
Updated: September 19, 2014 15:12 IST
BSE to take ‘appropriate action’ on SEBI’s order in NMDC case
PTI
Reuters Leading stock exchange BSE on Friday said it will take “appropriate action” in the matter of market regulator SEBI censuring the bourse for allegedly flouting norms during the offer for sale (OFS) of state-owned NMDC.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Leading stock exchange BSE on Friday said it will take “appropriate action” in the matter of market regulator SEBI censuring the bourse for allegedly flouting norms during the offer for sale (OFS) of state-owned NMDC.
“Currently, our team is studying the order and we will take appropriate action,” BSE Managing Director and CEO Ashish Kumar Chauhan said at the sidelines of an Assocham event in New Delhi.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), last week, pulled up the BSE for failing to comply with prevailing norms for an OFS issue by NMDC in 2012.
The regulator also asked the exchange to appoint an independent consultant to review the sequence of events at the time of the OFS and suggest ‘remedial’ action.
The issue relates to BSE’s decision to accept bids for 4.55 crore shares after the deadline.
On 12 December 2012, the promoters of NMDC had offered to sell 39.65 crore shares through the OFS mechanism of BSE and the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
After the closure of the share sale that day at 3.30 pm, SEBI had sought bid data from the two exchanges, to which BSE first stated that the final cumulative bids received at its platform were for 29.91 crore shares.
In another intimation to SEBI later that evening, BSE revised the figures upward by 4.55 crore shares to state that the final cumulative bids received by it were for 34.47 crore shares. Subsequently, Sebi sought clarification from BSE about the huge difference between the two figures.
The market watchdog alleged that even though bids were placed by the custodian Citibank NA within the cutoff time, the transfer of funds to the clearing corporation had taken place only at 5.09 pm on December 12, 2012, and the bids were confirmed between 6.22 pm and 6.31 pm.
According to norms, the placing of orders and funds on the exchange system in an OFS should take place during the trading hours only.

Gold tumbles  dips to over 3-month low on global cuesReuters Gold prices tumbled by Rs. 440 to hit over three-month low of Rs. 27,010 per ten gram in the national capital today on heavy selling by stockists, triggered by a weakening global trend.
TOPICS
Gold prices tumbled by Rs. 440 to hit over three-month low of Rs. 27,010 per ten gram in the national capital today on heavy selling by stockists, triggered by a weakening global trend.
Besides, sluggish demand and subdued global cues also weighed on the precious metal prices.
Silver also fell for the third day and shed another Rs. 100 to Rs. 40,900 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said sentiment turned weak largely in tandem with a weak trend overseas where gold fell to 8-month low after the Federal Reserve raised its interest-rate forecasts this week, strengthening the dollar, reduced the metal demand.
Gold in London, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell by 0.2 per cent to $1,222.71 an ounce and silver by 0.1 per cent to $18.51 an ounce.
Sluggish domestic demand in view of ongoing “Sharadh”, considered to be an inauspicious fortnight for making new purchases, also dampened the sentiment, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs. 440 each to Rs. 27,010 and Rs. 26,810 per ten gram respectively, a level last seen on June 9.
Sovereign, however, moved in a tight range on lack of buying support and settled at last level of Rs 24,400 per piece of eight gram.
Silver ready traded lower by Rs. 100 to Rs. 40,900 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs. 260 to Rs. 40,810 per kg. The white metal had lost Rs. 600 in the previous two sessions.
Silver coins dropped by Rs. 1,000 to Rs. 70,000 for buying and Rs. 71,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Nifty enters trading range again: Sukhani20 September 2014
Saturday
Choppy market on Friday tells us markets have not given follow through on Thursday gains; Nifty has support around 8050 and resistance at 8150
The Nifty is back inside a trading range – in fact the same range where it spent a lot of time before breaking down. Support comes in at 8050 and resistance at 8150. Inside this range, not much of opportunities will come about. Bank Nifty is now trading near the resistance. PSU Banks are outperforming the Banking Sector and offering us a position buying. Trend is very strong in CNX IT. Prices have rallied approx 300 points in last 3 trading days. Look for a buying opportunity in IT stocks.
We have NICKEL in METAL SECTION. Trend is now down as prices broken below the consolidation. We will discuss the possible support levels for Nickel. We have OIL in Sector Focus. A minor correction is over and we may see another upside rally in OIL Stocks. Stock in focus includes ASIANPAINTS, CIPLA, ITC and TECH M. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss EUR INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Sierra Leone On Lockdown For Second DaySierra Leone On Lockdown For Second Day In Attempt To Contain Ebola
Posted:
Updated:
09/21/2014 12:59 pm EDT
A health worker volunteer talks with a resident on how to prevent and identify the Ebola virus in others, and distributes bars of soap in Freetown, Sierra Leone, Saturday, Sept. 20, 2014. | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
FREETOWN, Sierra Leone (AP) — Some in Sierra Leone ran away from their homes Saturday and others clashed with health workers trying to bury dead Ebola victims as the country struggled through the second day of an unprecedented lockdown to combat the deadly disease.
Despite these setbacks, officials said most of Sierra Leone's 6 million people were complying with orders to stay at home as nearly 30,000 volunteers and health care workers fanned out across the country to distribute soap and information on how to prevent Ebola.
The virus, spread by contact with bodily fluids, has killed more than 560 people in Sierra Leone and more than 2,600 in West Africa since the outbreak began last December, according to the World Health Organization. It is killing about half of the people it infects.
A health worker volunteer marks a home with chalk to identify that it has been visited, as they distribute bars of soap and information about Ebola in Freetown, Sierra Leone, Saturday, Sept. 20, 2014.
The streets of the capital, Freetown, were empty Saturday except for the four-person teams going door to door with kits bearing soap, cards listing Ebola symptoms, stickers to mark houses visited and a tally to record suspected cases.
Among the volunteers was Idrissa Kargbo, a well-known marathoner who has qualified for races on three continents but whose training and career have been stymied by the outbreak.
Although early responses to the disease have been marred by suspicion of health workers, Freetown residents on Saturday seemed grateful for any information they could get, Kargbo told The Associated Press.
"Some people are still denying, but now when you go to almost any house they say, 'Come inside, come and teach us what we need to do to prevent,'" Kargbo said. "Nobody is annoyed by us."
Idrissa Kargbo, Sierra Leone's national marathon champion, helps volunteers distribute information on Ebola in Freetown, Sierra Leone.
Sierra Leone's government is clearly hoping the lockdown will help turn the tide against the disease which the U.N. health agency estimates will take many months to eradicate in the country. In a speech before the lockdown, President Ernest Bai Koroma said "the survival and dignity of each and every Sierra Leonean" was at stake.
The strategy has drawn criticism, however. The charity group Doctors Without Borders warned it would be "extremely difficult for health workers to accurately identify cases through door-to-door screening."
Even if suspected cases are identified during the lockdown, the group said Sierra Leone doesn't have enough beds to treat them.
In a district 20 kilometers (12 miles) east of Freetown, police were called in Saturday to help a burial team that came under attack by residents as they were trying to bury the bodies of five Ebola victims, Sgt. Edward Momoh Brima Lahai said.
A health worker volunteer talks with residents on how to prevent and identify the Ebola virus in others, and distributes bars of soap in Freetown, Sierra Leone, Saturday, Sept. 20, 2014.
A witness told state television the burial team initially had to abandon the five bodies in the street and flee. Lahai said later the burials were successfully completed after police reinforcements arrived. The bodies of Ebola victims are very contagious and must be buried by special teams.
In northern Sierra Leone, health worker Lamin Unisa Camara said Saturday he had received reports that some residents had run away from their homes to avoid being trapped inside during the lockdown.
"People were running from their houses to the bush. Without wasting time, I informed the chief in charge of the area," said Camara, who was working in the town of Kambia.
Several health care workers and volunteers complained that supply kits were delivered late, preventing their teams from starting on time.
Police guard a roadblock as Sierra Leone government enforces a three day lock down on movement of all people in an attempt to fight the Ebola virus in Freetown, Sierra Leone, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014.
But Kargbo, the marathoner, said his team was on track to meet its goal of visiting 60 households by the end of the lockdown Sunday. He said the effort would be worth it if the outbreak is shortened even a little.
Other Freetown residents, however, were having trouble making it through the three days.
"The fact is that we were not happy with the three days, but the president declared that we must sit home," said Abdul Koroma, the father of nine children in Freetown.
"I want to go and find (something) for my children eat, but I do not have the chance," he said.
An empty local market area is seen, as Sierra Leone government enforces a three day lock-down on movement of all people in a attempt to fight the Ebola virus, in Freetown, Sierra Leone, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014.
__
Youssouf Bah in Kambia, Sierra Leone, Michael Duff and Kabba Kargbo in Freetown, Sierra Leone, and Robbie Corey-Boulet in Abidjan, Ivory Coast, contributed to this report.
Related on HuffPost:

Egypt s President Says Will Give Any Support Needed In Fight Against ISISEl-Sissi: Egypt Will Give Any Support Required In Fight Against ISIS
 | By HAMZA HENDAWI and IAN PHILLIPS and LEE KEATH
Posted:
Updated:
11/20/2014  5:59 am EST
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi waits for a meeting with US Secretary of State John Kerry at the presidential palace in Cairo September 13, 2014. (BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images) | BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI via Getty Images
reddit
CAIRO (AP) — Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi is feeling vindicated by the world's alarm over Islamic extremism that is fueling wars and bloodshed across the Middle East.
The former army general has faced widespread international criticism for his ouster last year of Egypt's first freely elected president and his ferocious crackdown on Islamists that has killed more than 1,000 and imprisoned more than 20,000. A year later, after el-Sissi's election as president, his critics fear he is leading his country into autocracy, with pro-democracy dissenters jailed or silenced.
But in an interview with The Associated Press — his first with the foreign media since he took office in June — el-Sissi insists all his actions were to combat militancy and save the country from civil war. He said Egypt is a model for fighting terrorism and that the U.S.-led coalition to fight the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria should take note.
"More than a year ago, I warned that the region was heading to great danger from extremist thought," he said. "It didn't receive proper attention until the events in Iraq took place and the Islamic State swept over the Iraqi-Syrian borders."
His approach, however, has raised concerns over the potential for democracy in Egypt.
El-Sissi  and his supporters effectively group the Muslim Brotherhood — an organization that won repeated elections over the past three years — as equivalent to hardline militant groups wreaking havoc from Libya to Iraq. They accuse the Brotherhood of being behind violence in Egypt. The Brotherhood denies that, saying it is merely an excuse for el-Sissi to wipe out a political rival. Secular activists say the government uses the fight against terrorism as a reason to silence any criticism.
Washington is looking for support by Arab nations for its strategy to strike the Islamic State group. But at the same time, it has been critical of Egypt's crackdown on Islamists, withdrawing some military aid and straining a longtime alliance. El-Sissi makes his first visit to the United States as president to attend the U.N. General Assembly in the coming week. So far there are no plans for talks with President Barack Obama.
El-Sissi said he is ready to help the U.S.-led coalition. Asked if Egypt might provide airspace access or logistical support for airstrikes, he said, "We are completely committed to giving support. We will do whatever is required."
But he appeared to rule out sending troops, saying Iraq's military is strong enough to fight the militants and that "it's not a matter of ground troops from abroad."
Most importantly, he said, extremism across the region must be tackled — not just the Islamic State. He warned that the greatest danger came from foreign fighters flooding into the region's conflicts, saying they will eventually return to their home countries — including in Europe — and spread extremism there. He said they "must be prevented" from entering the region.
He said Egypt and Algeria were cooperating "to restore stability in Libya," but would not comment on reports Egypt had cooperated in airstrikes on militants in the North African nation. He confirmed for the first time that two deadly attacks on Egyptian troops in its western desert were carried out by militants who crossed into Egypt from Libya.
He said any strategy must also deal with the causes of militancy by fighting poverty, improving education and moderating religious discourse. "When all that happens together, it will bring a decisive result."
His comments seemed a contradiction: So far, Egypt's main approach has been the heavy-handed crushing of Islamists, along with other critics, bringing it international condemnation.
But the comments also pointed to a characteristic the career military intelligence officer has shown ever since he rose to prominence by ousting Islamist President Mohammed Morsi in July 2013: A self-confidence that he can dramatically change Egypt and that others will fall in line. His government is planning economic reforms that would reduce massive subsidies for fuel and foodstuffs and, he says, funnel the money instead into education and health.
El-Sissi said Egyptians set an example for the region, saying they had supported the Brotherhood and elected them to power but then turned against them after Morsi's year in office. He said Egyptians realized that the idea of political Islam advocated by the Brotherhood "won't work in Egypt." Millions joined protests against Morsi, leading to his ouster.
If he had not stepped in to remove Morsi and the Brotherhood, Egypt "would be like all the countries that now suffer from widespread violence, internal conflicts and civil wars," he said, referring to Syria, Libya and Iraq.
In the face of criticism over a range of human rights concerns, el-Sissi argued that the need to establish security in Egypt — where Islamic militants have waged a campaign of violence — and repair the economy took priority. Rights groups have condemned a draconian law last year that effectively bans protests by requiring a police permit. Several democracy advocates have been handed long prison sentences under the law.
"I would never say that what is happening in Egypt is ideal," he said. "Of course, I want there to be a very large degree of freedom. But we want to do that without hurting our nation. Our nation is in very difficult circumstances. You see what's going on in the region," he said.
He argued the number of arrests was not high, saying "security agencies have shown great patience." The protest law, he said, was the same as ones in Europe that require police permits. Egyptian police, however, rarely give permission for gatherings.
Justifying the past year's crackdown, he said the Brotherhood had "chosen confrontation." But he said followers of the group could participate in politics in the future if they renounce violence. Parliamentary elections are to be held by the end of the year, he said. The Brotherhood and its political party, however, have been banned.
"To anyone who doesn't use violence, Egypt is very forgiving," he said. "The chance for participation is there."
He also said he cannot interfere with the judiciary in the case of three journalists from Al-Jazeera English television who have been sentenced to seven years in prison over terrorism-related charges. Their trial was dismissed by human rights groups as a farce, and their convictions brought heavy international criticism.
"If I had been in charge at the time, I never would have let the issue go so far. I would have deported them," he said — though one of the three is Egypt. But he said that if Egypt is to have an independent judiciary, "We can't accept criticism or comment" on court rulings.
He did not address whether he would pardon the three after the appeals process is finished.
The three journalists — Australian Peter Greste, Canadian-Egyptian Mohamed Fahmy and Egyptian Baher Mohammed — were convicted of promoting or belonging to the Brotherhood and of falsifying their coverage of protests by Morsi's supporters to hurt Egypt's security.
But the three said they were arrested for simply doing their job. During the trial, prosecutors presented no evidence any footage was falsified, simply presenting news reports of protests as evidence.
More:

A peek at Chennais living heritageUpdated: September 21, 2014 17:31 IST
A peek at Chennai’s ‘living’ heritage
Geeta Padmanabhan
The Hindu Murugavel educating kids about the city's ecospots
TOPICS
Chennai
The city may seem like a concrete jungle, but it does boast of quite a few natural ecosystems that sustain a variety of flora and fauna
What does the word “heritage” mean to you? Buildings, monuments, title, property…? Chennai has a “living” heritage — “living” as in moving, crawling, flying, breathing, growing non-human denizens — said members of the Madras Naturalists Club, who organised an expo to prove it. Their two-day “Eco-spot Expo” had photographs, a 10-minute film, maps of eco-spots, and presentations by experts on the subject.
Revere bio-diversity, said “Pavai” Bhanumathi, pinpointing the diverse habitats Chennai boasts of. To the well-known eco-spots of Guindy National Park, Nanmangalam Reserve, Adyar Poonga and Vandalur Zoo she added the lesser-known ones like Madhavaram Jheel, the ECR/OMR coasts and the campuses of the Madras Christian College, Theosophical Society, Women’s Christian College and Presidency College. “If St. Thomas Mount has helicopter trees, Kalakshetra has 260 species of animals,” she said. Chennai's wildlife has lost many of the species found in the 80s, she rued. Where is Usilamaram (Albizia amara) whose seeds were made into arapu podi, a natural soap-powder? The mole cricket (pillai poochi)? Magar (crocodiles)? Varieties of rice? Sharing rare pictures of creatures she has spotted — civet/toddy-cats to tree geckos, she appealed: celebrate creatures around you, be they millipedes and centipedes that churn soil or squirrels and birds that disperse seeds.
Did you know Vedanthangal means “hamlet of the hunter”?” asked Dr. Murugavel discussing the two dedicated sanctuaries bird-lovers flock to. He told his student audience how a campaign started by villagers to protect the birds in the “hunting hamlet” in 1798 ended in the lake being declared a sanctuary in 1972, after a series of government steps. Pulicat sanctuary that straddles two states is a brackish-water lagoon, known for its birds, crabs and prawns, he said. The bird numbers and bird visitors — flamingos, storks and pelicans – make it a place that deserves utmost care, he argued.
Institutional habitats (office/school/factory) must be protected from callousness and apathy, said Preston Ahimaz, one of the people behind Adyar Poonga's transformation. Any place with tree cover and water is a habitat, and if you leave it undisturbed, without pesticides, creatures will stay. Once a 55-acre dump, Adyar Poonga now invites 100 bird varieties and 28 species of fish. Despite the pollution, birds do come to roost in Chennai's rich forest/riverine/coastal habitats.
But when you fragment forested areas to erect memorials with manicured lawns and exotic shrubs, these are, alas, lost. Fortunately, many educational institutions (MCC, IIT-Prakruthi) now make concerted efforts to preserve the rich environment on campus.
Industrial houses may be the last resort for our wildlife, he said, citing the very scientific efforts made by the TVS group to maintain their wooded wealth. But it is us who should assume the role of custodians of heritage.
Three rivers (Kortalaiyar, Cooum and Adyar) flow through Chennai, bringing with them rich bio-diversity said marine biologist, T. D. Babu. And Chennai's coast, running from Thiruvallur in the north to Kancheepuram in south has its own ecology. Mangroves, sand-dunes, sandy beaches, swamps, lakes and ponds that form the water habitats are severely degraded, he warned. Water-bodies have vanished; rivers are synonymous with sewage drains, toxic leach from garbage dumps poisons groundwater. Why do we see dogs on the beach? It is not a dog habitat, he pointed out. It’s because we throw food around.
South coastal Chennai was once known as Amaiyur. Sea turtles control growth of sea grass, and eat jellyfish that kill other fish. Protecting their habitat is protecting the fish. So, when you're on the beach, don't look for bajji and ice-cream; instead follow fiddler crabs, watch ghost crabs burrow themselves in, enjoy the stunning patterns sea creatures make on the sand, look for sand balls, and ask fishermen why they collect worms to feed shrimps. We need collective action to preserve our coastal wealth, he said.
Young environment crusader Vikas Madhav introduced the audience to what he saw and captured in pictures at GNP and Nanmangalam Reserve, adding notes about their habits. Patience paid off, he said, in efforts to click albino blackbuck to pangolins, marbled spiders to rare butterflies. Step into your backyard and observe wildlife there, he suggested.
“The city's myriad eco-systems present a kaleidoscope of flora and fauna forming an inheritance that is matchless,” said organiser Vijay. “We should sensitise people to the importance of preserving them.”

Jan Dhan : National Payment Corp Scrambles to Issue RuPay CardsKisan Vikas Patra Vs Bank FD: What You Should Know
Mumbai: Although close to 4 crore bank accounts have been opened under the Jan Dhan Yojana so far, there is a huge backlog in the issuance of the Rupay cards by the National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI), the sole issuer of ATM cards for these new accounts.
Over the weekend, Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu had said that banks had opened 4 crore accounts so far and mobilised about Rs 3,700 crore as deposits in these accounts.
"Although the number of accounts opened are very high, about 20 lakh (RuPay) cards have been issued so far," National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI) managing director and chief executive A P Hota told PTI.
There is a lag in production of cards which usually requires three weeks to get cleared, according to Mr Hota.
"Personalisation (of cards) takes time because the name has to be embossed on the card. This is such a big order coming all of a sudden. Nobody expected that in one go so many accounts will be opened," he said.
However, he said the backlogs are likely to be cleared in next three weeks.
The scheme was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on August 28 with an aim to boost financial inclusion.
Under the Jan Dhan scheme, account holders will get an overdraft facility of Rs 5,000. They would also be provided with RuPay debit cards and Rs 1 lakh accident insurance cover.
The government has envisaged to provide bank accounts to 7.5 crore people by January 26.
Story first published on: September 21, 2014 17:32 (IST)

GOTHAM: 5 Bat Takeaways from the new Fox seriesThe new series “Gotham” will begin to unveil its rogues’ gallery of villains Monday night. Wearing a badge will be Harvey Bullock (Donal Logue) and Jim Gordon (Ben McKenzie), center. (courtesy of Fox TV)
CAN A BATMAN television show without Batman be the small screen’s next superhero hit?
This is a golden age for comic-book-inspired television. The success of the CW’s “Arrow” has spawned more shows that leap from the favorite pages of fanboys. Soon we’ll see the Flash racing through Central City (“The Flash” will also air on the CW); “Constantine” will be on NBC; Netflix is planning multiple Marvel live-action shows; and Supergirl is on track to take to the air on CBS.
But there’s a key commonality: All those shows will have their lead hero suited up, more or less.
“Gotham” (which has its series debut Monday night at 8 on Fox) is trying to tell fans that the story leading up to Batman’s creation is just as important as the Dark Knight himself. Is this something Bat-fans want to see?
Securing the rights to so many fixtures of the Bat-universe was a big move for Fox. But with Ben Affleck making his multi-picture debut as Batman in the feature-film franchise, there was no way Warner Bros./DC Comics was going to let a TV Batman seem too similar to the big-screen Dark Knight. So can Batman’s supporting cast — Gotham City’s young police force and those who would soon be his enemies — carry this show without anyone in a Bat-suit?
The suits at Fox seem to think so. They’re betting that we want to see transformations occur among Batman’s future foes. Few superheroes, of course, have a better rogues’ gallery than Batman. But is fascination with those rogues enough to keep us tuned in — to see what led them to the point of deviance? In our quest to find out, here are Comic Riffs’ Five Takeaways from the “Gotham” pilot (minor spoilers ahead):
1. More Gordon then Wayne
Out of the gate, this show is more “Gordon Begins” than “Batboy Begins.” The murder of Bruce Wayne’s parents is “Gotham’s” first pivotal moment, naturally. And young Bruce (played by David Mazouz) has key scenes in the pilot. But don’t expect to see Bruce doing sit-ups in a cave under his manor any time soon. “Gotham” depicts life as seen through the eyes of an inexperienced Jim Gordon (Ben McKenzie), a cop who refuses to let the corruption around him (that of criminals and his colleagues) change the man he is. “Gotham’s success could depend on whether fans are interested in McKenzie’s portrayal of Gordon’s rise through the ranks on the GCPD.
Fox's "Gotham" serves as a prequel to "Batman"with younger versions of many of the characters, including police commissioner John Gordon, played by Ben McKenzie. Director Danny Cannon annotated this scene between Gordon and crime boss Carmine Falcone, played by John Doman. (Jayne Orenstein/The Washington Post)
2. A couple of old favorites
Those who grew up watching “Batman: The Animated Series” will be happy to know that two of Gotham’s top cops are on the show: Harvey Bullock (Donal Logue) and Renee Montoya (Victoria Cartagena). Don’t expect the same fun-loving Bullock, though. In “Gotham,” Bullock comes off as a cop who has on a corrupt police force in aa corrupt city for so long, it can be hard to tell whose side he’s on when — and whether he plays both sides of cops and robbers because he wants to, or because he feels as though he has to.
It’s also enjoyable to watch Bullock give orders to a young Jim Gordon (who is Bullock’s partner while working on the Wayne murder case), since we all know who Gordon will become one day.
Montoya and Bullock aren’t partners here; In “Gotham,” they can barely stand each other. And watch for Montoya’s interesting connection to another key player on “Gotham.”
3. Riddle me this
Of all of Batman’s eventual foes who star in “Gotham,” which one got a start on the Gotham police force (on this show, anyway)? You guessed it: Edward Nygma (Cory Michael Smith), the eventual Riddler (and yes, as in “E-Nigma”). But on this show, don’t expect a straight-arrow cop who suddenly goes bad after falling into a batch of riddle magazines. Nygma has issues from the get-go, showing a twisted glee in knowing all the answers others don’t. On a police force that’s questionable from the beginning, he looms as the most questionable.
4. Don’t call him Penguin
As “Gotham” begins, Oswald Cobblepot (Robin Taylor) is far from the mob boss he’s known to be on the pages of Bat-books. He has aspirations to get to the top of the criminal world, but considering how much he’s teased, it doesn’t look as though that will be happening any time soon.
5. More meow than roar — for now
Selina Kyle (Carmen Bicondova) is another familiar face on “Gotham,” but unlike the other rogues, she’s just a kid here — not looking even old enough to be a Teen Titan. We get plenty of hints of her feline future with her nimble acrobatics on rooftopsm and plenty of pickpocketing to survive the Gotham streets. Whether she will grow to be friend or foe, it’s way too early to tell.

NSE Chief Woos China s Financial Institutions  Stock ExchangesMCX to Offer 1.72 Lakh Stock Options to Employees
Beijing: As China looks to step up its investments in India after President Xi Jinping's first visit, India is wooing major Chinese financial institutions like the sovereign wealth funds, which can potentially invest billions of dollars in the lucrative Indian stock market.
"If you look at the Asia story, economies like India are definitely a significant piece of economic growth in this entire sub-continent. It makes a lot of rational sense for them to think about India," Chitra Ramakrishna, MD and CEO of the National Stock Exchange (NSE), said making a case for Chinese firms to begin investing in Indian stock markets.
A lot of bilateral discussions have taken place between the two countries in this regard, she said.
One of the bilateral meetings she had was with the Shenzhen stock exchange president and CEO Liping Song.
"We are working with the Chinese specifically to see if there are any road blocks. Prima-facie the whole foreign institutional framework in India is very welcoming," Ms Chitra told PTI in an interview.
Ms Chitra was here on a visit to attend a key conference in which she spoke on the 'role of stock exchanges in China's financial reform'.
She was replying to a question on whether China is getting interested to explore opportunities to allow big sovereign wealth funds like the China Investment Corporation (CIC) which is sitting on a corpus of over $650 billion to invest in India.
"It is beginning to happen especially with high-level dialogue between the two countries. The high-level dialogue always triggers more broad based interest in countries. This will start to happen," she said, replying to a question about prospects of Chinese investments in Indian stock markets which showed signs of bouncing back in recent months.
During the just concluded visit of Xi to India, China has committed to invest $20 billion in two industrial parks as well as in the modernisation of Indian Railways.
"In terms of India's growth story and the new set of economic growth parameters set out by the new government, the appetite for new investment is tremendous," she said.
"The kind of returns the Indian markets can offer is always on the upper quartile compared to most destinations in Asia. So it is a good diversification for Chinese investments to think about investments in India," she said.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 12:31 (IST)

Tax Benefits to Help FPIs Adopt High Frequency Trading in Big Way: ExpertsThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
New Delhi: As a liberal tax regime kicks in for overseas investors from next fiscal year, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) are expected to expand their activities in Indian markets by using the high-frequency trading technology, according to experts.
High frequency trading, also known as algorithmic trading or algo-trading), refers to the automated execution of trades on the stock markets through pre-programmed software platforms installed on servers. The same is becoming popular in India.
While currently only a few FPIs have adopted algo-trading, many more are expected to take it up, consultancy PwC said.
To improve ease of doing business and for better regulatory oversight, capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) created a new FPI category after pooling together different categories of overseas investors such as FIIs, their sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors (QFIs).
According to PwC, there has been low FPI participation in algo-trades so far, mainly because of the ambiguity related to characterisation of their income as 'business income' or 'capital gains'.
"If their income is treated as business income, FPIs could have been taxable at 40 per cent on a net income basis," PwC executive director Suresh Swamy said.
"Due to high volume of transactions usually carried on by algo-funds, there was a possibility of that their income would be characterised as business income."
However, with government accounting in the Budget 2014-15 that the income arising from transactions conducted by FPIs would be classified as capital gains with effect from April 1, 2015, many more investors are likely to take to algo-trading.
"This means FPI's long term capital gains earned on transfer of securities on which securities transaction tax is paid will be exempt from tax," Mr Swamy said.
"While short term capital gains are taxable at 15 per cent."
As per Sebi's latest data there are nearly 8,400 registered FPIs in the country. FPIs have poured in a total of $204.64 billion so far into the economy and are one of the largest drivers of Indian stock markets. According to the government, necessary amendments to the norms for treating FPI income as capital gains would be made with effect from April 1, 2015.
Under the proposed amendments, any security held by FPI which would be treated as capital asset only so that any income arising from transfer of such security by FPI would be in the nature of capital gain. There is no tax on long-term capital gains while short term capital gains are taxable at the rate of 15 per cent.
The proposed move by the government would also encourage their fund managers to shift to India.
Algo-trading norms to prevent systemic risks caused by use of such systems have been in place since 2012. These norms require bourses to ensure that all such orders are routed through broker servers located in India and that appropriate risk-control mechanism are in place.
"Since there is no human intervention, algo-trading is usually faster and more efficient than manual trades placed by traders."
Story first published on: September 21, 2014 19:23 (IST)

Malinga shock for Sri Lanka ahead of World CupMore
Malinga to have ankle surgery in Australia
If there are no complications during the arthroscopic procedure or recovery, Malinga is expected to return to full intensity at training in mid-January.
By Andrew Fidel Fernando | ESPNcricinfo –  Sun 21 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Lasith Malinga has suggested Sri Lanka would be wise to groom another bowler as a World Cup failsafe as he prepares to undergo surgery on Monday that will keep him out for around 16 weeks. Malinga consulted his orthopaedic surgeon in Melbourne on Sunday, and decided his long-term ankle complaint had degenerated to an extent that it required surgery.
If there are no complications during the arthroscopic procedure or recovery, Malinga is expected to return to full intensity at training in mid-January, giving him around a month of practice before Sri Lanka play the World Cup curtain-raiser against New Zealand on February 14. Sri Lanka's selectors remain hopeful that he will be available for at least some of the seven ODIs Sri Lanka are scheduled to play against New Zealand in January.
Lasith Malinga will be in a race against time to be fit for the World Cup. (Getty Images)
Malinga will undergo a three-dimensional CT scan before going under the knife on Monday and is wary that the surgery could put his World Cup plans in disarray. "I will do everything I can to be back for the World Cup," Malinga said. "But I think it would be good for us to give a young bowler a few opportunities in the meantime, so that we can at least have someone prepared."
The surgery will aim to "clean up" a joint in his ankle, Sri Lanka physio Steve Mount said. "It has been a long-term issue for Lasith, and he's had chronic pain there for some time," Mount said. "It's a regular complaint for fast bowlers, but it has reached a stage where his ankle didn't respond how it previously has done to methods like cortisone injections and load monitoring.
"If everything follows the normal recovery time, he could be a chance to play in some of those New Zealand one-dayers, but we'll also be careful not to rush him back."
Malinga will recover for around 10 days in Australia before returning to Sri Lanka. He had been expensive in his last two ODI series, against Pakistan and South Africa, when he was also clocked at consistently lower speeds than he had been bowling at in the past. He said the pain in his ankle had caused the dip in form.
"When you have a problem in the ankle you land on in your bowling stride, it affects the pace and also the control," Malinga said. "I did my best, but I couldn't put as much strain on it as I usually do."
Concerns over the state of his ankle had been raised when it failed to respond to a cortisone injection on September 5. However, he played the Champions League qualifiers for Mumbai Indians on his own prerogative, SLC's cricket operations manager Carlton Bernardus said.
The surgery will be carried out by Dr. David Young, who has previously treated Malinga for a separate injury on his right knee, which has prevented him from playing Test cricket since 2010.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Protein therapy may stop cancer from spreadingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shashi Kapoor hospitalised due to chest infectionCelebrity
Shashi Kapoor hospitalised due to chest infection
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Mon 22 Sep, 2014 12:44 AM IST
Recommend
Print
Mumbai, Sep 22 (IANS) Veteran actor Shashi Kapoor was admitted to the Kokilaben hospital here Sunday, his doctor said. The actor is now stable.
Born as Balbir Raj Prithviraj Kapoor, Shashi Kapoor commenced his career in films in the early 1940s. He appeared as a child artiste in AAG (1948) and AWAARA (1951); and in both these films he played ... more 
Born as Balbir Raj Prithviraj Kapoor, Shashi Kapoor commenced his career in films in the early 1940s. He appeared as a child artiste in AAG (1948) and AWAARA (1951); and in both these films he played the younger version of Raj Kapoor. less 
1 / 13
Description Toggle
1 - 13 / 13
"He had chest infection. He is now on antibiotics, but is stable right now," Ram Narain, executive director at the Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani hospital told IANS.
The tile will later be installed at the UTV Stars' Walk of the Stars at the Bandra Bandstand
1 / 9
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Mon 11 Nov, 2013 8:30 AM IST
Description Toggle
1 - 9 / 9
Shashi Kapoor, 76, is known for his films like "Awaara", "Deewar", "Satyam Shivam Sundaram", "Kabhie Kabhie" among others.
Today on Yahoo
Salman Khan Introduces New Girlfriend Iulia Vantur To Family
Salman Khan is the single eligible bachelor of Bollywood who seems to have finally taken a step towards marriage, at the age of 49!Salman Khan, even though he hosts the most controversial show Bigg Boss, has himself lived a controversial life. Right from his patch-ups to break-ups to his court cases and still ruling many hearts, Salman Khan finally announced his relationship with one of his rumoured girlfriend Iulia Vantur. ... …
Yahoo Movies Review: Happy Ending
Why would you call the film a spoof (the filmmakers went hoarse telling us that ‘Happy Ending’ is a spoof on romantic comedies), if it is going to follow every predictable turn and twist of a typical Bollywood rom-com, the very format you are attempting to parody? …
Candid Photos Shared By Salman Khan On Arpita Khan’s Wedding
The lavish Khan wedding has wrapped up, but the curiosity of Salman Khan fans to see what happened is on a high. Keeping away from the media, the Khans tried to keep it private and personal, but still media managed to get the bits of inside the wedding of Arpita Khan and Aayush Sharma. After Salman Khan posted the candid pictures of the celebrations on his Facebook account, here we bring you the many emotions of the Khans in their darling princess, Arpita’s wedding. ... …
Salman Khan’s Sister Arpita Khan’s Star Studded Reception
After the wedding extravagance at the royal Taj Falaknuma Palace in Hyderabad, Salman Khan arranged for a grandeur reception in Mumbai for the newly-weds Arpita Khan Sharma and Aayush Sharma. The reception held at Taj Land Ends on 21st saw many big shot celebrities of the industry. Though the wedding was expected to see many celebs, which did not happen may be of their busy schedules. But, Arpita Khan Sharma and Aayush Sharma’s reception was all glittered with the presence of top, legendary and …

Rupee falls after 4 days  closes at 60.82 levelForex update: Rupee falls after four days to 60.82 level
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 20:33 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Monday closed one paisa down at 60.82 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market on alternate bouts of demand and supply, snapping a four-day rising trend.
In lacklustre trade, the rupee commenced lower at 60.85 against the American unit from its previous close of 60.81 . It was trapped in a range of 60.7425 and 60.88 before concluding at 60.82, showing a minor fall of one paisa.
In the previous four days, the domestic unit had risen by 32 paise.
The dollar index was down 0.04 per cent against its major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said, "Rupee traded in a thin range and ended flat. Rupee is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.30 to 61.30."
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Monday washed out  initial sharp losses and gained 116.32 points to end at two-week high.
Foreign  Institutional Investors (FIIs) bought shares worth US $18.48 million  last Friday, as per data released by the Securities and Exchange Board  of India (Sebi).

MCX gets time till Nov 2 to appoint new MD CEOSep 22, 2014, 09.30 PM IST  | Source: PTI
MCX gets time till Nov 2 to appoint new MD & CEO
The MD & CEO post has been lying vacant since the first week of May this year when Manoj Vaish resigned citing health reasons. At present, MCX's Executive Vice president P K Singhal has been given the charge of MD.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX gets time till Nov 2 to appoint new MD & CEO
The MD & CEO post has been lying vacant since the first week of May this year when Manoj Vaish resigned citing health reasons. At present, MCX's Executive Vice president P K Singhal has been given the charge of MD.
Post your opinion here
 
Commodity bourse  MCX has got time till November 2 to appoint a new Managing Director and CEO. In a filing to the BSE, MCX said: "...we have received letter...dated 22nd September from our regulator FMC informing their approval for extension of time for a period of two months till 2nd November 2014, for appointment of MD and CEO of the exchange".
The MD & CEO post has been lying vacant since the first week of May this year when Manoj Vaish resigned citing health reasons. At present, MCX's Executive Vice president P K Singhal has been given the charge of MD.
MCX has called its annual general meeting tomorrow where shareholders' approval would be sought to appoint Singhal as Joint-Managing Director. Vaish had joined MCX on February 1, replacing Shreekant Javalgekar, who stepped down following the Rs 5,600-crore payment crisis at FTIL's subsidiary National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), which surfaced in July.
Earlier this month, the regulator had said that MCX would be allowed to roll out contracts for all 12 months of 2015 once the full divestment of Jignesh Shah-led Financial Technologies in MCX takes place as per the regulatory norms. Kotak Mahindra Bank has acquired 15 per cent stake in MCX for Rs 459 crore from Jignesh Shah-led FTIL. Shares of the MCX today closed at Rs 824.05 a piece on BSE today.
MCX India stock price
On November 21, 2014, Multi Commodity Exchange of India closed at Rs 891.45, up Rs 21.85, or 2.51 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 895.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 383.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 23.21 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 38.41. The latest book value of the company is Rs 258.07 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.45.
RELATED NEWS

Venezuela exit plan boosts CloroxSeptember 22, 2014 6:02 pm
Clorox shares at record high as it exits Venezuela
By Jennifer Bissell and Richard Blackden in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/89874582-4263-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fun Pick: ICICI Prudential Value Discovery FundFun Pick: ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund
Business Standard |  Sep 22, 2014 10:43 PM IST
ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund has been classified in the small and mid-cap equity-oriented category under the CRISIL Mutual Fund Ranking. It has been ranked in the top 30 percentile (either CRISIL Fund Rank 1 or Rank 2) in the Consistent Performers (Equity) category since June 2011. The consistency in the fund's ranking is an indication of a blend of superior performance and disciplined portfolio management.
Launched in 2004, the fund reported average assets under management (AUM) of Rs 4,105 crore for the quarter ended June 2014. As of August 31, the month end AUM for the fund stood at Rs 6,294 crore. Mrinal Singh has been managing the fund since February 2011.
Investment philosophy
The investment objective of the fund is to generate returns through a combination of dividend income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in a well-diversified portfolio of value stocks. Value stocks are those which have attractive valuations in relation to earnings or book value or current and/or future dividends.
Performance
The fund has outperformed its benchmark across market downturns and upturns. During the sub-prime crisis (January 2008-March 2009), the fund fell 48.28 per cent versus the CNX Midcap's 54.84 per cent fall. When the markets recovered, from April 2009 to December 2010, the fund gained 90.59 per cent against CNX Midcap's 72.43 per cent.
The fund has outperformed both its benchmark (CNX Midcap) and the category over three-, five- and 10-year time frames. Since inception, the fund has posted returns at a compounded annualised growth rate (CAGR) of 25.90 per cent compared with 18.97 per cent by its benchmark. Through the SIP route as well, it has done better across time frames. Over the past five years, the fund's outperformance on a risk-adjusted basis is reflected in its Sharpe ratio of 1.48 compared with 0.66 for the benchmark.
Portfolio strategy
The fund is generally fully invested and does not take active cash calls. It has had on an average 92.65 per cent exposure to equity securities over the past five years.
Banks have been the most favoured sector of the fund over the past five years with an average 14.08 per cent exposure, followed by pharmaceuticals and software with 10.31 per cent and 8.42 per cent average exposure, respectively. Over the same period, CNX Bank, CNX Pharma and CNX IT have given 16.13 per cent, 28.21 per cent and 17.61 per cent returns, respectively, versus CNX Midcap's 12.93 per cent.
At the stock level, diversification can be seen from the fact that the fund held an average of 63 stocks in its portfolio, compared to 47 for the category over the past five years.
The fund manager refrains from taking minor exposure as is evident from the fact that over the past five years, stocks having at least one per cent exposure constituted 78 per cent (average) of the portfolio.
Key stock selections such as Amara Raja Batteries, Balkrishna Industries, Cadila Healthcare (held until June 2012), Vardhman Textiles, eClerx Services, ING Vyasa Bank, NATCO Pharma and Mindtree have helped drive superior fund performance.
CRISIL Research

Will Bookpad acquisition herald Bangalores day in the sunWill Bookpad acquisition herald Bangalore’s day in the sun?
Venkatesh Ganesh
Yahoo’s buyout of the start-up has raised spirits in India’s Silicon Valley
Bangalore September 22:  
The recent buyouts of start-ups based in India’s Silicon Valley have rekindled hopes that home-grown entrepreneurs do have a shot at international success.
Internet giant Yahoo acquired Bangalore-based Bookpad, a company that helps in converting Microsoft Office or PDF documents on their Web browser, for reportedly $15 million. This comes nine months after Facebook acquired a small unknown firm in the city called Little Eye Labs for a similar sum.
Industry watchers are thumping their chests, confident that the day when Indian start-ups make their global mark has finally arrived, albeit not on the same scale when compared to their compatriots in Israel or the US.
“If you look at these deals, it is an affirmation that Indian product companies are starting to make a mark globally,” said Rajat Tandon, Senior Director of the Nasscom 10K startups initiative. Nasscom, in April, as a part of its InnoTrek initiative, had taken more than two dozen start-ups to Silicon Valley and showcased their wares to companies like Yahoo. Similarly, iSPIRT and Microsoft Ventures helped Bookpad with their business accelerator programmes.
These developments need to be viewed from a perspective of an ecosystem that is helping start-ups get noticed. “In the last couple of years, India has seen 4,000 start-ups, 400 venture capitalists and 150 start-up incubators,” noted Praveen Bhadada, Partner & Practice Head, Zinnov.
At the heart of all this is simple economics. Through the deal, Yahoo also acquires the skills of the three promoters, enabling the company to cut short the time needed to market something they do not possess at the moment, said R Narayanan, member of The Chennai Angels.
This, industry watchers feel, is something different from the past when Indian product companies were often overlooked. “Now companies are driven to develop innovative products with an ability to address a business or consumer need,” said TP Pratap, Co-Founder, Qwikcilver Solutions. Others feel that the economic benefits of testing out a solution in Bangalore is another huge draw for multinationals. “It comes as a viable economic option to bigger companies who can leverage the R&D expertise of start-ups on proven concepts,” said Rajiv Kumar, Founder, Manusis Technologies.
It is learnt that the two dozen employees of Bookpad will relocate to Yahoo’s headquarters in Mountain View, California.
However, some in the industry still opine that the champagne bottles should not be uncorked just yet. “This is not a drumbeat of success since a country like Israel with a smaller population than Bangalore sees 85 companies get involved in M&A transactions,” points out Sharad Sharma, co-founder and governing council member of iSPIRT. However, iSPIRT feels that if it meets the target of 40 companies being sold or merged in the next four years, it would be a significant achievement.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Airbus cautious on jet output increasesAirbus cautious on jet output increases
REUTERS
Tweet
Istanbul, September 22:  
Airbus adopted a cautious stance on aircraft output on Monday, telling the airline and leasing industry that it would examine supply chain and other conditions before deciding further increases in output of its popular A320 narrow-body series.
The comments by sales chief John Leahy at an industry event came after both Airbus and its rival Boeing said recently that they were studying further increases. Boeing has indicated it might lift production of its 737 series to 52 planes a month in 2018, rising from 42 a month now. Airbus is looking at whether it can manage 50 a month.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Indians think of phones with smell sense  talking homesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US Spacecraft Enters Mars Orbit  India Probe NextAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Adele Wells went missing as a child in 1958. Decades later  authorities are still searching for her.By Sarah Larimer September 22 Follow @slarimer
(The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children)
Last week, the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children released an updated composite image for an ongoing case.
Adele Wells was 7 when she disappeared. She was 3 1/2 feet tall and about 50 pounds at the time, according to the organization.
“We have released an age progressed photo of what Adele would look like today,” a blog post on the center’s site said. “Her family has always held out hope that she was taken by someone and raised as their own child.”
The “new” photo of Wells is much different from the one authorities were working off when she disappeared, though. That’s because Wells was last seen in 1958.
She would be 63 today.
Wells was wearing a gray coat, a blue dress and red knee socks when she was last seen leaving her Flint, Mich., home on Nov. 21, 1958. She’s now among the oldest people in the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children database.
Maureen Heads, a supervisor in the center’s missing children division, said there aren’t many cases like hers.
Anthony Tumolo was last seen in 1966 , and Rachel Ziselman disappeared in 1977 .
The center takes on cases in which the subjects were minors at the time of their disappearance, which is why it still searches for adults, Heads said.
The organization got involved earlier in the search for Wells this year, after it was contacted by local law enforcement.
“We will continue our search efforts until the matter’s resolved,” she said. “So we have cases that are 30, 40, 50 years old. And in this case, we’re going to continue until there is some information to indicate what happened to Adele — or where she might be at.”
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Quartz Daily BriefAsia editionUN climate summit  iPhone sales record  Tescos big mistake  Yahoo for freeSeptember 22, 2014
What to watch for today
Is China slowing down? HSBC will publish its  Chinese manufacturing activity numbers today, indicating whether or not the country’s factories are running at full tilt. Investors across multiple continents are worried about a possible China slowdown; Australia’s currency is terrified .
The UN discusses climate change without two of the biggest culprits. China’s Xi Jinping and India’s Narendra Modi won’t attend  the UN climate summit in New York (though lowlier officials will). Ahead of the summit, about 650 investors have promised to divest $50 billion from fossil fuels and put it into clean energy.
Cruises make a comeback. Carnival Cruise Lines  reports earnings , and Wall Street is enthusiastic. Sales are expected to be up slightly on a year ago as the company continues to recover from its various disasters , and it’s  looking to Asia for growth, with new sales offices planned in several countries.
Recriminations in Scotland, relief in England. Expect some fur to fly in Edinburgh as the Scottish parliament holds its first session since last week’s failed bid for independence; meanwhile, it’ll be interesting to see what Labor leader Ed Miliband has to say about it at the party’s annual conference in Manchester.
While you were sleeping
Apple broke another record. It took the company just three days to move 10 million new iPhones , and that’s despite not yet launching in China. Which model is flying off store shelves? The cumbersome  5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus , much to everyone’s surprise.
Ukraine joined hands with Poland and Lithuania. The three countries  signed an agreement in Warsaw to form a joint brigade of 3,700-4,700 troops—most of them Polish—to strengthen regional security. Given the continued fighting  despite a notional ceasefire , Ukraine may need all the help it can get.
Tesco copped to a big accounting mistake. The UK’s largest grocer admitted to  overstating first-half profits  by £250 million ($408 million), after an already weak year . Four executives including the company’s UK managing director have been suspended.
Merck took another step away from drugs. The German pharma giant bought US chemical firm Sigma-Aldrich for $17 billion. Merck hasn’t brought a major new drug to market since 2003 and is looking to diversify as other companies become more focused in specific areas of pharmaceuticals.
The SEC made someone very rich. The US financial regulator announced a $30 million reward —double the 2013 record of $14 million—to a tipster who helped it uncover a “difficult-to-detect” fraud. It’s the 14th such award since the SEC launched its program two years ago, and the fourth to someone outside the US.
Quartz obsession interlude
Dan Frommer really likes the iPhone 6 Plus. “For the past two years, since the iPad mini launched, I’ve wanted to take it everywhere. But to my frustration, that just hasn’t happened. It’s too big for most pockets, and it feels silly to carry a backpack around just for an iPad mini. My hope for the iPhone 6 Plus was that it would be an iPad mini that I don’t need a bag for. And so far, that’s exactly what it has been.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
It’s not Uber’s job to take care of its drivers. If governments are failing to provide for their people, it’s not big business that should pick up the slack .
Germany was right to spend billions of euros on becoming green. Sometimes subsidies are just what’s needed to make change happen.
Companies need to give staff a better reason to be managers. Most people surveyed don’t want the extra responsibility .
Apple’s new headquarters will be the greenest building on the planet. At least that’s what Tim Cook claims .
Alibaba could buy Yahoo for free. All that’s in the way would be Yahoo’s wounded pride .
Surprising discoveries
Google has finally caved. You’re no longer forced to make a Google+ account when creating a new Google account.
Sheryl Sandberg is now a comic-book heroine. The Facebook COO joins Mother Teresa and Michelle Obama among women being profiled in a series of comic-book mini-biographies.
Eating artificial sweeteners may not save you from diabetes. Though they don’t contain calories, your body may still react to them the way it reacts to real sugar .
Eating criminal evidence may not save you from jail. A man who wrote stock tips on bar napkins and then chewed them up  was convicted of insider trading all the same.
A kindergarten teacher took on the state of Florida. She refused to give small children standardized reading tests, and the state agreed to scrap them .
Emiratis are paying double for their iPhones. Grey-market phones went on sale in the UAE for up to 120% over the retail price, and they  were snapped up within hours .
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, discarded napkins, and gently used iPhones to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Asia Cheered as China s Factories Defy DoomstersYou are here: Home Market
Asia Relieved as China Flash PMI Beats Low Expectations
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 09:37 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Sydney: Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday while commodities won a break from recent selling pressure after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0.
The market had been braced for something even worse and the relief helped Chinese stocks move into the black and the Australian dollar blip higher. The Asian giant is Australia's single biggest export market and investors often use the currency as a liquid proxy for China plays.
Annette Beacher, head of Asia-Pacific research at TD Securities, noted the flash PMIs had averaged 50.9 for the third quarter, a pickup over the previous quarter's 49.6.
"After the dismal industrial production print for August, financial markets were increasingly of the view that China is slowing at a more rapid pace than desired, so today's print provides a welcome offset," said Beacher.
The Shanghai Composite Index added 0.6 per cent and the CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings bounced 0.7 per cent.
Australia's main index rallied to be up 0.5 per cent, though the best that MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan could manage was to turn flat. Japanese markets were shut for a holiday.
Hindering sentiment was news the United States and partner nations were carrying out the first air strikes against Islamic State targets in Syria, a far more complicated front in the battle against militants.
Shares had begun badly after Wall Street took a dip overnight. The Dow had ended Monday down 0.62 per cent, while the S&P 500 lost 0.8 percent and the Nasdaq 1.14 per cent.
The drop in the S&P was the biggest one-day decline since early August and was caused in part by a soft reading on US existing home sales which hit shares in building companies.
US dollar in demand
The soggy data gave a fillip to Treasuries, as did comments from New York Federal Reserve bank president William Dudley that there was still excessive slack in the economy so any increase in rates should be done cautiously.
Dudley played down the importance of the various interest rate projections of Fed members released last week which some in the market had taken as a signal of a hawkish turn.
That helped yields on two-year paper ease back to 0.553 per cent and away from a top of 0.597 hit last week.
Yields on 10-year Treasury notes dipped to 2.56 per cent, from 2.59 per cent late Friday.
Dudley also said the steady rise in the dollar could complicate the Fed's job, potentially hurting US economic performance and pushing down inflation.
The currency has been on a tear recently thanks to the diverging outlook for US rates and those in Europe and Japan, where policy is set to remain super-easy and might even be loosened further.
Measured against a basket of currencies the dollar had climbed for 10 weeks straight, the longest streak since the index was created in 1971.
On Tuesday, the dollar was taking a breather at 108.74 yen after peaking at a six-year high of 109.46 last week. The euro was hanging on at $1.2852 having been at its lowest since July last year at $1.2814.
The Australian dollar recouped just a little of its recent losses on the China survey and nudged up to $0.8893.
Likewise, gold inched higher to $1,218.04, having touched its lowest since January at $1,208.36 on Monday.
Brent crude oil for November delivery bounced 32 cents to 97.29 a barrel, having fallen sharply overnight to be uncomfortably close to its recent trough of $96.21. US crude rose 40 cents to $91.27 a barrel.
Ample supply and slowing economic growth in Europe and China had been outweighing expectations of a cut in oil output from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

U.S. begins airstrikes against Islamic State in SyriaU.S., Arab allies begin airstrikes against Islamic State in Syria
Harrier jet
U.S. Navy
A U.S. Harrier jet launches from the amphibious assault ship Makin Island in the Arabian Gulf on Sept. 22.
A U.S. Harrier jet launches from the amphibious assault ship Makin Island in the Arabian Gulf on Sept. 22. (U.S. Navy)
By Tribune wire reports
Syria Iraq Al-Qaeda Islamic State Armed Conflicts U.S. Department of Defense Syrian Civil War
The United States and Arab allies bombed Syria for the first time on Tuesday, killing dozens of Islamic State fighters and members of a separate al Qaeda-linked group, pursuing a campaign against militants into a war at the heart of the Middle East.
"I can confirm that U.S. military and partner nation forces are undertaking military action against (Islamic State) terrorists in Syria using a mix of fighter, bomber and Tomahawk Land Attack Missiles," Rear Admiral John Kirby, Pentagon press secretary, said in a statement.
U.S. Central Command said Bahrain, Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates participated in or supported the strikes against Islamic State targets around the eastern cities of Raqqa, Deir al-Zor, Hasakah and Albu Kamal.
Targets included "fighters, training compounds, headquarters and command and control facilities, storage facilities, a finance center, supply trucks and armed vehicles," it said.
The number of Syrians fleeing from Islamist militants and entering into Turkey in recent days has exceeded 130,000, making the flight one of the largest refugee flows to date during the Syrian conflict, the United Nations said Monday. ( Patrick J. McDonnell )
Separately, U.S. forces acting alone launched strikes in another area of Syria against an al Qaeda-linked group, the Nusra Front, to "disrupt imminent attack" against U.S. and Western interests by "seasoned al Qaeda veterans", CentCom said.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the war in Syria, said at least 20 Islamic State fighters were killed in strikes that hit at least 50 targets in Raqqa and Deir al-Zor provinces in Syria's east.
It said strikes targeting the Nusra Front in the northern provinces of Aleppo and Idlib had killed at least 50 fighters and eight civilians. The Nusra Front is al Qaeda's official Syrian wing and Islamic State's rival. The Observatory said most of the fighters killed there were not Syrians.
8
The air attacks fulfill President Barack Obama's pledge to strike in Syria against Islamic State, a Sunni Muslim group that has seized swathes of Syria and Iraq, imposing a mediaeval interpretation of Islam, slaughtering prisoners and ordering Shi'ites and non-Muslims to convert or die.
Islamic State vowed revenge.
"These attacks will be answered," an Islamic State fighter told Reuters by Skype from Syria, blaming the "sons of Saloul" - a derogatory term for Saudi Arabia's ruling family - for allowing the strikes to take place.
The Sunni fighters, who have proclaimed a caliphate ruling over all Muslims, shook the Middle East by sweeping through northern Iraq in June. They then alarmed the West in recent weeks by beheading two U.S. journalists and a British aid worker, raising fears that they could attack Western countries.
The strikes took place hours before Obama goes to the U.N. General Assembly in New York where he will try to rally more nations behind his drive to destroy Islamic State.
@Hank Reardon1 Easier to do that job by sending over a handful of ICBMs full of nukes.
wan-man
9
The action pitches Washington for the first time into the three-year-old Syrian civil war, which has killed 200,000 people and displaced millions.
U.S. forces have previously hit Islamic State targets in Iraq, where Washington supports the government, but had held back from a military engagement in Syria, where the United States opposes President Bashar al-Assad.
SYRIAN GOVERNMENT INFORMED
The Syrian government said Washington had informed it hours before the strikes. Secretary of State John Kerry had sent a letter to Damascus through his Iraqi counterpart, it said.
A ministry statement read on state television said Syria would continue to attack Islamic State. It was ready to cooperate with any international effort to fight terrorism and was coordinating with the government of Iraq.
The United States has previously said it would not coordinate with Assad's government. Washington says Assad must leave power, particularly after he was accused of using chemical weapons against his own people last year.
Islamic State's Sunni fighters, now equipped with U.S. weapons seized during their advance in Iraq, are among the most powerful opponents of Assad, a member of a Shi'ite-derived sect. They are also battling against rival Sunni groups in Syria, against the Shi'ite-led government of Iraq and against Kurdish forces on both sides of the border.
In recent days they have captured villages from Kurds near Syria's Turkish border, sending nearly 140,000 refugees across the frontier since last week. The United Nations said it was bracing for up to 400,000 people to flee.
Washington is determined to defeat the fighters without helping Assad, a policy that requires deft diplomacy in a war in which nearly all the region's countries have a stake.
The Western-backed Syrian opposition, which is fighting against both Assad and Islamic State, welcomed the air strikes which it said would help defeat Assad.
The targets included Raqqa city, the main headquarters in Syria of Islamic State fighters who have proclaimed a caliphate stretching from Syria's Aleppo province through the Tigris and Euphrates river valleys to the outskirts of Baghdad.
Photographs taken in Raqqa showed wreckage of what the Islamic State fighter said was a drone that had been shot down. Pieces of the wreckage, including what appeared to be part of a propeller, were shown loaded into the back of a van.
A video posted online, filmed through night-vision apparatus, showed lights from jets flying overhead firing a stream of projectiles at the ground. It was not clear where or when the video was filmed.
Jordan, confirming its participation, said its air force had bombed "a number of targets that belong to some terrorist groups that sought to commit terrorist acts inside Jordan," although it did not specify any location.
Israel shot down a Syrian aircraft over air space it controls in the Golan Heights but there was no indication the incident, confirmed by Syria, was linked to the U.S. action.
WEAPONS SUPPLIES, CHECKPOINTS HIT
U.S. officials and the Syrian Observatory said buildings used by the militants, their weapons supplies and checkpoints were targeted in the attacks on Raqqa. Areas along the Iraq-Syria border were also hit.
Residents in Raqqa had said last week that Islamic State was moving underground after Obama signaled on Sept. 11 that air attacks on its forces could be expanded from Iraq to Syria.
The group had evacuated buildings it was using as offices, redeployed its heavy weaponry, and moved fighters' families out of the city, the residents said.
"They are trying to keep on the move," said one Raqqa resident, communicating via the Internet and speaking on condition of anonymity because of safety fears. "They only meet in very limited gatherings."
The addition of Arab allies in the attacks was crucial for the credibility of the American-led campaign. Some U.S. allies in the Middle East are skeptical of how far Washington will commit to a complex conflict set against the backdrop of Islam's 1,300-year-old rift between Sunnis and Shi'ites.
With the backing of Jordan and the Gulf states, Washington has gained the support of Sunni states that are hostile to Assad. It has not, however, won the open support of Assad himself or his main regional ally, Shi'ite Iran.
Some traditional Western allies, including Britain which went to war alongside the United States in Iraq and Afghanistan, have so far stayed out of the campaign.

Nifty seen opening flat; may reclaim 8150 levelsfmcg
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open flat on Tuesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8150 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 18 points lower at 8136 indicating muted opening on the domestic market.
The benchmark Sensex recovered smartly to end with a gain of over 116 points at 27,206.74, while the 50-share Nifty index closed 24 points to 8146.30 on Monday.
Nifty has moved past the resistance of 8130 and closed above it. Now it has immediate support placed at 8050, as long as it trades above 8050 the index may retest the high of 8180 and in case of further bullishness 8229 - 8253 range is also a possibility.
"The range of 8229 - 8253 is an important resistance to watch out for in coming days on the lower side 8050 followed by 8000 are immediate support levels whereas the range of 7920 to 7850 would remain a vital support on positional basis," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"Medium term trend reversal level has now moved higher to 7850," added the report.
Benchmark indices remained in a narrow range in first half but sudden recovery in later half; helped index to close in green.
"As we have entered in F&O expiry week, volatility will continue to remain on the higher side. Hence, traders are advised to keep their positions hedged or maintain strict risk management rules," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"We believe FMCG , IT and banking pivots will maintain their positive bias amid volatility so one can choose stocks from these pivots for fresh buying," he added.
Overnight, US stocks ended closed lower with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day decline since early August, as the latest housing data came in much weaker than expected.
"Existing home sales fell 1.8 percent in August, far from the growth of 1 percent that had been expected, raising new concerns about the rate of growth in the economy," Reuters reported.
"Equities were also pressured after China's finance minister indicated the country would not increase stimulus measures in response to some weak data of its own," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 107.06 points, or 0.62 per cent, to 17,172.68, the S&P 500 lost 16.11 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 1,994.29 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 52.10 points, or 1.14 per cent, to 4,527.69.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.74 per cent lower at 16,205 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.06 per cent lower at 23,938.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.35 per cent lower at 2,031 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.21 per cent higher at 2,295.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Morning cues: Global mkts in red; Nifty may follow suitSep 23, 2014, 08.31 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Morning cues: Global mkts in red; Nifty may follow suit
Globally, the US markets ended lower with small companies taking it on the chin. European market too closed in the red with Asia following suit trading cautious in early trade.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Morning cues: Global mkts in red; Nifty may follow suit
Globally, the US markets ended lower with small companies taking it on the chin. European market too closed in the red with Asia following suit trading cautious in early trade.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Indian equity market is likely to open on a flat albeit slightly negative note today. The SGX Nifty, an indicator of the market opening, was trading at 8135.50, down 12.50 points at 7:50.
The market saw a volatile session on Monday with the Sensex rising over 100 points and the Nifty inching towards its all-time highs. All eyes will now be on the expiry this week.
Globally, US markets ended lower with small companies taking it on the chin after China signaled it would not boost stimulus and after home sales unexpectedly declined in August. Apple stocks rose after the tech behemoth said the sales of its latest versions of of iPhone topped 10 million.
European stocks too closed in the red over negative sentiment due to lower commodity prices. The FTSE 300 provisionally closed down 0.6 percent at 1,393.23 points, with UK supermarket Tesco being the major laggard.
Asian markets were trading in the red in early trade on Tuesday after China released better-than-expected factory activity. Trade, however, is quiet with Japanese markets being shut for Autumnal Equinox Day.
In other asset classes, the dollar hovered just below a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies as the euro steadied near a 14-month trough with sellers taking a bit of a breather.
Brent crude slipped to USD 96 dollars per barrel as demand and supply fears outweighed expectations of a cut in oil output from the OPEC.
Precious metal gold struggled around USD 1215 an ounce, hurt by outflows from the top bullion backed exchange-traded fund (ETF) as investors adjusted positions in anticipation of higher interest rates in the US and further strength in the dollar.
Back home, it is a big week for Prime Minister Narendra Modi as he gears up to visit the US. Madison Square Garden is sold out for his speech as the Indian diaspora is readying a gala reception. US has also re-emerged as the largest consumer of Indian goods in the last fiscal.
And in a relief to the pharma industry, the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has withdrawn guidelines for price control of 108 cardiac and diabetes drugs. Prices of these non-scheduled drugs had been capped on July 10. The order is expected to benefit companies like Sanofi, Abbott, Zydus Cadila, Ranbaxy, Lupin, Sun, Cipla.
RELATED NEWS

Social media has changed political discourse like never beforeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sharda Cropchem to debut on secondary equity market todaySharda Cropchem to debut on secondary equity market today
Asian Games 2014: Abhnav Bindra guides India to 10m air rifle bronze  reaches finalsAsian Games 2014: Abhnav Bindra guides India to 10m air rifle bronze  reaches finals
Banks boost Alibaba s IPO size to record $25bnBanks boost Alibaba s IPO size to record $25bn
China Sept factory activity up  employment s...China September factory activity edges up on stronger orders but employment shrinks
By Reuters | 23 Sep, 2014, 09.08AM IST
0
Share More
A measure of employment shed more than a point to drop to 46.9, its lowest since February 2009 during the global financial crisis, when a collapse in exports threw tens of millions of Chinese out of work.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Activity in China's manufacturing sector unexpectedly picked up in September even as factory employment slumped to a 5-1/2-year low, a survey showed on Tuesday, a potential source of worry for Communist leaders who prize social stability above all else.
The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2.
Economists polled by Reuters had expected factory growth to stall at 50, the level which separates expansion in activity from contraction, citing a further deterioration in business confidence and the rapidly cooling property market.
But a measure of employment shed more than a point to drop to 46.9, its lowest since February 2009 during the global financial crisis, when a collapse in exports threw tens of millions of Chinese out of work.
A hefty drop in employment could raise alarm bells for the Chinese government, which has indicated it will tolerate slower economic growth as long as employment is not affected.
"The picture is mixed, with new orders and new export orders registering some improvement. Meanwhile, the employment index declined further and disinflationary pressure intensified," said Qu Hongbin, an economist at HSBC.
Finance Minister Lou Jiwei said at the weekend he would not dramatically alter policy because of any one economic indicator, cooling any speculation of swift, aggressive action, but like many economists Qu said he continues to expect China will further relax its monetary policy over time.
Most Asian stock markets and the Australian dollar clawed back some of their early losses after the PMI report, while Shanghai stocks rose.
Despite a raft of stimulus measures earlier this year, the world's second-largest economy has stumbled as a slowdown in the housing market further undermined already softening domestic demand, while exports have faltered.
Worries that China was slipping into a deeper funk heightened this month when data showed factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August as growth in other key sectors also cooled.
China's urban unemployment rate was nearly 4.1 per centat the end of June, though many economists believe the real number may be much higher given its army of migrant workers.
But the employment index aside, other measures in the PMI poll fared better, which could keep Beijing's response more modest for now.
Total new orders rose, and new export orders also climbed to their highest level since March 2010.
The overall output level remained flat on the month, while output prices fell to a six-month low.
The final HSBC/Markit manufacturing PMI for the month is due on Sept. 30, while the official reading will be released on Oct. 1. The HSBC surveys covers more small to medium-sized companies, which are believed to be under far more stress than larger, state-owned firms which the official report tends to focus on.
The run of weak data has fed speculation that authorities may further loosen fiscal and monetary policies to shore up growth. The property slowdown, in particular, is expected to persist well into next year and continue weighing on demand for everything from household appliances to glass, cement and steel.
Prices for Chinese steel and iron ore futures have slumped to record lows, while oil, copper, rubber and other raw materials have also skidded on fears of slowing China demand, which is rapidly leaving the United States as the only major driver of world economic growth.
But Chinese leaders have publicly ruled out another massive stimulus programme like the one launched during the global financial crisis, which left local governments saddled with mountains of debt, encouraged excess capacity in some industries and fueled inflationary pressures.
Instead, Beijing has rolled out a series of more modest steps targeted at supporting more vulnerable sectors of the economy, while many local governments have eased curbs on property purchases in the face of sliding home prices and a sharp drop in new construction.
Premier Li Keqiang said earlier this month that China cannot rely on easy credit to fuel its economic growth, and said the country would only tweak policy in certain areas to aid activity.
Further measures are already being rolled out even as leaders publicly advise caution.
The central bank last week injected money into the country's top banks in a bid to help support the economy by keeping borrowing costs down, and media have reported this week that the "Big Four banks" plan to ease rules on mortgage lending in a move orchestrated by regulators.

Nifty Edges Up Above 8150  IT Stocks GainYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Flat; IT Stocks Gain
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 09:39 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty were steady in the early trade with IT stocks supporting the market while some profit-taking was seen in capital goods and FMCG stocks.
The Sensex was up 27 points to 27,234.46 while Nifty rose 8 points to 8,154.
Continuing its outperformance streak, the buying activity in broader markets was stronger, with BSE midcap and smallcap indices up 0.4 per cent and 0.5 per cent.
Among IT stocks, HCL Tech, TCS, Wipro, Tech Mahindra and Infosys were up between 0.7 per cent and 2 per cent. Among major Nifty losers, ONGC, JSPL, M&M, and DLF fell between 0.9 per cent and 3 per cent.
Mayuresh Joshi of Angel Broking expects the markets to remain rangebound in the near term. He recommends investors booking some profit in select FMCG and midcap counters that in which valuations remain stretched.
Elsewhere in other global markets, Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat today.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 09:38 (IST)

Bull s Eye: Buy Delta Corp  GSFC  Titan  YES BankSep 23, 2014, 09.08 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bull's Eye: Buy Delta Corp, GSFC, Titan, YES Bank
Kunal Saraogi, Equityrush advises buying Delta Corp for a target price of Rs 106 and JK Tyre for a target price of Rs 530.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bull's Eye: Buy Delta Corp, GSFC, Titan, YES Bank
Kunal Saraogi, Equityrush advises buying Delta Corp for a target price of Rs 106 and JK Tyre for a target price of Rs 530.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
Bull's Eye, CNBC-TV18's popular game show, where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
On Bull's Eye this week - Kunal Saraogi, Ashish Kapur and Vishal Malkan are battling it out for the strongest portfolio. Let’s hear out their picks for today.
Kunal Saraogi, Equityrush
Buy  Delta Corp for a target price of Rs 106 and keep a stoploss at Rs 100
Buy  JK Tyre for a target price of Rs 530 and keep a stoploss at Rs 490
Buy  PC Jeweller for a target price of Rs 270 and keep a stoploss at Rs 250
Buy  Petronet LNG for a target price of Rs 209 and keep a stoploss at Rs 200
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
Ashish Kapur, Invest Shoppe
Buy  YES Bank for a target price of Rs 610 and keep a stoploss at Rs 586
Buy  Delta Corp for a target price of Rs 107 and keep a stoploss at Rs 101
Buy  Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals for a target price of Rs 117 and keep a stoploss at Rs 109
Buy  Bank of India for a target price of Rs 300 and keep a stoploss at Rs 286
Disclosure: He holds YES Bank and Bank of India. Stocks discussed may have been recommended.
Vishal Malkan, malkansview.com
Buy  India Cements for a target price of Rs 138 and keep a stoploss at Rs 125
Buy  Titan Company for a target price of Rs 410 and keep a stoploss at Rs 390
Short  Oriental Bank of Commerce for a target price of Rs 275 and keep a stoploss at Rs 293
Short  Apollo Tyres for a target price of Rs 190 and keep a stoploss at Rs 207
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
RELATED NEWS

USD/INR pair seen between 60.50-61.50/USD: Ashutosh RainaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
USD/INR pair seen between 60.50-61.50/USD: Ashutosh Raina
Locally, the story of FII flows and Central Bank intervention continues and we expect the USD/INR pair to trade in 60.50-61.50/USD range, says Ashutosh Raina, HDFC Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
Ashutosh Raina, HDFC Bank said, "The focus now shifts to growth concerns in China. Markets will be keenly awaiting the HSBC Manufacturing PMI today. The dollar strength has been the theme recently,  with dollar index just shy of the psychological number of 85. Locally, the story of FII flows and Central Bank intervention continues and we expect the USD/INR pair to trade in 60.50-61.50/USD range."
RELATED NEWS

Market may edge lower in early tradeMarket may edge lower in early trade
Modi may flag $10 bn problem with Obama | Economic relations top agendaModi may flag $10 bn problem with Obama | Economic relations top agenda
Top corporate news of the day - September 23  2014Top corporate news of the day - September 23  2014
2G: SC to review demand for revealing identity of whistleblowers2G: SC to review demand for revealing identity of whistleblowers
Maha polls: Cong in no hurry to seal deal with NCPMaha polls: Cong in no hurry to seal deal with NCP
US airstrikes IS positions in Syria: PentagonUS airstrikes IS positions in Syria: Pentagon
BSE Sensex seen opening lower; FIIs remain sellersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

"Passenger Shaming": la vengeance des htesses de l air"Passenger Shaming": la vengeance des hôtesses de l'air contre les passagers indélicats
Le HuffPost avec AFP
E-mail
Commenter
INTERNET - Si vous avez déjà pris l'avion, vous savez à quel point être confiné dans quelques mètres carrés avec plusieurs dizaines d'inconnus peut s'avérer désagréable. Surtout si lesdits inconnus ont décidé d'enlever leurs chaussettes, d'étendre leurs jambes, d'étaler leur barda, de se couper les ongles ou d'oublier les règles d’hygiène les plus élémentaires.
Depuis quelques mois, les auteurs de la page Facebook "Passenger Shaming" ("honte aux passagers" ou "honteux passagers"), s'attellent à railler ces comportements indélicats. Également dotés de comptes Instagram et Twitter, ils publient des photos envoyées par des passagers agacés, mais surtout par des personnels navigants excédés ou des agents de nettoyage dégoûtés.
Regardez quelques-unes des photos publiées par "Passenger Shaming":
Close

We need to be more realistic  says businessman on Modi s China remarkWe need to be more realistic, says businessman on Modi's China remark
CNN-IBN | Sep 21, 2014 at 08:38pm
Reacting to the 'We need not to copy China, but reclaim our lost glory' remark on PM Modi in CNN world exclusive interview, businessman Mohandas Pal says China is way ahead of us and we can not ignore their model of growth.
Foreign languages to make way for Sanskrit: Is this a regressive move?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

WATCH LIVE: Thousands Take To The Streets For The People s Climate MarchPeople's Climate March To Draw Thousands To Streets Of New York City (WATCH LIVE)
Posted:
reddit
More than 100,000 people are expected to take to the streets in New York City today for the long-awaited People's Climate March . But if you're not in the big apple and your city doesn't have a march of it's own (which it may very well have), Democracy Now!'s Amy Goodman will be interviewing attendees and organizers live from Columbus Circle throughout the rally.
Take a look at the live video feed above, which will run from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Eastern, and follow along on Twitter using the handles @HuffPostGreen and @DemocracyNow .
live blog

Tens Of Thousands Crowd New York For Climate MarchTens Of Thousands Crowd New York For Climate March
Reuters  | By                                                                By Barbara Goldberg and Natasja Sheriff
Posted:
Updated:
09/22/2014  4:59 pm EDT
A climate protester holds up a placard at the G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors Meeting in Cairns on September 21, 2014.  Finance ministers from G20 nations meet in Cairns this weekend as they grapple with how to achieve a lift in global growth by two percent while being held back by a sickly eurozone recovery.  AFP PHOTO/William WEST        (Photo credit should read WILLIAM WEST/AFP/Getty Images) | WILLIAM WEST via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK, Sept 21 (Reuters) - An international day of action on climate change brought tens of thousands onto the streets of New York on Sunday, with organizers predicting the biggest protest on the issue for five years.
Some 100,000 people, including United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and U.S. senators were expected to join the People's Climate March in midtown Manhattan, ahead of Tuesday's United Nations hosted summit in the city to discuss reducing carbon emissions that threaten the environment.
Organizers said some 550 busloads had arrived for the rally, which followed similar events in 166 countries including Britain, France, Afghanistan and Bulgaria.
"Today I am marching for my children. I am marching so they can live in a world without worrying about the next big storm destroying their community," said Bill Aristovolus, the superintendent of an apartment building in New York City's working-class Bronx borough.
A crowd including U.S. senators Bernard Sanders of Vermont and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island lined up along a mile (1.6 km) long stretch along New York's Central Park, bearing signs reading "stop tar sands" and "keep the oil in the ground." Marchers carried pictures of sunflowers and, at the rally's head, a banner reading "front lines of crisis, forefront of climate change."
The march was due to step off around 11:30 a.m. ET (1530 GMT), covering a 2-mile (3.2-km) route winding past Times Square.
Organizers billed the event as the largest gathering focused on climate change since 2009, when tens of thousands gathered in Copenhagen in a sometime raucous demonstration that resulted in the detention of 2,000 protesters.
De Blasio on Sunday unveiled a new plan for the city to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent from 2005 levels by 2050.
All 3,000 major city-owned buildings would be retrofitted with energy saving heating, cooling and light systems by then, he said, though meeting the commitment will also require significant investments by private landlords.
"Climate change is an existential threat to New Yorkers and our planet," de Blasio said. "Acting now is nothing short of a moral imperative." (Additional reporting by Louis Charbonneau at the United Nations and Kylie MacLellan in London; Editing by Scott Malone, Bill Trott and William Hardy)
live blog

World Spewed More Carbon Pollution Into The Air Last Year Than Ever BeforeThe World Spewed More Carbon Pollution Into The Air Last Year Than Ever Before
 | By                                                                SETH BORENSTEIN
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — Spurred chiefly by China, the United States and India, the world spewed far more carbon pollution into the air last year than ever before, scientists announced Sunday as world leaders gather to discuss how to reduce heat-trapping gases.
The world pumped an estimated 39.8 billion tons (36.1 billion metric tons) of carbon dioxide into the air last year by burning coal, oil and gas. That is 778 million tons (706 metric tons) or 2.3 percent more than the previous year.
"It's in the wrong direction," said Glen Peters, a Norwegian scientist who was part of the Global Carbon Project international team that tracks and calculates global emissions every year.
Their results were published Sunday in three articles in the peer-reviewed journals Nature Geoscience and Nature Climate Change.
The team projects that emissions of carbon dioxide, the main heat-trapping gas from human activity, are increasing by 2.5 percent this year.
The scientists forecast that emissions will continue to increase, adding that the world in about 30 years will warm by about 2 degrees Fahrenheit (1.1 degrees Celsius) from now. In 2009, world leaders called that level dangerous and pledged not to reach it.
"Time is running short," said Pierre Friedlingstein of the University of Exeter in England, one of the studies' lead authors. "The more we do nothing, the more likely we are to be hitting this wall in 2040-something."
Chris Field, a Carnegie Institution ecologist who heads a U.N. panel on global warming, called the studies "a stark and sobering picture of the steps we need to take to address the challenge of climate change."
More than 100 world leaders will meet Tuesday at the U.N. Climate Summit to discuss how to reverse the emissions trend.
The world's three biggest carbon polluting nations — China, the U.S. and India — all saw their emissions jump. No other country came close in additional emissions.
Indian emissions grew by 5.1 percent, Chinese emissions by 4.2 percent and the U.S. emissions by 2.9 percent, when the extra leap day in 2012 is accounted for.
China, the No. 1 carbon polluter, also had more than half the world's increases over 2012. China's increases are slowing because the Chinese economy isn't growing as fast as it had been, Peters said.
The U.S. had reduced its carbon emissions in four of the five previous years. Peters said it rose last year because of a recovering economy and more coal power.
Only two dozen of the about 200 countries cut their carbon emissions last year, led by mostly European countries. Spain had the biggest decrease.
The world emissions averaged to 6.3 million pounds (2.9 million kilograms) of carbon dioxide put in the air every second.
___

Kim Kardashian et Vanessa Hudgens nues sur le Web aprs un nouveau piratagePrevious Story
Next Story
Kim Kardashian se retrouve nue sur Internet après un nouveau piratage, l'actrice Vanessa Hudgens également victime
Le HuffPost avec AFP
Mis à jour:
22/09/2014 12h41 CEST
Kim Kardashian se retrouve nue sur Internet après un nouveau piratage, Vanessa Hudgens et Hope Solo également victimes | Reuters
E-mail
Commenter
CELEBGATE - Cela ressemble fort à un remake de la fuite massive du 31 août. De nouvelles photos de stars nues, notamment de Kim Kardashian, circulaient samedi 20 septembre sur Internet, quelques semaines après un premier piratage d'envergure de photos intimes de célébrités américaines comme Jennifer Lawrence ou Kate Upton.
Des clichés de stars, entre autres de l'actrice Vanessa Hudgens et de la joueuse américaine de football Hope Solo, ont été diffusés brièvement sur les sites de partage 4chan et Reddit a rapporté le site people américain TMZ , avant d'être supprimés. Mais certains internautes ont continué à les partager sur des forums et les réseaux sociaux, notamment Twitter.
Kate Bosworth et Emily Ratajkowski également victimes
L'actrice Kate Bosworth et la mannequin Emily Ratajkowski ont également été victimes de ces nouvelles fuites. Le portail BuzzFeed a aussi indiqué que des vidéos personnelles et des photos des actrices Mary-Kate Olsen, Hayden Panettiere, Leelee Sobieski, ou Aubrey Plaza, ont également été mises en ligne. De nouvelles photos de Jennifer Lawrence ont également été diffusées.
Lors de la fuite du 31 août, un scandale rapidement baptisé "Celebgate", un grand nombre de photos intimes de stars dénudées avaient été diffusées très largement sur Internet après le piratage de leurs comptes personnels Icloud, le service de stockage en ligne de contenus fourni par Apple.
Le géant américain Apple avait nié toute défaillance de son système de sécurité affirmant que les pirates étaient parvenus à répondre correctement à des questions de sécurité, voire même à détourner directement les mots de passe des comptes grâce à des opérations de hameçonnage (phishing).
LIRE AUSSI

L autonomie de l iPhone 6 et 6 Plus au banc d essaiQue valent les batteries de l'iPhone 6 et 6 Plus?
Le HuffPost
Mis à jour:
21/09/2014 09h57 CEST
Question batterie, les petits nouveaux, iPhone 6 et iPhone 6 Plus, sont-ils à la hauteur des attentes du public ? | Apple
E-mail
Commenter
APPLE - Les possesseurs d’anciens iPhone vous le diront tous, l’autonomie n’est pas la principale qualité de ces smartphones. On se rappelle notamment de l’iPhone 5, qui obligeait son utilisateur à recharger la batterie dès le milieu de journée. Son successeur (l'iPhone 5s) avait été considérablement amélioré, sans toutefois atteindre des sommets face à la concurrence. Les petits nouveaux, iPhone 6 et iPhone 6 Plus , sont-ils à la hauteur des attentes du public ? C’est ce que nous allons voir.
Qu’on se le dise, Apple a apporté une attention certaine à ses batteries. L'autonomie n'a pas subi les conséquences du gain de puissance depuis la précédente génération. Sur ce que nous avons constaté, une utilisation normale de l’iPhone 6 permet de rester sur la même charge pendant toute une journée, voire une matinée suivante. Si vous envoyez des SMS, prenez 2-3 photos, écoutez 1 à 2 heures de musique et utilisez régulièrement le Web et les réseaux sociaux, c’est ce que vous obtiendrez.
Le fait de ne pas être obligé de charger son téléphone pendant la nuit est une très bonne chose. De cette façon, il n’est pas branché sur le secteur pendant les longues heures de sommeil. Ce genre de pratiques a tendance à fatiguer les batteries plus rapidement que prévu.
Si l’on pousse l’iPhone 6 dans ses retranchements, voici ce qu’on obtient.
Visionnage de films en streaming sur Netflix : 8,5 heures d’autonomie
Lecture vidéo : 9 heures
Sur l’iPhone 6 Plus
Visionnage de films en streaming sur Netflix : 12 heures d’autonomie
Lecture vidéo : 12 heures
Lecture audio : 20 heures
Jeux 3D : 6 heures
La version "Plus" s’avère vraiment plus performante, mais pour une raison assez simple. Plus grand, il renferme une batterie proportionnelle à sa taille. Et cela malgré les besoins en énergie d’un plus grand écran.
Vous pouvez jouer sur l’autonomie du smartphone en réglant quelques paramètres trop gourmands. C’est le cas de la luminosité, du bluetooth, du GPS ou encore du Wifi. La luminosité a une incidence particulièrement importante sur l’autonomie, veillez à ne jamais la mettre trop forte.
Certains diront que l’iPhone est bien ridicule à côté du bon vieux Nokia 3310 des années 90. Mais ils oublient que ces appareils ne servaient qu’à téléphoner, d’où une autonomie capable d’atteindre plus d’une semaine. Mais l’iPhone a davantage de points communs avec un ordinateur portable que son illustre ancêtre. Et pourquoi l’autonomie du premier iPhone était-elle meilleure que celle du dernier ? Tout simplement parce que les progrès réalisés sur les batteries sont immédiatement gommés par le besoin de puissance, et donc, de consommation électrique.
Apple est néanmoins loin d’être en pointe sur le sujet. Le LG G2 ou le Samsung Galaxy S5 s’avèrent bien plus performants en autonomie, tout en laissant l’opportunité de jongler entre plusieurs batteries amovibles. Apple interdit à ses utilisateurs d’ouvrir la coque de son iPhone. Et au final, c'est peut-être son plus gros défaut.
LIRE AUSSI

Des meubles Ikea tels que vous n en trouverez pas en magasinPHOTOS. 13 avant-après de meubles Ikea améliorés tels que vous n'en trouverez pas en magasin
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
DÉCORATION - Si vous faîtes des courses chez Ikea, quatre choix s'offrent à vous. Sortir du magasin et vous diriger vers la brocante ou l'antiquaire le plus proche; acheter les mêmes meubles que vos amis et voisins; détourner l'usage desdits meubles tels les "Ikea Hackers" ; ou simplement améliorer avec goût les tables et étagères du géant suédois...
C'est pour cette dernière solution que nos collègues du HuffPost UK ont opté en compilant les images de quelques bricoleurs et décorateurs amateurs, à qui il n'aura suffi que de quelques coups de peinture, quelques clous et de bonnes idées pour transformer un meuble Ikea en pièce unique.

Red carpet invitation: PM prepares  Make in India  planPM Modi to unveil government measures promising to ease doing business in India
Vikas Dhoot, ET Bureau Sep 22, 2014, 10.12AM IST
Tags:
FDI
(Prime minister Modi to unveil…)
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi is set to unveil measures highlighting his government's initiatives to make it easier to do business in India in his first major interaction with industry captains after assuming office. This effort forms an integral part of Modi's Make In India pitch aimed at altering the negative narrative of uncertainty and red-tapism that haunts the country's investment climate.
Among the big-ticket measures Modi is expected to flag at the September 25 event are the rationalisation of restrictive labour, environmental and foreign direct investment (FDI) norms that have deterred investment and job creation in recent years, besides the setting up of a fully functional single-window system for starting a business that would allow budding entrepreneurs to get more than 100 central and state government clearances online.
Ahead of Modi's public pitch to restore the faith of local and global investors in India's market opportunities, the environment ministry has decided to roll back what's said to be one of the biggest hurdles to fresh industrial investment in the last few years that required any factory or assembly line built on 20,000 square metres or more to secure environmental clearance for construction. India Inc had red-flagged this at meetings steered by the Prime Minister's Office, which is in mission mode as it looks to improve investment climate, having tasked different departments with specific action points.
Environment, forest & climate change minister Prakash Javadekar has approved a draft notification that explicitly keeps building of factories and industrial production facilities out of the ambit of 2006 environment impact assessment norms. This is likely to be notified by early November, officials said. Industry had told the PMO that the 20,000 sq m norm was meant to cover large township and housing construction projects, not the building of factories, but the previous UPA government had misinterpreted the clause in the last few years, introducing a delay of at least 24 months in building or commissioning any investment project planned over five acres or more.
"We have invited a large number of industry leaders across sectors, big, small and medium to the Make In India campaign launch by the PM at Vigyan Bhawan," said a senior government official. "The PM would make some important announcements, around the theme of ease of doing business," he said. India is ranked 134th out of 189 countries on the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business Index.
Representatives of several global businesses and business groups and economic or commercial counsellors of several foreign governments will also attend the event.
Indian embassies across the world are expected to play a proactive role in propagating the Make In India mission, while the external affairs and industry ministries have been asked to work closely with states in organising road shows for global investors and hand-holding them through the process of setting up shop in the country.
Aimed at introducing transparency and efficiency in the myriad clearances required for business, the new single-window system involves digitizing more than 100 central and state-level approvals ranging from registering a boiler or getting a fire department clearance to getting a PAN and other tax identification numbers. The government is striving to make this operational by March 2015.
"The environment ministry is examining a recommendation to do away with the existing categories of projects into categories A and B (which determines if a project needs a green clearance from the Centre or state) and relax the norms that require an environmental impact assessment and public hearings even for expansion projects," said a senior government official aware of the development.
The ministry is also looking at relaxing conditions related to the distance of the project from state boundaries and critically polluted areas, he said, adding that these changes were recommended by a panel led by the director of the National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI).
The panel was appointed by former environment minister in the UPA government Jayanthi Natarajan, who allegedly delayed projects worth lakhs of crores by withholding green clearances, prompting Modi to coin the term 'Jayanthi tax' during the Lok Sabha poll campaign. Natarajan had kept the constitution of the committee and its terms of reference out of the public domain, although it submitted its report to her successor Veerappa Moily this May. Natarajan had rejected Modi's characterisation.

Nifty reclaims 8100; ITC gains 2%  BHEL Hindalco dragSep 22, 2014, 02.12 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty reclaims 8100; ITC gains 2%, BHEL & Hindalco drag
Tata Motors, ITC, ONGC, ICICI Bank and Hero MotoCorp are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Cipla, BHEL, Tata Steel, Hindalco and Infosys.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty reclaims 8100; ITC gains 2%, BHEL & Hindalco drag
Tata Motors, ITC, ONGC, ICICI Bank and Hero MotoCorp are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Cipla, BHEL, Tata Steel, Hindalco and Infosys.
Post your opinion here
13:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:50 pm Interview: Alibaba IPO that began trading on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on Friday saw a stellar opening . The stock opened trade at USD 92.70 per share and rallied upto 38 percent in a single day. The e-commerce company’s strong trading took many by surprise, but is also the reason for Indian online retailers’ cheer. Rohit Bansal, chief executive officer, Snapdeal.com says this IPO validates the belief in emerging market and the fact that online retailers don’t need to own inventory to be successful.
“The response to Alibaba IPO gives confidence to company like ours, but the conventional way of valuations may not work for e-commerce sites as their growth is more than 50 percent at a time when other companies report below 15-20 percent growth,” adds Bansal. Adding to Bansal’s optimism is Henry Guo, senior research analyst, JG Capital who says such companies have huge potential as India continues to see mobile penetration in widespread areas.
1:30 pm Buzzing: Investors continued to sell shares of Bharti Infratel Monday on media reports that the shareholder Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Company (KKR) may sell its entire 2.38 percent equity stake (or 4.5 crore equity shares) soon. The stock lost more than 4 percent intraday. "American private equity fund KKR is set to launch a share sale that could raise about USD 230 million as it exits Bharti Infratel six years after investing, taking advantage of a sharp rebound in the valuations of the telecom tower company," said a media report quoting unnamed sources, adding the share sale will be via block trades on the stock exchanges.
In India, the company has over 35,000 towers, across 18 states, and 11 telecom circles. It also has a 42 percent stake in Indus Towers which was created as a joint venture between Bharti Infratel, Vodafone and Aditya Birla Telecom to hive off the towers business in 15 telecom circles.
Diwali sparkle: Gold stocks up ahead of festivals, wedding
The market has made slight recovery as the Nifty reclaims the crucial 8100-level. The 50-share index is 8111.15, down 10.30 points. The Sensex is up 12.53 points at 27102.95. About 1546 shares have advanced, 1289 shares declined, and 99 shares are unchanged.
Tata Motors, ITC, ONGC, ICICI Bank and Hero MotoCorp are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Cipla, BHEL, Tata Steel, Hindalco and Infosys.
Silver's sell-off extended to a second session on Monday, with the metal tumbling to a four-year low, as investors unwound long positions amid strength in the dollar and the possibility of a sooner-than-expected U.S. rate hike.
Weakness in gold, which fell to its lowest since January and was edging close to breaking below USD 1,200 an ounce, also weighed on silver and other precious metals. The precious metals group has seen sharp losses in recent days as the dollar index hit a four-year high last week on expectations the world's biggest economy will see the start of its rate-tightening cycle sooner-than-expected.
 

Easing liquidity may make RBI less hawkishDeutsche Bank says easing liquidity may make RBI less hawkish
Swati Bhat     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 17:04 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Global banking major Deutsche Bank has said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) could adopt a less hawkish stance should liquidity conditions remain easy in India and oil below $100 a barrel.
The financial services company said continued foreign inflows into India and rising financial savings could keep liquidity easy.
Still, Deutsche Bank said rate cut is not in its base case.
Overnight cash rates were up at 8.05/8.10 per cent on Monday versus Friday's close of 7.70/7.75 per cent.
(Reuters)

Gold price extends losses  down Rs 120 on global cuesGold price extends losses, down Rs 120 on global cues
   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 19:37 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Gold prices continued their declining trend for the third day, falling by another Rs 120 to Rs 26,850 per ten gram in the national capital on Monday.
Sentiment remained weak as gold held near an eight-month low in global markets as the outlook for higher US borrowing costs strengthened the dollar, dampening demand for a store of value.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, traded 0.60 per cent lower at $1,208.40 an ounce. Silver also fell 0.3 per cent to $17.78 an ounce, the lowest level since August 2010.
Traders said subdued demand from jewellers in view of ongoing Shraadh - considered as inauspicious days - and diversion of funds towards the rising equity markets too put pressure on prices.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell further by Rs 120 each to Rs 26,850 and Rs 26,650 per ten gram respectively. It had lost Rs 480 in the previous two sessions.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 24,200 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
In a similar fashion, silver ready remained under selling pressure and surrendered Rs 375 to Rs 39,250 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 805 to Rs 38,895 per kg after it sank to four-year low in overseas market.
The white metal lost Rs 1,975 in the last four days.
Silver coins plunged by Rs 1,000 to Rs 69,000 for buying and Rs 70,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

CBI probes P Chidambaram s role in Aircel-Maxis dealCBI probes role of ex-FM P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis deal
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 15:49 IST
Former Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram speaks during a joint news conference in New Delhi (Photo: Reuters)
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Monday told the special 2G court hearing the Aircel-Maxis case that the FIPB (Foreign Investment Promotion Board) approval given by former Finance Minister P Chidambaram in the deal was a "mistake".
"The investment was of US $800 million which is Rs 3,500 crore (approx). The FIPB approval (by the then Finance Minister) was a mistake. This is under investigation," the Investigating Officer in the case told Special Judge OP Saini.
The agency said it was investigating as to how Chidambaram had given FIPB approval in the Aircel-Maxis deal in 2006.
The CBI contended that the then Finance Minister was competent to give approval of upto Rs 600 crore but gave the approval which was approximately worth Rs 3,500 crore.
The investigation agency said that the matter should have been referred to the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) and they are probing as to how Chidambaram gave the approval.
"Your (judge) query was on FIPB approval. We are showing documents which show the power of the then Finance Minister. Power was vested in the then Finance Minister to give FIPB approval of upto Rs 600 crore.
For investment of over Rs 600 crore, CCEA was competent to give approval. This is under investigation and we have not concluded the probe on this aspect yet," CBI prosecutor KK Goel said.
The agency had told the court in its chargesheet in the case that Mauritius-based Global Communication Services Holdings, a subsidiary of Maxis, had sought approval for US $800 million for which CCEA was competent to do so.
In its chargesheet, CBI had named former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran , his brother Kalanithi Maran, T Ananda Krishnan, Malaysian national Augustus Ralph Marshall and four firms - Sun Direct TV, Maxis Communication Berhad, South Asia Entertainment Holding and Astro All Asia Network PLC - as accused in the case.
They have been charge sheeted for the offences punishable under section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and under relevant provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
On being asked by the court about the role of Kaveri Maran, Kalanithi Maran's wife who has been chargesheeted by the CBI in the case, the agency said that although she was holding 82 per cent share in accused firm Sun TV but as per the documents, every decision was taken by her husband.
"Documents do not reveal about her role directly. If the court give us further task, we will certainly investigate this aspect," the CBI said.
The court has now fixed the matter for further arguments on October 13.
On September 11, the CBI had told the court that former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran had "pressurised" and "forced" Chennai-based telecom promoter C Sivasankaran to sell his stakes in Aircel and two subsidiary firms to Malaysian firm Maxis Group in 2006.
The Malaysian firm was favoured by Maran and granted licence within six months after the take over of Aircel in December 2006, it had said.
Ex-Telecom Secretary JS Sharma, who has died, has also been named in the CBI's charge sheet. However, his name has been put in a column of the accused against whom trial cannot proceed.
The 72-page chargesheet includes the names of 151 CBI witnesses and a set of 655 documents, on which the agency has relied upon in its investigation.

Main engine test firing on Mars orbiter spacecraft successful: ISROForeign languages to make way for Sanskrit: Is this a regressive move?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

BSP leader insults Hindu religion  Mayawati rushes into damage control modeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Too many selfies on Facebook may damage your relationshipsSep 22, 2014 at 05:30pm IST
Too many selfies on Facebook may damage your relationships
10
0
New York: Posting too many selfies on Facebook may alienate friends, family members and colleagues, scientists say.
People who post a lot of photos on Facebook and other social networks run the risk of alienating those close to them, leading to less supportive bonds, researchers found.
Selfies, or self-portraits, seem to be some of the most irksome images, said lead researcher Dr David Houghton at Birmingham Business School in the UK.
Posting too many selfies on Facebook may alienate friends, family members and colleagues, scientists say.
#facebook #selfies #facebook photos
"People, other than very close friends and relatives, don't seem to relate well to those who constantly share photos of themselves," Houghton said.
"It's worth remembering that the information we post to our 'friends' on Facebook, actually gets viewed by lots of different categories of people: partners; friends; family; colleagues and acquaintances; and each group seems to take a different view of the information shared," he said.
The study also found that people felt less supported by relationship partners who shared more photos of friends and events than of the family, 'New York Daily News' reported.
People also negatively judged Facebook friends who shared photos of themselves in response to big-brand social advertising campaigns, such as the kind that ask people to submit photos of themselves enjoying a product.
12

Govt to divest 10% in RINL  IPO prospectus filed with SebiGovt to divest 10 per cent in RINL, IPO prospectus filed with Sebi
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 19:04 IST
Govt to divest 10% in RINL, IPO prospectus filed with Sebi (Photo: Reuters)
Rashtriya Ispat Nigam (RINL) has filed a draft prospectus with market regulator Sebi for an initial public offer (IPO) through which the government will sell 10 per cent of its stake in the company.
The government will offload 48,89,84,620 shares through an offer for sale, of which 35 per cent will be reserved for retail investors and 50 per cent for qualified institutional buyers.
Sources said the IPO would hit the markets by early January as the entire book building process takes about three months time.
A discount of up to 5 per cent on the Offer Price shall be offered to retail investors.
UBS Securities and Deutsche Equities will act as merchant bankers for the issue, the price band of which would be decided later.
As per the Draft Red Herring Prospectus (DRHP) filed with Sebi, the entire issue proceeds would go to the government exchequer.
The IPO of state-owned steel maker RINL is scheduled to hit the markets in the current fiscal, and the Cabinet has already accorded its approval for the stake sale.
The government proposes to raise Rs 43,425 crore through disinvestment in PSUs. It has identified SAIL , ONGC, NHPC, Coal India as a stake sale candidate in the current fiscal.

Govt s investor of last resort sells in bull runGovt's investor of last resort sells in bull run
Sneha Padiyath & M Saraswathy | Mumbai Sep 22, 2014 10:50 PM IST
So far this quarter, insurance companies, led by Life Insurance of Corporation of India (LIC), have offloaded stake worth about Rs 17,000 crore, despite a seven per cent rise in the market during this period.
The aggressive selling comes at a time when mutual funds and foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have been heavy buyers of equities. Mutual funds bought shares worth about Rs 12,000 crore and FIIs purchased shares of about Rs 25,000 crore.
Market players believe LIC might have sold stake to make room to participate in the government’s disinvestment programme, estimated to raise about Rs 40,000 crore in FY15. Insurance companies had also sold holdings due to redemptions in unit-linked insurance plans (Ulips), said companies in this segment.
A senior LIC official said the selling was in line with a churn in the company’s portfolio, as well as its profit-booking strategy.
Nirakar Pradhan, chief investment officer, Future Generali India Life Insurance, said, “Individuals who had purchased Ulips in January 2008 might not have been able to get optimum returns. Now that returns are turning positive, people want to encash it.”
Insurers say through the past few months, renewals of such products have dropped significantly, adding customers are rushing to surrender these policies or book profits.
Experts said the heavy selling by insurance companies had largely offset the strong buying by mutual fund houses and helped keep markets in check. “Overall, domestic institutions are still sellers because domestic insurance companies are not buying. If both turn net buyers, they will have a higher impact on the market,” said Vinay Khattar, associate director and head of research, Edelweiss.
So far this year, India’s benchmark equities have rallied about 30 per cent. On a year-to-date basis, FIIs have pumped in about Rs 85,000 crore into Indian stocks, while mutual funds have been net buyers to the tune of Rs 5,700 crore. On the other hand, insurers have sold shares worth about Rs 40,000 crore.
LIC is typically considered a contra player in the market. In other words, it is on the buying side when foreign investors sell, and a seller when the market rallies or FII buying is strong.
The LIC official quoted earlier said the company booked profits of Rs 20,000-25,000 crore in the equity market every year. He added this financial year, LIC’s gross investments would stand at Rs 55,000 crore, against Rs 51,000 crore in 2013-14.
Market players believe LIC will be an aggressive buyer in the planned large-ticket disinvestment in Coal India and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, scheduled to hit the market in coming weeks.

TVS Motor: Strong on volume growth; margins a concernTVS Motor: Strong on volume growth; margins a concern
T E Narasimhan & Ram Prasad Sahu | Chennai Sep 22, 2014 10:47 PM IST
The sixfold rise in the TVS Motor Company stock — from Rs 30 in September 2013 to Rs 219 now — has its roots in events last year. After nearly three years of a slowdown in new launches, the Chennai-based TVS stepped up the pace of bringing out new vehicles from the second half of 2013-14. As a result, the company’s overall market share improved to 12.6 per cent in the June quarter (now, it is 13.2 per cent). For the company, another major event in 2013-14 was its tie-up with BMW to jointly develop high-end motorcycles (up to 500cc).
Chairman and Managing Director Venu Srinivasan has said the rise in market share results from the engineering the company has done, adding this will help it grow faster in the future.
The volume and market share gains can be attributed to a series of launches, especially in the second half of 2013-14, led by scooter TVS Jupiter, as well as Star City+. Other new products and variants include TVS Sport, TVS Phoenix 125 and TVS Apache.
In addition to the launches, the company has been plugging gaps in its product portfolio, launching the Jupiter in the heavy scooter segment and a more powerful smaller scooter, the Scooty Zest, targeted at women. Through launches such as that of the Scooty Zest, TVS plans to capture 14 per cent share in the domestic market this financial year, selling about 2.2 million two-wheelers, against 1.75 million in 2013-14.
The gains are primarily due to investments in research and development, which increased four per cent year-on-year to Rs 130 crore (1.8 per cent of revenue) for FY14. Advertisement and marketing expenditure increased 37 per cent to Rs 280 crore (3.5 per cent of revenue, against 2.9 per cent last year).
In 2014-15, the environment on the volumes front was expected to improve further, owing to the launch of the new Star City+, the company said.
In a report, Bank of America Merrill Lynch said, “We expect TVS Motor’s lifecycle of brands within its portfolio to increase from historical levels due to better execution on coming launches. This reflects our revised growth assumptions of 26 per cent each for FY15-16. Based on this projection, we think the company should be able to increase market share by 300 basis points to about 15 per cent.”
Analysts at Reliance Securities expect TVS’s volumes to rise 24 per cent to 2.58 million in FY15 and 19 per cent to 3.08 million in FY16.
“Today, we are at the fourth position. We aim to be in the top three players in India, with a stream of product launches every quarter for the next three years, which will significantly strengthen our position,” Srinivasan had told shareholders recently. “One weakness people pointed out was we didn’t have a regular product launch programme. But it was by design, not by accident,” he said.
“It is because we feel we don’t want to launch a product unless we master the field of consumer-led engineering, having deep understanding of consumer psychology and consumer aspiration and convert that to hard engineering and style. Just launching more and more new models will not necessarily improve market share; in fact, it will have bad impact on the bottom line.”
While analysts say the company will meet the Street’s expectations on the volume front, margins remain a concern. For the June quarter, the margin had fallen to a four-quarter low of 5.69 per cent, while revenue rose 31 per cent, helped by volume growth of 22 per cent, compared to the year-ago period.
In a recent report, IDBI Capital said, “While the management sounded extremely optimistic on volume growth momentum continuing across segments (along with market share gains) for TVS, it was equally unconvincing when it came to an explanation for the weak margin in first quarter. We didn’t really get clarity on the road ahead. It does expect to achieve a double-digit margin over the medium term. However, we are not too convinced on the ‘how’ part of it.”
A Karvy report said the company’s margins fell sequentially and remained flat year-on-year, despite a favourable currency. Investors were concerned, as the management said gain in market share was its priority, not margins.
The key to further re-rating will be TVS Motor’s ability to improve its margins, currently lower those of Hero MotoCorp (15 per cent) and Bajaj Auto (20 per cent). While traditional strongholds of executive and premium bikes have helped peers improve volumes and maintain pricing power, TVS Motor has suffered on account of a weak franchise network.
At 16 times, valuations are on a par with those of Bajaj Auto and Hero MotoCorp. Typically, companies with weaker margins and return ratios trade at a discount to category leaders. A lot will depend on TVS’s ability to improve its volume growth. While its plan to launch a product every quarter should help on this front, a large part of margin gains will depend on operating leverage and costs savings. If it manages to improve its margins to double digits and raises market share, it should be counted among the leaders, not an ‘also-ran’.

Two Independent Directors Resign From SAIL BoardYou are here: Home Corporates
Two Independent Directors Resign From SAIL Board
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 22, 2014 22:32 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Ahead of its annual general meeting on Tuesday, Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) said two of its independent directors, appointed by the UPA government, have resigned.
The state-run steel maker in a communique to the bourses said on Monday that independent directors Parminder Hira Mathur and N C Jha have submitted their resignations from the board with effect from September 19.
The reason for which was not mentioned in the filing.
SAIL's board has seven independent directors. Its total strength of has now shrunk to 16.
The move comes against the backdrop of removal of independent directors, appointed by the UPA government, in various state-owned companies including Coal India Ltd, ONGC, Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd (HPCL) and Mangalore Refinery & Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL).
Mr Mathur, 64, a retired bureaucrat, and Mr Jha, 62, former Coal India chairman (additional charge), were inducted into the SAIL board on February 19, 2014.
Mr Jha worked for more than 35 years in Coal India. He was also technical director in the biggest producer of the dry fuel.
A 1974 batch IAS officer of Himachal Pradesh cadre, Mr Mathur had retired as Additional Chief Secretary of the state.
Considering their "vast expertise and knowledge", SAIL had even sought shareholders' approval for retaining them as independent directors for three years till February 2017.
"Keeping in view the vast expertise and knowledge of N C Jha, Board considers it desirable that the Company should continue to avail itself of his services as a Director and recommend this Resolution for approval of the shareholders," SAIL had written in a letter to the shareholders. The same was written about Mr Mathur as well.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 22:31 (IST)

Chief Secretary calls on Central officials over L&T MetroChief Secretary calls on Central officials over L&T Metro
Our Bureau
Blames AP lobby for leak of the recent letter
Hyderabad, September 22:  
Telangana Government Chief Secretary Rajeev Sharma on Monday met Central Government representatives and apprised them of the progress the L&T Metro Rail Hyderabad project has made so far.
Accompanied by BV Papa Rao, Advisor to Telangana Government, the CS met with Union Cabinet Secretary and Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister and briefed them about the Telangana Government’s supportto the project and said there were no serious issues pending with the State Government in implantation of the project.
The CS also informed the Centre that this project was being implemented faster than any other project in the country by L&T, and all fiscal and financial milestones of implementation of this project are on target. The meeting assumes importance in the backdrop of the recent spat between Telangana Government and the L&T Metro Head here over the hardship caused to the latter due to delays in securing the right of way, which has a major bearing on the project implementation pace and also on the potential cost overrun.
Papa Rao apprised the Cabinet Secretary that the recent letter of L&T on the metro rail project and its leakage to some newspapers is the handiwork of the Andhra lobby, supported by their media to tarnish the brand image of Hyderabad.
The statement said that the Centre assured full cooperation in implementation of the project.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Rupee ends a paisa up at 60.82Rupee ends a paisa up at 60.82
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 12:06 AM IST
In lacklustre trade, the rupee on Monday closed a paisa up at 60.82 against the dollar on alternate bouts of demand and supply, snapping a four-day rising trend.
At the forex market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.85 a dollar from previous close of 60.83. It was trapped in a range of 60.7425 and 60.88 before concluding at 60.82, showing a minor rise of one paisa.
In previous four days, it had risen by 32 paise.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Monday washed out initial sharp losses and gained 116.32 points to end at two-week high. FIIs bought shares worth $18.48 million last Friday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was down 0.04 per cent against its major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said: "Rupee traded in a thin range and ended flat. Rupee is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.30 to 61.30.

Seat sharing row: BJP  Sena soften stand  alliance hopes still aliveComments
The deadlock over seat-sharing between the BJP and the Shiv Sena continued Monday but the alliance partners appeared willing to accommodate each other’s concerns, keeping hopes of reconciliation alive.
The BJP sent a fresh proposal to the Shiv Sena, offering to contest 130 seats -- five down from its initial demand of 135 --- in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly but also hinted it was ready to go it alone.
A day after it made the senior ally the “final offer” of 119 seats, the Sena -– through informal channels -- indicated it was willing to concede another six seats to the BJP, sources said. The Sena had Sunday set aside 151 seats for itself.
For weeks, the saffron combine has been fighting bitterly over the number of seats each party will contest in the October 15 state election.
The alliance fancies its chances this time and whichever party gets more seats, will also get the CM’s post.
“In a contingent situation that the BJP is compelled not to contest with the Shiv Sena, we would go it alone on all 288 seats but we will prefer that Shiv Sena comes along,” BJP general secretary in-charge for Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
Video: BJP leaders to meet Shiv Sena to save Maharashtra alliance
The BJP, said sources, was yet to receive a formal response from Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on its fresh demand for 130 seats.
“We have shown some flexibility... Sena should give us those seats where chances of its victory are nil.” There are some 59 seats that the Sena has not won in last five elections.
Late Sunday, the party’s central election committee had finalised candidates for more than 200 seats, sources said. In case of a split, the BJP would “accommodate” the three smaller parties that are part of the Mahayuti, or the grand alliance, the sources said.
Rudy has been asked go to Mumbai and settle things in the next two-three days. September 27 is the last day of filing election papers. The party’s election in-charge Om Mathur is already in Mumbai.
 
Thackeray had called up two senior BJP leaders on Sunday, but failed to secure any concession, a BJP leader told HT. The party, said sources, would wait for the “inauspicious” Pitrapaksha to end -- on September 24 --before announcing candidates.
Read: BJP rejects Sena's 'final' offer
The BJP leaders say they want the alliance to work but a break-up with Sena wouldn’t put the party at a disadvantage.
“We will get an opportunity to make inroads in urban areas where Modi magic will give us an advantage,” a BJP leader said on condition of anonymity.
Rudy earlier said that his party had sent “a very liberal proposal” to Sena as the 130 seats include the “worst” possible seats which its ally had never won in last 30 years. Traditionally, the Shiv Sena has fought more seats than the BJP, which wants a bigger share this time following its Lok Sabha victory.

SLAM! The Tour: SRK and Deepika perform liveCelebrity
Live performances from SLAM! The Tour
SRK, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood, Vivaan Shah and Farah Khan have been promoting their upcoming movie 'Happy New Year' on their promotional venture SLAM! The Tour. A dekho
Vancouver and San Jose concerts where the two cities where the US/ Canada part of the tour concluded recently.
1 / 30

Registering property gets more expensive as circle rates go up in DelhiRegistering property gets more expensive as circle rates go up in Delhi
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 00:39 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:51 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
Registering your property will be an expensive affair from Tuesday with the Delhi government notifying the new circle rates in the capital. Circle rate is the minimum amount a buyer pays for registration.
Sources said as there was no elected government in Delhi, the authorities saw it as a good opportunity to increase the circle rates and increase its revenue. Circles rates were last revised by the Sheila Dikshit government in 2012.
Circle rates are different for various categories of properties as prescribed by the municipal corporations and are calculated under the unit area method. The entire city has been divided into eight categories, A to H. The A category is given to the most affluent colony.
While circle rates have been increased across the board by 20% for all categories, Delhi government officials maintained that they are still quite less than the prevailing market rates at which transactions are taking place.
“It has been noticed that the actual transactions are taking place at the rate of an amount much less than the prevalent market rates. 
To curb the flow of black money, it has become important to rationalize the minimum circle rates on a regular basis,” said a senior Delhi government official.
A senior Delhi government official said the move would not necessarily lead to an increase in the property prices. “Property owners might benefit from the move as banks also generally give loan according to the prevalent circle rates in the area,” added the official.

Dilemmes de filles pour la premire nuit chez un hommePremière nuit chez un homme: les dilemmes cachés des filles
Terrafemina  | Par                                                                Adèle Bréau
Mis à jour:
20/09/2014 13h13 CEST
Voici quelques-unes de ces situations gênantes que les femmes gèrent sur le tas avec brio | David Falk via Getty Images
E-mail
Commenter
SEXUALITÉ - A part votre cousine Marie-Appoline qui a épousé son cousin germain, et n’a pas partagé sa couche avant sa nuit de noces, on a toutes passé au moins une fois la nuit chez un mec chez lequel on n’avait ni brosse à dents ni culotte de rechange. Quiproquos, arrangements avec la vérité, problèmes olfactifs et visuels… voici quelques-unes de ces situations gênantes que les femmes, en princesses qu’elles sont, gèrent sur le tas avec brio. Comme le reste, quoi !
Gérer le "Bon bah je vais y aller"
Après le resto, subtilement choisi par votre partenaire en bas de chez lui, vous vous êtes naïvement rendue sur les lieux du crime pour découvrir, enfin, sa collection de mangas. Quatre heures plus tard, vous voilà toujours affalée sur le canapé, l’épaule ankylosée à force de prendre des pauses à la Mariah Carey en attendant qu’il veuille bien se jeter sur vous (bah quoi?). Toutes les soixante minutes, pourtant, et ce afin de conserver un semblant de cette dignité inculquée par votre grand-mère, vous glissez un "Bon… bah j’vais y aller, hein…". Ben voyons...
Se laver les dents… ou pas?
Le lavage de dents est une situation clé de la nuit prétendument improvisée. Elle n’induit que 4 solutions possibles :
Sauter le brossage de dents (avec les 47 clopes fumées sur le canapé et la bouteille de rouge qui l’a précédée, on déconseille…)
Piquer discrétos la brosse du monsieur dans la salle de bains, avant de l'essuyer avec application, poil par poil, avec la serviette de bain suspecte qui pendouille au crochet, pour masquer votre crime.
Sortir VOTRE brosse à dents, que vous aviez bien évidemment glissée dans votre sac. Présomptueux certes mais prévoyant (qui rime une fois de plus avec bon vivant).
Se passer de brosse, écraser une grosse boule de dentifrice sur son index et barbouiller autant que faire se peut l’intérieur de sa bouche avec beaucoup de pâte mentholée. Arroser d'eau et terminer par un gros gargarisme. Technique conseillé par l’auteur de ces lignes.
Dealer le prêt d’un "vêtement de nuit"
Dans vos rêves les plus fous, après des ébats torrides et la découverte exhaustive de vos nudités respectives, vous auriez sauté dans le large bas de pyjama de soie de votre nouvel homme, déambulant, mutine, le cheveu sauvage et le sein alerte, dans son appart immaculé sur des airs de jazz. Las, horrifiée, vous acceptez sans rechigner le tee-shirt Flodor et fute à la Kriss Kross (Yo !) que votre dieu du sexe vous tend. Fesses molles et nues ? Tee-shirt Flodor ? Laquelle de ces deux tenues vous rendra le plus hommage lorsque vous vous lèverez pour aller faire pipi ? À vous de voir.
Se démaquiller… ou pas?
Dilemme suprême. Après votre lavage de dents au doigt, vous tombez horrifiée sur votre reflet dans ce qui sert de miroir à cette salle de bain. En mode Panda, vous aurez  encore une fois plusieurs solutions :
Essuyer ce qui dépasse de l’œil avec votre index imbibé de salive (yummi).
Considérer que ce résultat très smoky eye vous rend plus sexy que jamais (avec le tee-shirt Flodor seriously ?).
Choper le savon de Marseille et débarbouiller tout ça. Prier ensuite pour qu’une quelconque substance grasse traîne quelque part pour un semblant d’hydratation de la peau.
Conseil de l’auteur : en dessous de 25 ans, smoky eyes. Au-dessus, savon de Marseille / crème fraîche.

Echoes of Law in 1974 as Manchester City s Frank Lampard shuns celebrationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Samsung  Honda  Mercedes heads among invitees to Make in IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

HUL CEO lays down growth challenge for managersYou are here: Home > Collections > India
How HUL CEO Sanjiv Mehta is taking forward the process of embracing the market
Kala Vijayraghavan, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 04.40AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(In challenging HUL managers,…)
A year into his tenure as CEO of Hindustan Unilever, Sanjiv Mehta has made his most significant move yet. Convinced new consumers can be found in heaps in the mosaic that is the Indian market, Mehta is giving his managers a new structure to go find it. In challenging HUL managers, he's taking forward the process of embracing the market his predecessor Nitin Paranjpe began.
When Sanjiv Mehta moved to Mumbai last October to take charge of Hindustan Unilever, India's largest FMCG company, it had been 21 years since he last worked in the country. Yet, the son of an RBI accountant who grew up in Mumbai intuitively describes this melting pot of India as "home" and himself as a "Mumbaikar". "When I reach the turn around the museum at Colaba, the years go by in a roll," he says. "Mumbai has been my home for so many years. My mother lives in Colaba."
Still, for Mehta, returning to India with some sense of permanence, and travelling across it, has been about renewing old attachments and finding new ones. That question of identity — just what is India, especially as a consumer — lies at the heart of the change Mehta is trying to sell to his own managers, many of whom have built Hindustan Unilever into a Rs 29,233 crore company and who, at various points in time, have shrugged to say there's little room for this giant to grow in the India they know. It's a notion Mehta is challenging.
"None of the categories in which we operate are saturated. Not even soaps and detergents, which are highly penetrated categories," says Mehta. "If the per-capita consumption in fabric conditioner was to increase to the same level as Vietnam, the market in India for fabric conditioners would be 40X larger." Mehta is laying down the marker in the inimitable way that has come to define the 55-year-old a leader: firm without being rude, purposeful rather than preachy, looking ahead and not back. The admittance that HUL could have done better on the growth front is implicit in his argument, but is subdued in its expression. The expression, instead, is all about structure.
That structure is formally named 'winning in many Indias', or WIMI, and it was rolled out on September 21. In his one year at HUL, which he will complete this October 10, this is Mehta's most significant move.
Previously, HUL made sales via a structure that broke up India into four regions. As part of WIMI, a fifth region has been added. More importantly, sales will now be flanked — and fed — by consumer insights from a parallel geographical structure that carves out India into 14 parts. The philosophy is to change HUL's responsiveness from a place of being largely homogenous (seeing India as a few big markets) to a place that is a lot more heterogeneous (seeing India as a mosaic of markets). The idea is identify sales gaps and market-creation opportunities — of which, Mehta believes there are ample, even for a large company like HUL — and to infuse it with a growth mindset again.
It's the classic HUL leadership template, quips a former senior company official, and every new CEO does this. "Everyone has to justify changes," he says, on the condition of anonymity. "Undeniably this focus will help... but HUL has been around for 70-80 years. What new findings are there that they haven't yet discovered in India?" He believes that no what matter what HUL does, it will struggle to fend off the scatter of regional players.
CK Ranganathan, founder-chairman of CavinKare, a South India-based competitor, is more circumspect in his assessment. "They seem to be focussing in small parts through smaller structures and sharper teams," says Ranganathan, whose company owns brands such as Nyle, Chik and Fairever. "That will help them win in various smaller markets. One of course needs to wait to see how effective that is."
 
The consolidation
Mehta could not wait. He began his homework on India between his appointment as the new HUL chief and his actual move from Dubai, where he was handling 20 emerging markets for parent Unilever as its chairman, North Africa and Middle East. "I had sent a note to my management-committee members, seeking detailed insights and information into their part of the business," he recounts. "And when I moved here, I did the deep-dive sessions and met a large cross-section of people, from managers in my team in groups and individually to consumers for feedback about my business."
When he did move here, the Indian economy was facing economic headwinds. HUL had used price hikes and cost control to not only protect its operating margins, but even grow them. The issue was growth. For the year ended December 2013, its sales grew a lame 8%.
Mehta began incrementally: for example, renovating and innovating in several big brands, including Pond's men range of personal care products, Tresemme hair care and Magnum ice-creams. Meanwhile, economic sentiment improved. At 13%, HUL's revenue growth in the April to June quarter was the its highest in five quarters.

GMR Infra seeks Sebi nod for Rs 1.5K cr rights issueGMR Infrastructure Ltd seeks Sebi nod for Rs 1,500 crore rights issue
PTI Sep 22, 2014, 06.23PM IST
Tags:
Axis Capital
(The company would issue…)
MUMBAI: GMR Infrastructure Ltd has sought market regulator Sebi's clearance to raise up to Rs 1,500 crore through a rights issue.
The company would issue equity shares for an aggregate amount "not exceeding Rs 1,500 crore on a rights basis" to its shareholders, a draft letter filed by the firm with Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Sebi ) showed.
In a rights issue, shares are issued to existing investors as per their holding at a pre-determined price and ratio.
The funds raised from the issue would be utilised towards repayment of certain borrowings availed by GMR Infrastructure, investment in its subsidiary -- GMR Energy Ltd -- as well as for general corporate purposes, the company said in the draft offer letter.
JM Financial Institutional Securities , Axis Capital , ICICI Securities and SBI Capital Markets are the lead managers to the issue. Karvy Computershare is the registrar to the issue.
The company said that it "has received in-principle approvals from the BSE and the NSE for listing the equity shares to be allotted pursuant to the issue".
GMR Infrastructure has interest in sectors such as airports, roads, power plants and urban infrastructure.
For the year ended March 31, 2014, the consolidated income of the company from operations stood at about Rs 10,567 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US stocks settle lower as China  oil weigh on marketsUS stocks settle lower as China  oil weigh on markets
Alibaba makes profit in India; Flipkart in t...You are here: Home > Collections
Alibaba makes profit in India; Flipkart continues to be in the red
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 04.37AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba
(More than 1.3 million suppliers…)
MUMBAI: Alibaba.com India Ecommerce has made profits in two financial years since entering India. In contrast, India's largest online player Flipkart continues to be in the red after more than six years of operations, although the scale differs vastly.
The Indian unit of Alibaba posted a profit of more than Rs 1 crore on sales of Rs 20 crore in the year ended March 2013, according to the latest financial numbers available with the Registrar of Companies. Alibaba's filing also shows that it bought EasyBusiness India E-commerce in December 2010 to enter the market, renaming the company in the process. "We are currently in a quiet period," said Pamela Munoz, manager, international corporate communications, at Alibaba.
More than 1.3 million suppliers are listed on Alibaba's Indian website, second just to its home market China's 8.2 million. To be sure, Alibaba's sales numbers are a fraction of online players such as Flipkart that puts revenue at nearly Rs 6,000 crore, or even its own sales in other countries. That's because Alibaba operates an online business-tobusiness (B2B) marketplace together unlike Amazon or Flipkart that sell products to end consumers directly.
Experts feel that the wide supplier base for Alibaba in India doesn't necessarily mean higher sales as order sizes in India are still relatively smaller than China or other countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Be ready for a regional war  President Xi tells Chinese troopsprint
The People’s Liberation Army (PLA) should be combat ready for a regional war, President Xi Jinping has said, adding that the armed forces’ chain of command should strictly follow the central leadership’s instructions.
Addressing a closed door meeting with top PLA officers on Sunday, Xi said the armed forces should have complete faith and loyalty to the ruling Communist Party of China (CPC) leadership.
Following the meeting, the Chinese defence ministry issued a statement on Monday, stating that the PLA must follow orders issued by President Xi.
Besides being the President and the head of the Communist Party of China (CPC), Xi also heads the powerful Central Military Commission (CMC), which oversees China’s vast armed forces, the largest in the world.
“All PLA forces should follow the instructions of President Xi and update their operations to meet new goals and missions set by the CMC,” the defence ministry statement said.
It was not the first time that Xi has urged the PLA to be ready for a “regional war”, but the statement assumes significance as he said it again days after incursions by the Chinese army cast a long shadow over his three-day India visit.
In the order of things, the PLA is expected to always follow the lead from the civilian government. But Monday’s statement reiterating that fact could trigger speculation among strategists whether the chain of command leading up to Xi was, in fact, working smoothly or not.
 “Headquarters of PLA forces must have absolute loyalty and firm faith in the CPC, guarantee a smooth chain of command and make sure all decisions from the central leadership are fully implemented,” Xi was quoted as telling the officers in the meeting.
Xi then urged them to be combat ready for a “regional war”.
“Headquarters of all PLA forces should improve their combat readiness and sharpen their ability to win a regional war in the age of information technology,” he said.
Official news agency, Xinhua, quoted him as saying that the PLA should “strictly discipline themselves and the armies as well as contribute to the reform of national defence”.
The PLA chiefs of staff met in Beijing on Sunday to discuss how to improve “the efficiency of military command under new circumstances”.
Military commanders should have a better understanding of international and domestic security situations as well as the latest military development, Xi said. Meanwhile, the foreign ministry on Monday continued to play down the PLA incursion into Ladakh.
“We can say that President Xi’s visit to India has removed some of the suspicions of the two countries and pushed bilateral relations to a new age,” spokesperson, Hua Chunying said.
 “As for border issue, and whether it will influence President Xi’s visit, I want to say that this is totally unnecessary suspicion because two leaders have reached important consensus on politically resolving the border issue through a friendly mechanism. We have an effective mechanism for the border issue…and through effective communication can resolve and control disputes.”
She declined to comment on the decision by the Indian government to withdraw clearances for senior Chinese journalists who were heading to New Delhi to attend a media exchange programme.

10 dead in flash floods  landslides in Assam10 dead in flash floods, landslides in Assam
Digambar Patowary , Hindustan Times  Guwahati, September 22, 2014
First Published: 18:02 IST(22/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:40 IST(22/9/2014)
Comments
Incessant rains in Assam and Meghalaya since Sunday morning have triggered flash floods in Assam, leaving 10 people dead. Over eight lakh people have been affected by the rains.
With the situation in the districts of Goalpara and Dhubri being especially dire, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi has directed the administration to step up rescue and rehabilitation efforts. 
Deputy commissioner of Goalpara district, Pritam Saikia said that the tributaries of the Brahmaputra, originating from the hills in Meghalaya and passing through the district, have started overflowing since Monday.
“Water levels have been rising and much of the district is inundated. Teams from the state disaster response force and national disaster response force (NDRF) have been deployed to help those marooned. We have also sought help from the Army,” said Saikia.
The southern district of Kamrup, under which the city of Guwahati falls, has also been badly affected and the administration has opened two relief camps to help those affected.
“In view of the flood situation, we have asked all educational institutes to remain closed. A NDRF team have been deployed to rescue marooned people in Anil Nagar and Nabin Nagar area”, said M Angamoothu, deputy commissioner of Kamrup Metro district.
The Regional Meteorological Centre (RMC) here predicted more rains in next 48 hours in Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya.

IFCI to Partially Offload Stake in Tourism Finance CorpYou are here: Home Corporates
IFCI to Partially Offload Stake in Tourism Finance Corp
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 23, 2014 00:30 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: IFCI will partially disinvest its shareholding in Tourism Finance Corporation of India in the ongoing financial year (2014-15).
"IFCI will partially disinvest its shareholding in Tourism Finance Corporation of India Limited in financial year 2014-15," it said in a filing to the BSE.
A promoter group entity of Tourism Finance Corp, IFCI holds a 42.5 per cent stake in the company.
Other promoters of the company include State Bank of India (SBI), Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), Bank of India, United India Insurance and Oriental Insurance Corp.
The promoters together hold 66.86 per cent in Tourism Finance.
Shares in the company, on Monday, ended at Rs 47.70 apiece on the BSE, down 1.04 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 22:20 (IST)

Housing Data Hits Wall Street; S&P Has Worst Day Since August 5You are here: Home Market
Housing Data Hits Wall Street; S&P Has Worst Day Since August 5
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 07:26 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
New York: US stocks closed lower on Monday, with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day decline since early August, as the latest housing data came in much weaker than expected, raising new concerns about the rate of growth in the economy.
Equities were also pressured after China's finance minister indicated the country would not increase stimulus measures in response to some weak data of its own.
Existing home sales fell 1.8 per cent in August, far from the growth of 1 per cent that had been expected. An index of housing shares lost 2 per cent as one of the weakest sectors on the day. Among specific stocks, D. R. Horton lost 2.6 per cent to $21.37, while Beazer Homes was off 2.8 per cent at $18.09 and Toll Brothers shed 3.1 per cent to $32.41.
The housing number "points to less strength in the US recovery," said Rex Macey, chief allocation officer at Wilmington Trust Investment Advisors in Atlanta, Georgia. "Housing is just too important to the economy, and to have this kind of weakness puts a pretty dark cloud over the market."
In China, Finance Minister Lou Jiwei said the country would not dramatically alter its economic policy because of any one economic indicator. The comments come as recent data has been weak, leading many analysts to lower their growth forecasts for the country.
The Bank of New York Mellon's index of Chinese American Depositary Receipts fell 2.1 per cent.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 107.06 points, or 0.62 per cent, to 17,172.68, the S&P 500 lost 16.11 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 1,994.29 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 52.10 points, or 1.14 per cent, to 4,527.69. The day marked the biggest one-day decline for the S&P since August 5, and the biggest for the Nasdaq since July 31.
With the day's decline, the S&P 500 closed below its 14-day moving average for the first time since September 15. The technical level is a key indicator of short-term momentum.
The day's losses were broad, with all 10 primary S&P 500 sectors lower on the day. About 80 per cent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed lower, while 77 per cent of Nasdaq-listed shares ended in negative territory.
Consumer discretionary was the weakest sector on the day, down 1.5 per cent. TripAdvisor fell 4.1 per cent to $94.29 after the company's Viator unit on Friday said the payment card and personal information of about 880,000 customers might have been breached.
In company news, Sigma-Aldrich soared 33.2 per cent after German drugs and chemicals maker Merck KGaA agreed to acquire the company for $17 billion in cash.
About 5.99 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data, compared with the month-to-date average of 5.97 billion.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Billionaires hoarding piles of cashSep 23, 2014, 08.31 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
Billionaires hoarding piles of cash
"This increased liquidity signals that many billionaires are keeping their money on the sidelines and waiting for the optimal moment to make further investments," according to the new Billionaire Census from Wealth-X and UBS.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Billionaires hoarding piles of cash
"This increased liquidity signals that many billionaires are keeping their money on the sidelines and waiting for the optimal moment to make further investments," according to the new Billionaire Census from Wealth-X and UBS.
Post your opinion here
 
Billionaires are holding mountains of cash, offering the latest sign that the ultra-wealthy are nervous about putting more money into today's markets.
According to the new Billionaire Census from Wealth-X and UBS, the world's billionaires are holding an average of USD 600 million in cash each — greater than the gross domestic product of Dominica. That marks a jump of USD 60 million from a year ago and translates into billionaires' holding an average of 19 percent of their net worth in cash.
"This increased liquidity signals that many billionaires are keeping their money on the sidelines and waiting for the optimal moment to make further investments," the study said.
Indeed, billionaires' cash holdings far exceed their investments in real estate. Their real-estate holdings average USD 160 million per billionaire, or about one-fifth of their cash holdings.
Simon Smiles, chief investment officer for Ultra High Net Worth at UBS Wealth Management, said that the billionaire families and family offices he talks to are focused largely on the same question: What to do with all their cash.
Read More: Top city for millionaire growth: Dallas
"The apparent safety of cash, reinforced by the painful psychological experience of the 2008-09 global financial crisis and the subsequent troubles within the European Monetary Union, likely reinforces the tendency to favor this cautious allocation strategy," Smiles said in the report.
But he said creeping inflation threatens to erode cash values, so he's advising clients to take on "considered amounts of risk" with interest rate swaps, credit default swaps, or selling rates or foreign exchange derivatives.
Read More: Chinese millionaires plan to leave in droves: Poll
Yet in today's increasingly frothy market environment, and after the hangover of 2009, today's billionaires prefer a return of their assets rather than a return on assets. And in fact, they may be happy with a small loss rather than risk a larger one.
Smiles said that the large cash holdings aren't specific to billionaires—millionaires and multimillionaires are also holding cash hordes, on the order of 20 percent to 30 percent of their net worth.
Read More: 7 richest American entrepreneurs
The wealthy are still traumatized by the financial crisis in 2009, when many wealthy families were scrambling for cash, he said. What's more, many wealthy families missed out on the big financial-market rallies in 2012 and 2013 and feel like they missed the best chance to invest.
"It's the combination of many people having been under-invested in equities and under-invested in wide risk assets having seen rallies and missed those rallies," he said. "Things are no longer cheap, and it's emotionally hard to get invested now."
RELATED NEWS

PM Modi to observe strict fast during US trip  to only consume lemonade  teaSep 24, 2014 at  12:16pm IST
PM Modi to observe strict fast during US trip, to only consume lemonade, tea
27
2
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will observe a strict religious fast during his maiden trip to the United States, aides said on Monday, in a test both of the 64-year-old leader's stamina and of protocol in the Obama White House.
Throughout a gruelling schedule that features the United Nations General Assembly, a rally of Indian Americans at New York's Madison Square Garden and talks with Obama in Washington, Modi will abstain from food.
In keeping with the habits of a lifetime, Modi will restrict himself to a "liquid diet" throughout the Navratri festival, when Hindus worship goddess Durga in all her manifestations.
In keeping with the habits of a lifetime, Modi will restrict himself to a "liquid diet" throughout the Navratri festival.
#narendra modi #us trip #modi us offbeat #modi us visit
"He will only consume lemonade with some honey and a cup of tea every day," a senior official in Modi's office in New Delhi said.
"He has been fasting for the last four decades and does not want to change this pattern even while he is travelling," added the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Navratri, derived from the ancient Sanskrit words 'nine nights', falls this year from September 25 to October 3. The festival spans Modi's first trip to the United States since he triumphed in a general election in May.
It culminates on the tenth day, known as Dussehra, which marks the victory of good over evil.
Millions of Hindus fast, pray and dance to please the mother goddess during Navratri. Some restrict their diet to fruit and vegetables while spurning meat, onions and garlic. Others, like Modi, a strict vegetarian, do not eat at all.
"He wakes up at 4 AM, meditates, prays and carries his own bottle of lemonade with him," said another government official who has worked closely with Modi for 12 years.
"Doctors had suggested that he should consume fruits and more juices but he has refused to make any dietary additions during the Navratri celebrations," said a senior minister in Gujarat, where Modi served as chief minister for more than a decade.
"In the US you will not see him having dinner or lunch with Obama," said the state minister, who is also close to Modi.
Another Indian government source said the White House had been informed of Modi's dietary requirements. The US embassy in New Delhi declined to comment.
US officials have indicated that President Barack Obama would not treat Modi to a state dinner, as Modi did not hold the rank of head of state. Obama did, however, accord this honour to Modi's predecessor, Manmohan Singh.
As a young man, Modi left home to seek enlightenment, finding inspiration from the writings of philosopher-monk Swami Vivekananda, who propagated the Hindu faith at the Parliament of Religions in Chicago in 1893.
Modi's Hindu nationalist credo came under close scrutiny over sectarian rioting in his home state of Gujarat in 2002 in which more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, were killed.
Modi has denied wrongdoing and was exonerated in a Supreme Court investigation.
In 2011, Modi fasted for three days to promote religious harmony in Gujarat, involving several Muslim religious leaders in the event to gain their political support.
59

Flash floods in Assam  Meghalaya; 10 dead  over 1 lakh affectedSep 23, 2014 at 08:15am IST
Flash floods in Assam, Meghalaya; 10 dead, over 1 lakh affected
43
0
Guwahati: Flash floods have wreaked havoc in Assam and Meghalaya, leaving at least 10 people dead and over 1 lakh affected. Incessant rain over the past 24 hours has caused heavy waterlogging in Guwahati with water levels in the Brahmaputra river rising.
In Meghalaya, heavy rains lashed the state inundating over 100 villages. All educational institutes will be closed in Guwhati due to heavy rains and waterlogging. The Met department has warned of more heavy rains.
Seven persons were killed in Meghalaya's South West Garo Hills district after heavy rains lashed the area inundating over 100 villages and affecting over one lakh people, district Deputy Commissioner (DC) Ram Singh said. "Seven persons have lost their lives in the floods with over 100 villages inundated and more than one lakh people affected," Singh said, adding the rains have led to flooding in the Ganol River badly affecting crops and livestock, besides hampering relief activities in the area. In the West Garo Hills district of the state, several villages have been inundated by the flood waters of Jinjiram River, the DC said.
Incessant rain over the past 24 hours has caused heavy waterlogging in Guwahati with water levels in the Brahmaputra river rising.
#assam #meghalaya #flash floods #floods
In the meantime, heavy rainfall caused severe floods in the state claiming three lives and leaving several villages in Goalpara, Dhubri, Lakhimpur and Kamrup (Rural) districts, besides Guwahati inundated. The Army, BSF and NDRF were assisting the district administration in rescue operations.
Hatsingimari and Mancachar in Dhubri district were the worst-hit with the BSF, NDRF and SDRF personnel evacuating over 5,000 marooned people to safer places, a Chief Minister's Office (CMO) spokesman said. A landslide claimed the life of a child in Hatsingimari area, district administration officials said.
In severely waterlogged Guwahati, which is under Kamrup (Metropolitan) district, a body was recovered from Bharalu river flowing through the city, while a 71-year old man identified as Ashib Bhattacharjee was electrocuted in the waterlogged Netaji Road in Lalganesh area here, they said. Kamrup Metropolitan district Deputy Commissioner M Angamathu said a relief centre with food and water has been set up for the succour of the people of Guwahati's Anil Nagar. All education institutions in Guwahati have also been ordered to remain close tomorrow in view of the waterlogging and the exams to be rescheduled, Angamathu said.
Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, who is closely monitoring the situation, asked the Chief Secretary and the Deputy Commissioners of Dhubri and Goalpara to take all measures and evacuate the marooned people and move them to safer places with the help of personnel from NDRF, SDRF and other agencies, a CMO release said adding helplines with numbers - 0361-2733052; 0361-2237042 and 8811007000 have been set up for assistance to flood affected people in Guwahati.
Flood waters have also marooned over 30,000 people of 30 villages in the Kharkati and Borsola area in Lakhimpur district, the officials said. Forecasting no let up in the rainfall in the next two days, the MeT office said the south-west monsoon has been active over Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya since Sunday. Light to heavy rains have occurred in several areas in Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura since yesterday, it said.
A report from Aizawl said the Mizoram government has issued a warning in all the eight districts saying there is a possibility of extreme weather conditions in the state and neighbouring states during the next two days. The warning said heavy rainfall could hit northeastern states like Mizoram, Manipur, Nagaland, Sikkim and Tripura during September 23 and 24.
(With additional information from PTI)
60

Shiv Sena firm so BJP draws hard line  puts in place go-it-alone planShiv Sena firm so BJP draws hard line, puts in place go-it-alone plan
Shubhangi Khapre , Liz Mathew | New Delhi, Mumbai | Published:  Sep 23 2014, 08:28  IST
Sep 23 2014, 08:28  IST
 

The Lion King  earns record box office collectionsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

CCI raids JCB offices for unfair trade practiceCompetition Commission of India raids JCB offices for unfair trade practice
ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 03.27AM IST
Tags:
(Under the current Act, the…)
By Rajat Arora
NEW DELHI: In a first, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has raided offices of UK-based construction equipment maker JCB in connection with a case of abuse of dominant position to keep away competitors from the market.
The regulator had ordered a detailed probe into the matter after finding prima-facie evidence that JCB India and its subsidiary JC Bamford Excavators had abused their dominant position in market for construction equipment.
"JCB wasn't cooperating with the probe. We had no option but to raid premises in NCR . The documents and the data obtained would be checked thoroughly to take the investigation to a conclusion," a CCI official said.
Under the current Act, the Director General (DG) can conduct such raids after obtaining a warrant from the chief metropolitan magistrate. It's the first instance where CCI has raided the compound of the company.
In response to an email query from ET, JCB India said it would fully cooperate with the CCI. "JCB India takes compliance with competition rules very seriously and will co-operate fully with CCI in connection with its investigation. The company is fully confident that the Commission will reject the baseless allegations upon completion of its investigation," a statement from JCB India said.
The investigation was initiated after a complaint by the Coimbatore-based Bull Machines, also a construction equipment maker, had alleged that JCB India had abused the judicial system to restrain it and its dealers from dealing in backhoe loaders, a machine used in construction activities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty trading flat; TCS  RIL  Maruti Suzuki top gainersSensex, Nifty trading flat; TCS, RIL, Maruti Suzuki top gainers
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 09.28AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a narrow range on Tuesday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets . TCS, RIL , Sun Pharma and Maruti Suzuki were top Sensex gainers.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a range, supported by gains in IT, power, oil & gas and consumer durable stocks .
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,202.77, down 4.2 points or 0.02 per cent. It touched a high of 27252.06 and a low of 27186.08 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8146, up 0.20 point or 0.01 per cent. It touched a high of 8149.85 and a low of 8137.90 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.35 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.60 per cent.
TCS (up 1.03 per cent), Infosys (up 0.80 per cent), NTPC (up 0.70 per cent), ICICI Bank (up 0.68 per cent) and Maruti Suzuki (up 0.65 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
M&M (down 0.9 per cent), ITC (down 0.71 per cent), HUL (down 0.55 per cent), HDFC Bank (down 0.53 per cent) and L&T (down 0.51 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian rupee opens lower at 60.94 per dollarSep 23, 2014, 09.23 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian rupee opens lower at 60.94 per dollar
Indian rupee has opened lower by 13 paise at 60.94 per dollar on Tuesday compared to previous day's closing value of 60.81 a dollar.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian rupee opens lower at 60.94 per dollar
Indian rupee has opened lower by 13 paise at 60.94 per dollar on Tuesday compared to previous day's closing value of 60.81 a dollar.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian rupee has opened lower by 13 paise at 60.94 per dollar on Tuesday compared to previous day's closing value of 60.81 a dollar.
Ashutosh Raina,  HDFC Bank feels the focus now shifts to growth concerns in China. "Markets will be keenly awaiting the HSBC Manufacturing PMI today. The dollar strength has been the theme recently, with dollar index just shy of the psychological number of 85," he adds.
According to him, locally, the story of FII flows and Central Bank intervention continues. He expects the USD/INR pair to trade in 60.50-61.50/USD range.
RELATED NEWS

5 erreurs que mme les plus grands fans de "Friends" n ont jamais remarquesPrevious Story
Next Story
"Friends" a 20 ans : 5 erreurs que vous n'avez jamais remarquées, même si vous êtes un fan absolu
E-mail
Commenter
SÉRIES TV - Friends est peut-être l’une des meilleures séries télé de tous les temps mais, en dix saisons , elle a accumulé pas mal d’incohérences: antécédents familiaux à géométrie variable, noms orthographiés différemment, Ross qui se remet à aimer les glaces… Rien de bien méchant. Mais le plus frustrant, ce sont les incohérences narratives qui touchent plusieurs épisodes.
20 ans jour pour jour après la diffusion du premier épisode de la série culte, le 22 septembre 1994, voici quelques unes des plus grosses gaffes scénaristiques. Attention: vous ne regarderez plus jamais Friends de la même façon.
1. Les âges des personnages changent d’une saison à l’autre
Dans "Ceux qui avaient trente ans" (saison 7), Rachel est la dernière à passer le cap fatidique de la trentaine et son anniversaire la déprime. Une série de flashbacks nous montrent les 30 ans de chacun de ses colocataires.
Le problème, c’est que le plus jeune, c’est Joey. Dans l’épisode "Celui qui a failli rater l’accouchement", diffusé lors de la première saison, il expliquait qu’il avait 25 ans. Rachel était censée avoir presque un an de plus, comme Monica, puisqu’elles étaient au lycée ensemble.
En plus, l’anniversaire de Rachel a lieu au mois de mai, comme elle le raconte à Gunther dans "Celui qui avait une nouvelle copine". Mais, dans la 7e saison, elle affirme à un policier qu’elle est Verseau (ce qui implique qu’elle est née en janvier ou en février).
L’âge des autres membres du groupe est tout aussi incohérent: Ross a notamment 29 ans pendant trois saisons (3, 4 et 5).
2. Rachel ne pouvait pas avoir un double de l’appartement de Monica puisque la serrure avait été changée
Dans "Celui qui ratait Thanksgiving" (saison 10), Monica et Chandler ferment leur porte à clé quand leurs invités se pointent en retard au dîner de Thanksgiving qu’ils ont préparé. Rachel explique qu’elle a un double qui date de l’époque où elle habitait là, et elle entrouvre la porte, mais Joey se retrouve coincé dans l’embrasure à cause de la chaînette de sécurité. Quand Chandler lui ouvre, pendant que Monica est au téléphone, Joey s’étale sur la table en envoyant tout valser. Heureusement, Monica ne lui en veut pas, parce qu’elle vient d’apprendre qu’ils allaient pouvoir adopter un enfant. Un moment parfait !
Le problème, c’est que la porte n’aurait jamais dû s’ouvrir. Joey et Phoebe avaient malencontreusement fermé l’appartement de Monica à clé dans "Celui qui découvrait sa paternité" (saison 8). Pour entrer, Joey avait dû dire au gardien qu’il y avait une fuite de gaz. Plutôt que de chercher un double, celui-ci avait préféré appeler les pompiers pour défoncer la porte. Il avait ensuite dit à Joey et Phoebe qu’il ferait changer les serrures.
3. Ross a eu plus d’une partenaire sexuelle avant Rachel
Dans "Celui avec George" (saison 1), Ross avoue à Chandler et Joey que son ex-femme, Carol, est la seule femme avec qui il a couché. A plusieurs reprises pendant les premières saisons, il maintient que Carol était une fille vraiment pas comme les autres et que Rachel n’est que sa deuxième copine (redécouvrez leur premier baiser dans la vidéo ci-dessus).
Mais dans "Celui qui retrouvait son rôle" (saison 7), Ross accuse Chandler d’avoir couché avec la femme de ménage quand ils étaient à la fac. Chandler rétorque que c’est Ross qui a couché avec elle. Ross ne conteste pas les faits et se contente de rappeler: "Peu importe, t’as embrassé un mec!"
4. Chandler savait déjà glisser un billet
Tandis qu’ils attendent qu’une table se libère au restaurant dans "Celui qui se déguisait" (saison 7), Monica dit à Chandler de glisser un billet au maître d’hôtel. Chandler lui demande où elle a eu cette idée, et si son ex Richard faisait ce genre de chose.
Pourtant, dans un épisode de la 2e saison, "Celui qui se met à parler", Chandler et Joey s’étaient amusés à imiter le copain vraiment "extra" de Monica en se refilant à tour de rôle le même billet. Richard était arrivé à ce moment-là et les avait complimentés, laissant entendre qu’il leur avait appris comment faire.
La question de Chandler à Monica est donc incompréhensible. Sans compter qu’il a vraiment l’air doué, comme on le voit dans le GIF ci-dessus. Il ne regarde même pas ce qu’il fait!
5. L’appartement du gros tout nu que Ross veut récupérer est situé dans un immeuble qui a été détruit
Dans "Celui qui découvre tout" (saison 5), on apprend que le gros tout nu s’est décidé à déménager. Ross, qui veut à tout prix récupérer l’appartement, se rend chez lui, se déshabille et déguste des mini muffins . Le reste du groupe se régale en l’observant.
Ce qui est plus improbable encore, c’est que l’immeuble d’en face change complètement au fil des saisons de Friends. Au point qu’il semble avoir été entièrement rasé puis reconstruit entre la première apparition du gros tout nu et cet épisode. Il est peu probable que ce voisin peu recommandable ait pu récupérer exactement le même appartement!
Et, puisqu’on parle d’architecture, c’est du grand n’importe quoi. Le balcon de l’appartement de Monica change de taille et on ne le voit pas dans les plans filmés depuis l’extérieur de l’immeuble. Ces mêmes séquences montrent que les appartements de Monica et de Joey n’ont d’ailleurs pas escalier de secours…
Bonus : Chandler, Joey et Ross, pourtant fans de Piège de cristal, sont incapables de reconnaître Bruce Willis
Les scénaristes de "Celui qui rencontrait le père" (saison 6) semblent avoir pris le parti d’assumer cette incohérence. Bruce Willis a d’ailleurs accepté de faire une courte apparition dans cet épisode après avoir perdu un pari avec Matthew Perry.
Dans ce clip, Chandler, Joey et Ross regardent Piège de cristal en boucle. Un utilisateur de Reddit a compilé une liste de ce type d’incohérences :
Il y en avait plein dans Friends. Susan Sarandon faisait partie des femmes avec qui Ross avait potentiellement le droit de coucher. Plus tard, Joey couchait avec une femme interprétée par Susan Sarandon. Ross se fait appeler "Cro-Magnum", et Monica couchait avec Magnum. Ils essayaient d’avoir une table en donnant le nom de Winona Ryder, et on apprenait dans un autre épisode que Rachel était allée à l’école avec une fille jouée par Winona Ryder elle-même. En essayant de deviner la capitale du Cambodge, ils proposaient "Sean Penn", qu’ils finissaient par rencontrer. Ross avait eu l’idée de Jurassic Park et Joey rencontrait un personnage interprété par Jeff Goldblum.
Et le plus dérangeant: Jessica Rabbit faisait partie des femmes célèbres avec lesquelles Chandler aimerait coucher, alors que le PÈRE de Chandler était interprété par Kathleen Turner, qui avait prêté sa voix au personnage de Qui veut la peau de Roger Rabbit ?.
Avec tous ces détails, même les fans qui connaissent la série par cœur ont maintenant une excuse, s'il en fallait une, pour se replonger dans Friends et s'installer devant la série avec un regard nouveau.
Retrouvez les articles du HuffPost sur notre page Facebook .
Pour suivre les dernières actualités en direct, cliquez ici .
Egalement sur Le HuffPost:

coutez le poignant discours d Emma Watson  l ONUE-mail
Commenter
PEOPLE - Emma Watson a délivré un discours particulièrement touchant samedi 20 septembre au siège de l'ONU à New York (visible ci-dessous).
L'actrice britannique, qui a été nommée ambassadrice d'ONU Femmes, une agence des Nations Unies consacrée à la défense de l'égalité et l'indépendance des femmes dans le monde, était venue soutenir la campagne HeforShe (Lui pour elle).
"Vous devez vous dire: 'qui est cette fille qui sort d'un Harry Potter? Qu'est-ce qu'elle fait à l'ONU?'. Je me suis posée la même question. Tout ce que je sais, c'est que ce problème d'égalité des sexes me concerne et que je veux pouvoir améliorer les choses."
Emma Watson, qui succédait à la tribune à  Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka, présidente d'ONU Femmes, s'est notamment attaquée à la confusion qui entoure le terme féministe. "On m'a nommée il y a six mois, et depuis que je parle de féminisme, je me rends compte à quel point le mot est devenu impopulaire."
"Des femmes choisissent de ne pas dire qu'elles le sont. Apparemment, je fais partie de celles qui s'expriment de manière trop virulente et agressive. [...] Le féminisme, par définition, c'est croire que les hommes et les femmes doivent être égaux en droits et avoir les mêmes chances. C'est la théorie de l'égalité politique, économique et sociale des sexes", a poursuivi l'actrice.
"Je suis >Britannique et je pense avoir le droit d'être payée autant qu'un homme. Je pense avoir le droit de prendre les décisions que je veux en ce qui concerne mon corps. Je pense que les femmes ont le droit de s'engager et de me représenter dans les décisions politiques. Hélas, je peux vous dire qu'il n'y a aucun pays dans le monde où les femmes peuvent espérer avoir ces droits."
Take our pledge and put your name on the @heforshe worldwide map. pic.twitter.com/cl76Voh0D0
— Emma Watson (@EmWatson) September 22, 2014
Diplômée de l'université américaine de Brown en mai dernier, Emma Watson s'est ensuite adressée aux hommes . "Je voudrais profiter de cette opportunité pour envoyer une invitation formelle aux hommes. Les inégalités sont aussi votre problème."
Lire aussi:

Garou arrte "The Voice" et sera remplac par...The Voice 4: Zazie remplace Garou comme juré de l'émission de TF1
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
TÉLÉVISION - C'est officiel, Garou arrête "The Voice". Le juré québécois a confirmé l'information sur son compte Twitter ce lundi 22 septembre, quelques jours après la finale de "The Voice Kids".
Dans le jury depuis la première saison "The Voice" sur TF1, Garou a expliqué prendre "une pause".
Après 3 années exceptionnelles #thevoice je prends une pause de mon fauteuil rouge. Bises à toute l'équipe! #newsverysoon
Publication by Jenifer .
Qui remplacera le coach Garou? Le Parisien annonce que Zazie prendra son fauteuil. La chanteuse a signé son contrat avec TF1 affirme le quotidien qui en dévoilera plus dans une interview à paraître ce mardi 23 septembre.
La communication de la chaîne et le producteur de l'émission ont également lâché le nom de la future coach sur les réseaux sociaux.
— Marie Demichel (@mariedemichel) 22 Septembre 2014
Bienvenue dans la famille @Zazieonline new coach #TheVoice 4 ! aux cotés de @JeniferOfficiel @mikasounds @florentpagny A tres vite mon Garou
À 50 ans et après 8 albums, Zazie participera à sa première expérience "télécrochet". Elle rejoindra Jenifer, Mika et Florent Pagny, tous trois reconduits pour "The Voice" saison 4 qui devrait être diffusée début 2015.
LIRE AUSSI

Des artistes rhabillent les clbrits qui se sont retrouves nues sur InternetPhotos de célébrités nues sur Internet: les artistes de "The Unfappening" rhabillent les victimes
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
ART - Alors que de nouvelles célébrités se sont retrouvées nues sur Internet après un piratage ce week-end, un projet artistique propose de rhabiller les victimes du "Celebgate", scandale également connu sous le nom de "The Fappening" chez les Anglo-saxons.
Lancé par les créatifs néerlandais de Red Urban et les talents de la compagnie Artbox, le projet " The UNfappening " propose aux artistes du monde entier de les aider à couvrir les célébrités à l'aide de leurs créations.
Les photos de Jennifer Lawrence nue deviennent ainsi de véritables nus artistiques.
DLNQC sur theunfappening.com
"Surfez, il n'y a rien à voir!" par Fabian sur theunfappening.com
"Nous savons que les nus des célébrités sont éparpillées sur Internet à tout jamais. Qu'il s'agit de documents presque impossible à effacer. Nous avons donc lancé ce projet pour créer des versions plus plaisantes de chaque image, ont expliqué au HuffPost Patrick et Robin, tous deux à l'origine du projet. Nous invitons donc les artistes à censurer les nus de célébrités, avec leurs travaux, pour créer des œuvres qui mériteront d'être plus partagées que les originaux."
Une dizaine d'artistes différent se sont prêtés au jeu jusqu'à présent mais de nouvelles versions ne devraient pas tarder à faire leur apparition sur le site. "Le projet est ouvert à tous, rappellent les organisateurs. Une seule règle: couvrir les filles."
Ne craignent-ils pas d'être poursuivis par les stars qui apparaissent sur les clichés originaux? "Nous essayons de faire quelque chose de positif. Si les stars n'apprécient pas, nous arrêterons le projet immédiatement", assurent Patrick et Robin.
» Découvrez les œuvres du "Unfappening Project" dans le diaporama ci-dessous:
Close

Engineers India wins consultancy contract from Assam PetrochemicalsEngineers India wins consultancy contract from Assam Petrochemicals
Fund Pick: ICICI Prudential Value Discovery FundFund Pick: ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund
We Will Degrade  and Ultimately Destroy Islamic State : ObamaWe Will Degrade  and Ultimately Destroy Islamic State : Obama
White House may revamp security ahead of PM s visitWhite House may revamp security ahead of PM s visit
BSE Sensex  Nifty Flat; IT Stocks GainBSE Sensex  Nifty Flat; IT Stocks Gain
Ebola could strike 20 000 in six weeks   rumble on for years : studyEbola could strike 20 000 in six weeks   rumble on for years : study
PM Narendra Modi ups fashion ante for maiden US visitPM Narendra Modi ups fashion ante for maiden US visit
Markets shrug off global cues  open flatHi Guest
Markets crash; Sensex drops 431 points, Nifty below 8,100
Markets recorded their single-largest fall since August 1 after weaker-than-expected business activity in the euro zone and a survey which showed rise in unemployment levels in China raised concerns that global economic growth is still struggling. Selling by foreign funds also weighed on market sentiment. The 30-share Sensex ended down 431 points at 26,776 and 50-share NIfty ended down 129 points at 8,018. Foreign funds were net sellers in equities worth Rs 186 crore on Monday. In the broader ...

GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia relieved as China flash PMI beats low expectationsGLOBAL MARKETS-Asia relieved as China flash PMI beats low expectations
Markets open flat; Nifty defends 8 150Nifty struggles around 8,140; Sharda Corpchem dazzles on listing
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 10:00 AM IST
After a green start, the markets have slipped into the negative territory as weakness in frontliners like L&T, M&M, ITC and Tata Motors capped gains in IT heavyweights.
 
At 1000 hrs, the Sensex was down 34 points at 27,172 and the Nifty was down 13 points at 8,133.
Shares of Sharda Corpchem have listed at Rs 260, a 67% premium against its issue price of Rs 156 per share, on the National Stock Exchange. The Rs 350-crore initial public offering (IPO) of agrochemical company Sharda Cropchem was subscribed around 60 times.
______________________
(Updated at 1000 hrs)
Shrugging off weak global cues, markets have opened on a flat note with a positive bias on account of gains in IT heavyweights in opening trades. At 0920 hrs, the Sensex was up 20 points at 27,228 and the Nifty gained seven points to trade at 8,154.
However, there was some buying in the broader markets. The mid and smallcap index opened up with gains between 0.3-0.5%.
Among the sectoral indices, Capital Goods, Metal and FMCG were the only pockets to open in red, down 0.03-0.4%.
Defensives in the form of IT scrips were the top gainers with TCS, Infosys and Wipro leading early gains, up 0.6-1.5%.
ICICI Bank, Bajaj Auto, Maruti, Hindlaco and NTPC were the other top gainers with gains between 0.3-0.8%.
Pharma stocks gained after the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority withdrew guidelines for price control of 108 formulations, which was issued under para 19 of the Drug Prices Control Order (DPCO).
Glaxosmithkiline Pharmaceuticals and Torrent Pharma up 2-3% were the top movers in this space. Among the Sensex names, Dr Reddys gained 1% while Cipla and Sun Pharma were flat with a negative bias.
Among the major losers were M&M which lost nearly 1.5% after a foreign brokerage house downgraded the company.
L&T, Bharti Airtel, ONGC, Tata Steel and SBI down 0.5-1% were some of the other laggards.
The market breadth was positive on BSE. 1,053 stocks advanced while 644 stocks declined.
Global Markets
Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday while commodities won a break from recent selling pressure after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0.
The Shanghai Composite Index added 0.5% and the CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings bounced 0.6%.
US stocks closed lower on Monday, with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day decline since early August, as the latest housing data came in much weaker than expected, raising new concerns about the rate of growth in the economy.
Existing home sales fell 1.8% in August, far from the growth of 1% that had been expected.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.62%, to 17,173, the S&P 500 lost 0.8%, to 1,994 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 1.14%, to 4,528. The day marked the biggest one-day decline for the S&P since Aug. 5, and the biggest for the Nasdaq since July 31.

How Shree Cement increased its market valueStory
Concrete Growth
Ajay Modi      Follow @ajaymodibt    Edition: Sept 28, 2014
Two is company: H.M. Bangur (left, seated) with his son Prashant. (PHOTO: Shekhar Ghosh)
If experience counts for something, it is the can-do belief that one gains over time. It is definitely so for Hari Mohan Bangur, Managing Director of the Kolkata-based Shree Cement. He had proved all the naysayers wrong in 2009 when he commissioned a brownfield clinker plant in just 367 days. He was then told that the average time required to set up such a unit is 630 days. In another year, he beat his own record to set up a similar unit in 330 days.
Today, at 62, with 36 years of experience behind him, Bangur heads the company whose market value is more than Rs 29,000 crore.
In the past four years, the company's profit has increased nearly fourfold from Rs 210 crore in 2010/11 to Rs 787 crore in 2013/14 (it follows a July to June financial year).
An operating profit margin of 29.47 per cent in the quarter through June points to company's sound pricing strategy and operating efficiency. This at a time when its market peers like UltraTech and ACC, despite their market size, has been pegged at 22.2 per cent and 15.94 per cent, respectively.
This is also one reason why the company's stock price has zoomed from Rs 50 to Rs 8,509 in 10 years. "The market is giving us a right value," says Bangur. Founded in 1979, the company had a production capacity of six lakh tonnes a year. In the early 90s, the family split. Till then the joint family used to run another cement business called Digvijay Cement.
Over the period, the production capacity of Shree Cement has touched 18.5 million tonnes with plants in Rajasthan, Uttarakhand and Bihar.
It is now setting up a new unit in Chhattisgarh. Nitin Bhasin, Head of Research at Ambit Capital, says the companys strength is threefold. "Strong logistics to meet market demand (80 per cent of its market is within 200km of plant locations), access to limestone reserve and ability to keep costs low in operations and expansions. The current valuation captures these advantages but there is scope for surprises from new geographies," he says.
As a leader, Bangur always wants to go the extra mile. For instance, a plant may initially have a target to generate 30 tonnes an hour. It may be found that on particular day it produced 35 tonnes an hour for a span of two hours. The plant then gets 35 tonnes as its new production target. Again the process is repeated and the next mark may be 40 tonnes per hour. In this way, every plant gets a dynamic target. Bangur says every small thing counts and so it is better to tabulate in hours rather than days and weeks. The estimated time required for maintenance of a kiln is 12 days. "We see 12 days as 288 hours and then aim to complete the maintenance work in 250 hours. If measured in hours, it is sharper and you are better off," says Bangur.
Click here to Enlarge
Like any growing venture, Shree Cement also had its share of tough time. In 1997, the company had expanded its production capacity from 1.2 million tonnes to 1.8 million tonnes. The capital expansion had eaten into its reserves so much so that the no-debt company was burdened with a loan. "The demand had dipped when we commissioned new capacity in 1997. Things were so bad that more than 10 per cent of revenue went as interest cost," says Bangur.
It forced the firm to look for external fund sources. Finally it decided to make Paris-based cement major Vicat an equal equity partner. The deal was finalised but before it could be inked, Bangur pulled back. "The simple reason was that none of us wanted to be a 49 per cent stakeholder," he says. So a 50:50 partnership was agreed. "But I was worried how differences between two equals will be resolved in decision-making. I could see that two veto powers would surely kill the company," says Bangur. And so he discussed the issue with the French company but could not hammer out a solution.
Moreover, both sides were not willing to be at 49 per cent and let the other have 51 per cent stake.According to him, the presence of two equal partners would have been a recipe for disaster. "Instead of certain death, we chose a possible death. We had hopes that the market will improve and the business will get revived," he says.
Petcoke as Fuel
While the market took time to get better, the company got a shot in the arm when it hit upon the idea of using petroleum coke (petcoke) as fuel. This implied that the company had to use less coal.
At a time when fuel accounted for 70 per cent of the cement production cost, petcoke was 40 per cent cheaper than coal. Bangur quickly grabbed on this opportunity and sent a team to Europe to check how feasible the idea was. When they returned and gave the thumbs up, he sent another team from the operations division.
Soon the company started using petcoke along with coal as fuel. But lack of expertise resulted in many hiccups. In the first year at least 10 breakdowns were reported. "At that time there was excess capacity in the system and these closures did not affect the sales. After a year of experimentation, we succeeded in using it properly," says Bangur. Shree Cement was the first Indian cement maker to use petcoke successfully and the fuel savings helped the company restore its financial health. Industry peers like Ultratech and Ambuja among others also use petcoke as a fuel but none does it at a scale comparable to Shree Cement.
The company today is not just self-reliant in power but also sells it. It generates 445 MW power while its own requirement is 140 MW. Of this 85 MW is generated through waste heat recovery process. The power sale contributes five per cent of its revenues.
"Outside China, we are the biggest power generator through waste heat recovery method," says Ashok Bhandari, who was the Chief Financial Officer since 1990 until August this year and is now an advisor to the company. He says it is the company's conscious decision not to dilute equity to raise funds. Promoters have 64.59 per cent stake. "We are a conservative company and fund expansion through cash and debt. Today, the cash flow is such that we don't need equity capital or debt," he says.
Meanwhile, over the last five years supply seems to have overshot demand. Industry players had stepped up capacity based on projections. But all that grand plans went haywire. Today the industry's overall capacity utilisation is 70 to 75 per cent and the company's at 80 per cent. The situation has deterred the company from capacity expansion. "However, we believe in creating capacity in advance. If there is a sudden spike in demand, we are prepared," says Bangur. The company aims to expand its capacity to 21 million tonnes by June 2015.
Smart Marketing
The company has been successful on the marketing front too. The company has three brands - Shree Ultra, Bangur Cement and Rockstrong Cement. "A marketing guru will tell you to advertise in cricket but that would have cost us 10 times more. We advertised in news channels and built successful brands by investing less," says Bangur.
The company, like many others, also has a long list of failures. "But that will be soon forgotten. The company tried to use oxygen in the kilns to up production. That was quite foolish. It was a total failure," he says. It had also started putting agro waste into kilns and that too was a failure.
The company, which had always followed an organic growth plan, last month decided to acquire a 1.5 million tonne grinding unit in Haryana from Jaiprakash Associates for Rs 360 crore. The company, however, has no plans to venture outside India at this stage.
Passing the Baton
Its efforts in the current market scenario need to be appreciated. It has set new industry benchmarks.
VINITA SINGHANIA
Vice Chairman & Managing Director, JK Lakshmi Cement
Bangur's son, Prashant Bangur, 34, has been with him in the business for 12 years. A Calcutta University topper in BSc (Maths) and an Indian School of Business (ISB) graduate, he started as a trainee and is now a director. "I have found an equal in my son. He is a powerful link between me and my executives. He understands the technicalities better and translates them into the language which I understand," says Bangur.
For Bangur, a company's core lies in the culture that it propounds. "You have to act and you can be an example. If your dedication is one per cent less, it will be two per cent less at the next level of leadership and it keeps on increasing at each level," he says.
The industry too sees the company's efforts as commendable. "Its efforts in the current market scenario need to be appreciated. Apart from laying down new trends in the sector, they have also set new benchmarks," says Vinita Singhania, Vice Chairman and Managing Director of Delhi-based JK Lakshmi Cement.

use Burger King tax flipSeptember 16, 2014 5:54 pm
Use Burger King’s tax flip to reform business
By Mort Zuckerman
A surge in inversion threatens to damage the prospects for an overhaul, writes Mort Zuckerman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4ccb9560-3cfc-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Now  petrol cars outshine diesel in demandLong waiting periods for petrol cars as government phases out diesel subsidy
By Nabeel A Khan, ET Bureau | 22 Sep, 2014, 04.31AM IST
0
Share More
While production constraints and logistical problems may be the reasons for the long waiting periods, new trends also indicate changing consumer preference — now back to petrol cars as the government has phased out diesel subsidy.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: If you are planning to buy a petrol-driven car this Diwali, it may be too late to book one now. Some of the top-selling petrol car models have waiting periods running into months, more so for gearless models or one of the high-end versions. Booking now for a Diwali delivery may be almost impossible on such models.
While production constraints and logistical problems may be the reasons for the long waiting periods, new trends also indicate changing consumer preference — now back to petrol cars as the government has phased out diesel subsidy.
As the price difference between diesel and petrol has narrowed, lower cost of acquisition has started attracting buyers back to petrol cars. Even in a falling automobile market in the past two years, the huge price difference between the fuels had kept demand for diesel-powered cars much stronger, forcing automakers to rework their production strategies to focus on vehicles running on the heavier fuel.
As recently as six months ago, of every 10 car buyers, seven preferred diesel, according to Honda Cars India , the market leader in the mid-size sedan segment. But now, half of its customers want petrol cars, said Jnaneswar Sen, senior vicepresident of sales and marketing at the local Honda Motor unit.
Same is the case at the local unit of Korean car major Hyundai Motor. "Diesel vehicles are still seeing positive traction, but the growth will be led by new models and petrol-driven cars," said Rakesh Srivastava, senior vice-president of marketing and sales at Hyundai India.
If you want to buy a petrol-powered EcoSport, Ford Motor's topselling product in India, you may have to wait for about a month. And, if you want an automatic-transmission variant of the compact SUV, it may take two-three months to get the delivery, said Ford dealers ET spoke to.
But a diesel EcoSport may be in your garage without any waiting, depending on your region and choice of colour. That indicates a big change in customer preference. After Ford launched the SUV in 2013, the demand for the diesel variant was so high that the company had to slow down production of petrol EcoSport to meet diesel orders.
Automated manual transmission (AMT) — a clutch-less technology that combines the fuel efficiency of manual-transmission with the convenience of automatic cars — is becoming another demand driver. The waiting period on the AMT version of Maruti Suzuki's Celerio hatchback is more than 10 weeks, while its manual transmission variants are available for almost immediate delivery. No other vehicle from the nation's top car maker by volume has a waiting period, a company executive said.
For Honda City, the top-selling mid-size sedan, the waiting period is more than three months. This is also because the manufacturer recently halted production of the car because of a shift in its production units. Honda's recently launched multi-purpose vehicle Mobilio has a waiting period ranging between two and three months. The high-end variants of Honda's City and Amaze have longer waiting period. The City VX automatic may take four months to become yours, irrespective of the fuel option you prefer.
"Increasing traffic congestion and demand for smart features have given an impetus to sales of higher and automatic variants of vehicles," said Abdul Majeed, partner, automotive practices, at PwC.
At Hyundai Motor India , three cars have long waiting periods. The newly-launched premium hatchback i20 Elite has a waiting period of two to three months. While the i10 Grand diesel is immediately available, the petrol variant has a waiting period of up to one month. According to the company, compact sedan Xcent has a longer waiting period for petrol variant than diesel, ranging from four to five weeks.
Nissan has a waiting period on only one product, the Terrano SUV — it is around two weeks. Tata Motors' recently-launched hatchback Zest has over 10,000 bookings and the car fitted with the new Revotron engine has a waiting period of about four weeks. Delivery of the AMT diesel variant of the Zest may happen only after about three months.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Maruti Suzuki offers technology on cars from Alto to Swift hatchbackMaruti Suzuki aims to make hybrids affordable, offer technology on cars from Alto to Swift hatchback
By Ketan Thakkar , ET Bureau | 22 Sep, 2014, 09.42AM IST
READ MORE ON » National Council for Electric Mobility | Maruti Suzuki | Mahindra | Japan | hybrid vehicles
Maruti is aiming to make hybrids affordable and wants to offer the technology on cars right from the Alto, the cheapest in its product portfolio, to the Swift premium hatchback over the next three to four years, said people with knowledge of the carmaker’s plans.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Maruti Suzuki is working on a low-cost hybrid technology to make its cheap-to-own cars even more frugal.
Maruti is aiming to make hybrids affordable and wants to offer the technology on cars right from the Alto, the cheapest in its product portfolio, to the Swift premium hatchback over the next three to four years, said people with knowledge of the carmaker's plans. In the process, it is taking the 'Kitna Deti Hai' (how many miles does it give) slogan to the next level. These people said Maruti's hybrid solution could deliver 20-30% more fuel economy.
"It is no more a concept. The real work is under way and the hybrid technology development is at an advanced stage," said one of the people. "A large part of the development is happening in Japan and key inputs from Indian R&D engineers are also being absorbed. The idea is to offer a technology to the mass with not a major price difference over existing petrol cars."
Hybrid vehicles usually have a non-conventional propulsion system, such as an electric motor, in addition to the engine that runs on conventional fuel. They also often include mechanisms to capture energy, such as while braking, to recharge the battery. While hybrid vehicles offer better fuel efficiency and are more environment friendly, heftier price compared with those running on conventional fuels has been the biggest hurdle for their wider adoption globally.
Maruti chairman RC Bhargava told ET in a recent interaction that Suzuki, the Japanese parent of India's No. 1 car maker by sales, has already started working on the hybrids. Maruti has communicated the need for a suitable hybrid car for India as well, he said. "We need a hybrid system suitable for small cars which is low cost. The systems available today are expensive. I do think the development of low-cost hybrid is necessary, quite like the AMT we came out with," Bhargava said.
Maruti was the first to introduce an AMT, or automated manual transmission, version in India with its Celerio. This clutch-less technology, which combines the fuel efficiency of manual transmission with the convenience of automatic cars without any major spike in the price of the hatchback, has been a major attraction for buyers.
"Nobody else does the AMT at that scale, but the Indian customers require that AMT in small cars. People can't afford to get an automatic at Rs 1 lakh premium," Bhargava said. "And, we need the same thing in hybrids."
Experts say if Maruti cracks the hybrid formula, it will be able to take the fuel efficiency of petrol cars beyond 25 kilometres per litre. By offering AMT at an affordable price, Maruti has already turbocharged the adoption of clutch-less cars in India, they say. One of the biggest advantages for Maruti is the sales volume it generates, which allows it to spread cost wide and keep prices low.
"The success of hybrid depends on affordability as the Indian consumer is highly value and cost-conscious," said Gaurav Vangaal, senior analyst, forecasting, at IHS Automotive. "Maruti can penetrate the cost levels in India given the volume of its products."
Maruti is not the only car manufacturer in India trying to adopt the technology. The country's largest utility vehicle maker, Mahindra & Mahindra, is working on a hybrid version of the XUV 500, which will be the world's first diesel hybrid with a manual transmission. The project is codenamed W202 and the technology is expected to be ready for rollout in two years. Mahindra also makes electric cars through its Mahindra Reva unit, but such vehicles haven't seen much traction in India.
According to Maruti's Bhargava, pure electric cars may not sell in large volumes in India and, hence, his company won't commit significant investment to electric vehicles.
While Maruti's parent Suzuki has already developed a hybrid version of the Swift hatchback, it is not based on the low-cost solution that is under works and may take at least another couple of years to be ready.
Meanwhile, the central government, too, may chip in by offering subsidy support to hybrid vehicles under the National Mission for Electric Mobility. The mission document was approved by the National Council for Electric Mobility in 2012 and the industry is waiting for the new government to roll out the policy.
The mission statement sets the vision, lays the targets and provides the joint government-industry vision for realising the potential that exists for a full range of efficient and environmentally friendly electric vehicle (including hybrids) technologies by 2020. According to the projection, a saving of minimum 0.4 million tonnes of liquid fuel is expected with sales of 1.4-million units of electric and hybrid fourwheelers in 2020.
The huge import bill on crude oil is always a worry for India and to limit it, the automotive industry needs to start looking for viable alternatives, Vangaal said. On the government policy, he said its implementation remains a tough challenge. Government incentives at all levels from supply side to demand side and infrastructure to R&D will play a significant role in shaping the HEV (hybrid & electric vehicles) market in India, he said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Automakers follow  built-to-order  model to make larger profitsSave precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Automakers are working out new ways of production to beat inventory blues. Plagued by a prolonged sluggish demand, which has kept the market subdued for over two years, some of them have now started following the 'built-to-order' (BOT) model to improve profits during hard times.
Commercial vehicle-maker Ashok Leyland has adopted the BOT format for its newly launched truck models Boss and Captain and is rolling out vehicles from its Pantnagar plant based on demand. "We started the concept a few months ago to switch over to a more efficient system, which we call 'made to stock'," said managing director Vinod K Dasari, confirming the new production system. "It has helped us reduce our inventory" at a time when the commercial vehicle market was passing through one of its worst times, he said.
The weak Indian commercial vehicle market — sales have fallen year-overyear every month for two-and-half years — has forced manufacturers to switch to more efficient modes to reduce costs. Commercial vehicle-makers such as Tata Motors and Eicher Motors said they have also restructured manufacturing practices.
According to experts and automotive analysts, more and more companies are resorting to the BOT format, where they are manufacturing variants of vehicles based on confirmed bookings. "This practice helps the OEMs in minimising the inventory while focusing on the real product mix. This approach is considered for highly configured products such as automobiles," said Amit Kaushik, principal analyst , autos, at consultancy firm IHS Automotive.
Maruti Suzuki had started the practice long ago for its solitary sport-utility vehicle Gypsy which was made at its Gurgaon plant. The company manufacturers the SUV only after confirmed bookings from customers who also need to make a hefty deposit. "We are making Gypsy off-line. It basically means that it is produced on confirmed orders," said a senior executive .
Honda Cars India is believed to have switched over to the BOT format for its CR-V, with demand for the SUV not so high in India. It has sold just 322 units this fiscal year. The company has kept the model off-line as it used its production lines to make the highly popular City and Amaze sedans, which form around 70% of its sales in India.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Foreign investors step up investments in long-term govt bondseconomy
(Buoyed by the faith in the…)
Mumbai: Foreign institutional investors, or FIIs, have stepped up investments in long-term government bonds with maturities extending up to 28-30 years, marking a shift from their practice of betting mainly on Indian sovereign debt instruments maturing within five years and signalling restoration of global faith in the Indian economy .
FIIs have already exhausted nearly 65% of the $5-billion investment limit for long-term investors such as foreign central banks, pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, endowment funds and insurance funds, data from the National Securities Depository (NSDL) shows.
About 44% of the limit was reached by July 24, when the government halved it from the $10 billion set earlier as it had remained largely unutilised. The balance $5 billion was added to the regular category where demand was very high among FIIs investing in Indian government securities with maturities of more than three years As of September 19, FIIs have utilised nearly 99% of the limit in the regular category.
Some foreign central banks from Southeast Asian and European countries have been seen increasing their investments in India, with lot sizes of Rs 200-500 crore each per day under the long-term category. The central bank of Norway, Norges Bank, is among the foreign investors that have been putting money into India of late, four people familiar with the matter told ET.
Norges Bank Investment Management is among the largest debt market investors across the world. It had forex reserves of 3,663 billion Norwegian Krone (NOK) (about Rs 3,506 crore) at the end of the quarter to June. An email sent to Norges did not elicit any response. A big Canada-based pension fund is also lapping up Indian government bonds with long-term maturities, ranging from five to 30 years. "Given the high differential between India and global rates, and the improved India macro, funds continue to invest in Indian debt," said Ananth Narayan, regional head of financial markets-South Asia at Standard Chartered Bank.
In the US, overnight rates are being quoted at 0-0.25%, while in India the prevailing rate is 8%, the repo rate at which banks borrow overnight funds from the Reserve Bank of India. The ten-year bond yield is trading at about 2.55%, compared with 8.50% for the ten-year benchmark India bond.
Among emerging economies, 600-800 basis points' spread or gap would be the most attractive for global investors, dealers said. A basis point is 0.01%. Long-term overseas investors have started investing more in India, said Badrish Kolhalli, fund manager-fixed income at HDFC Life Insurance. "Overseas investors are gaining confidence from the RBI and government's efforts to bring down inflation and fiscal deficit.
This has enhanced India's long-term outlook with a stable government at the Centre," he saidFiscal deficit or the excess government expenditure over revenues is targeted at 4.1% of gross domestic product in 2014-15 and the government looks committed to achieve it. Similarly, RBI aims to contain retail inflation at 6% by January 2016. "Inflation is coming down. This is consistent with our forecast.
Macro indicators are improving," RBI governor Raghuram Rajan said last week. The relatively stable rupee has also helped attract more flows into Indian debt markets.
"Given consensus expectation of only mild rupee depreciation, much of these debt investments are likely open, without any forex hedges," said Narayan. "On the regular FII/ FPI (foreign portfolio investors), where government limits are practically filled, we are seeing enquiries for corporate debt investments." Last month, foreign fund Franklin Templeton had bought bonds worth about Rs 16,000 crore in the largest single-day purchase of Indian government securities. "Those fund houses do not borrow money to invest. They do it out of their reserves and regular inflows. This is a case of carry trade, which is attractive compared to that of other countries like Japan or the US," said a senior executive from a primary dealership that actively trades in government bonds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australian investments in India grew 13.7%: Government reportAdani Group
(A number of Indian companies…)
MELBOURNE: The investments by Australian companies in India grew 13.7 per cent in 2013, while the outlay of Indian firms in Australia remained flat last year as compared to 2012, according to a government report here.
Australian companies invested AUD6.57 billion in 2013 compared to AUD5.78 billion in 2012, up 13.7 per cent, according to the publication titled 'G-20 Trade and Investment 2014' issued by the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT).
While Indian companies invested AUD10.86 billion in 2013, down 1.3 per cent compared to AUD11 billion in the previous year, it said.
A number of Indian companies including Gujarat-based Adani Group and Andhra Pradesh-based GVK Group have invested in Australia in areas of agriculture and mining, construction, manufacturing and communication services.
India and Australia enjoy a healthy economic relationship and are keen on increasing the level of trade and investment.
During a visit to India earlier this month, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said: "Trade and investment is substantial but it's not what it should be, given our countries' level of comfort with each other, our comparative proximity and the complementarity between our economies."
In regard to two-way trade, India and Australia are in the process of negotiating a proposed Free Trade Agreement (FTA). Abbott has expressed hope that negotiations for the proposed FTA will be concluded by 2016.
The talks for a Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement, also known as FTA, started in 2011.
So far, several rounds of talks have been completed for further liberalising, broadening the base of merchandise trade, removing non-tariff barriers and encouraging investments.
The two-way trade has dropped about 14 per cent to AUD 15.21 billion in 2013 vis-a-vis AUD 17.67 billion in 2012.
Further, Australia in July this year had cleared the proposed $15 billion Carmichael coal mine project of Adani Mining in the Galilee Basin in central Queensland.
The approval for the project, expected to provide electricity to up to 100 million people in India, was announced by Australian Environment Minister Greg Hunt, who approved the Carmichael Coal Mine and the Rail Infrastructure project subject to 36 strict conditions.
Last month, Adani Mining had also won the state approval to build a 300-km rail line for the Carmichael project that will enable transportation of 100 million tonnes of coal a year after construction.
It is estimated the completion of the rail line will take about two years and will pump-in up to USD790 million into the Mackay region and over USD 900 million into the state economy.
Adani Enterprises recently also inked a pact to buy out Linc Energy's royalty rights from the Carmichael coal project for AUD155 million.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China war on graft hits outbound dealsChina’s war on graft leads to drop in outbound investment
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/58d0cb22-421b-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Easing Liquidity May Make RBI Less Hawkish: DeutscheRBI could adopt a less hawkish stance should liquidity conditions remain easy in India and oil below $100 a barrel, said Deutsche Bank on Monday.
It added that continued foreign inflows into India and rising financial savings could keep liquidity easy.
Still, Deutsche said rate cut is not in its base case.
Overnight cash rates were up at 8.05/8.10 per cent versus Friday's close of 7.70/7.75 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Coal Import Rush Leads to Port CongestionYou are here: Home Industries
Coal Import Rush Leads to Port Congestion
Reuters | Updated On: September 22, 2014 16:00 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi/Bhubaneswar: India's power and steel companies are importing shiploads of coal due to a severe shortage at home, leading to heavy congestion in one of the country's busiest ports that now has twice the number of vessels waiting than its available berths.
The over-crowding at Paradip port in Odisha could derail India's efforts to prevent a shutdown of more than half of its power plants which are running on stocks of less than a week in the worst deficit since a massive blackout in 2012.
While Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal has urged power firms to bring more coal into India - already the world's No. 3 importer of the fuel, the country's ports are finding it difficult to deal with the swelling traffic.
"We're 100 per cent houseful," said G.P Biswal, deputy conservator of Paradip port. "We're not able to cope with the sudden increase in traffic."
Half of the 27 stranded ships at Paradip are carrying up to 90,000 tonnes of coal each and it takes up to six days to offload a ship once it is berthed. Mr Biswal said rains in the eastern part of the country over the past few days have hampered operations but there could be an improvement in a week.
Some of the ships are to deliver coal for top power and steel firms like Jindal Steel and Power Ltd, Steel Authority of India Ltd, GMR Energy, Tata group and the Adani group - run by billionaire Gautam Adani.
Congestion was higher-than-usual at some other ports too, said Prakash Duvvuri, research head at research firm OreTeam.
Total coal traffic across all ports, including shipments within the country, rose 12 per cent in August from a year ago. Paradip port, the biggest state-owned port by capacity, handled 16 per cent more coal over the period, according to the Indian Ports Association.
India's coal imports have gathered steam after the Supreme Court ruled last month that the country's decades-old method of allocating coal mining concessions was illegal and arbitrary, posing threat to 218 blocks handed out since 1993.
The blocks include about 40 that are producing coal, estimated to have a capacity of about 9 per cent of the 566 million tonnes India produced last year. The court has yet to pass an order on whether to cancel the blocks.
"The court order, which is anxiously awaited, could be one of the prime reasons for the rising imports because the miners may either be feeling that the judgment may further be postponed or the judgment may not favour them," said OreTeam's Duvvuri.
India is home to the world's fifth-largest coal reserve but still needs to resort to imports in a big way as state-owned Coal India, which accounts for about 80 per cent of the country's output, frequently falls short of its output target.
India's overseas purchases of thermal coal, used in power generation, are expected to surge 11 per cent to 150 million tonnes this fiscal year, online market operator mjunction said.
Strong demand and the port congestion will help boost charter rates for ships, said Ian Claxton, managing director of Thailand dry cargo ship operator Thoresen & Co (Bangkok).
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex reverses falling trend  ends 116 points upMarket update: Sensex reverses falling trend, ends 116 points up
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 16:48 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex, after slipping below the 27,000-mark in early trade on Monday, recovered smartly to end with a gain of over 116 points on good buying in bluechips including ITC, Tata Motors and ONGC even as global cues remained weak.
After a lower start at 27,008.12, the 30-share BSE index dipped below 27,000 to touch a low of 26,918.93, down over 170 points. Buying after mid-session, however, lifted the Sensex to settle at 27,206.74, logging a gain of 116.32 points, or 0.43 per cent.
On Friday, the index had fallen 21.79 points, snapping two consecutive days of gain.
Besides ITC, Tata Motors and ONGC that gained in 3-4 per cent range, major Sensex gainers included Hindustan Unilever, SBI, Axis Bank, Hero MotoCorp, ICICI Bank, Bajaj Auto, GAIL, HDFC and TCS.
The broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty, after slipping below the 8,100-level to touch a low of 8,064.80, bounced back to close 24.85 points (or 0.31 per cent) higher at 8,146.30.
Both Sensex and Nifty, which were struggling to maintain 27,000 and 8,100 respectively in early trade, managed to close above these levels.
"A fresh spell of buying in recent under-performers was a notable feature of today's session," said Deepak Pahwa, a Delhi-based broker.
Short covering ahead of monthly expiry on Thursday was also seen in select blue-chip stocks, traders said.
The Small-cap index was up 0.51 per cent and Mid-cap rose by 0.20 per cent, indicating continued retail investor interest.
Buying activity also picked up momentum in non-Sensex stocks. Gitanjali Gems, PC Jewellers, Petronet LNG, Jaiprakash Associates and PPAP Automotive, among others, logged gains.
A weak closing in Asian stocks and a lower opening in Europe on reports that China dampened speculation on a potential, however, capped the gains on domestic bourses.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 6.53 crore last Friday as per provisional data.
Sectorally, the BSE Consumer Durables sector index gained the most by surging 3.12 per cent, followed by FMCG index (1.90 per cent), Auto index (1.10 per cent), Oil & Gas index (0.88 per cent), and Banking index (0.29 per cent).

Maruti s Hold on Best-Selling Cars in India ContinuesSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Maruti Suzuki India, the country's largest carmaker, continues its dominance on the domestic roads with its four models, led by entry-level small car Alto, heading the top ten best sellers list in April-August period this fiscal year.
The auto maker's Dzire, Swift and WagonR were the second, third and fourth biggest selling models during the period, data from the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) showed.
Rival Hyundai's Grand i10 made it to the fifth position during the period under review, replacing hatchback Eon which moved to the seventh position.
Hyundai's compact sedan Xcent took the sixth spot replacing hatchback i10 from the top 10 list.
Honda Cars India's sedan City stood at the eighth position, replacing compact sedan Amaze, which moved to 10th position.
The Celerio occupied the ninth position during the period, followed by Honda Amaze at No. 10.
Maruti's Alto sold 1,03,123 units in the April-August period this fiscal year as compared to 91,665 units sold in the same period of previous fiscal year. It was followed by compact sedan Dzire, with 82,912 units sold during the period. The company had sold 75,112 units of the sedan in the same period of previous fiscal year.
With 80,861 units sold during the period, compact hatchback Swift continued to hold on to the third position during the period. Swift sales stood at 72,733 units in same period of previous fiscal year.
With 63,051 units sold during the period, Wagon R came at the fourth position in passenger car segment. Maruti Suzuki India had sold 61,298 units of the hatchback in the corresponding period a year ago.
Hyundai's Grand i10 came in at the fifth position with 40,530 units sold during the period. It has sold 1,847 units in same period of previous fiscal year.
The South Korean carmaker's compact sedan Xcent sold 33,685 units during the period to take the sixth position while its entry-level car Eon held the seventh position with 32,171 units sold during the period as against 39,463 units in April-August 14.
Honda's mid-sized sedan City sold 30,447 units during period to become the eight largest selling model in India. It had sold 9,855 units in the year-ago period.
At the ninth position was the Celerio, launched by India's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki earlier this year at the Auto Expo, with 29,591 units sold during the period.
Honda's compact sedan Amaze sold 28,887 units to take the 10th spot. It had sold 28,610 units in April-August 2014.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 18:30 (IST)

Luxury carmakers hindered in IndiaLuxury carmakers hindered by Indian potholes
By James Crabtree in Mumbai 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/72a05698-4244-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CP Chandrasekhar: India should not emulate US banking model‘Neo-liberal policy reforms not conducive to democratisation of banking sector’
Thiruvananthapuram, September 22:  
India should never seek to emulate the banking and investment model that precipitated the 2008 crisis, according to CP Chandrasekhar, economist and professor, JNU, New Delhi.
He said this while speaking at a national seminar organised as part of the sixth triennial general council meeting of State Banks’ Staff Union (SBSU) (Kerala Circle) at Kozhikode.
On-tap licences
Ongoing neo-liberal policy reforms in the banking sector are not conducive to democratisation of the sector, he said.
Nationalisation of 14 banks in 1969 was a move in the true tradition of democratisation of the sector. At the time of Independence, credit to agriculture was only two per cent.
Assigning banks the task of nation development from 1969 to 1990 and the geographical and sectoral expansion of credit marked a significant shift in the way business was done.
But by opting for a policy to license new banks ‘on tap,’ the Centre is now reversing the positive and progressive steps taken 45 years back, Chandrasekhar added.
Trade unions, political parties and the general public must explore the issues in detail and strive to protect the benefits the society has earned through years.
Generating surpluses
Democratic banking provides for system where banks as intermediaries allocate financial savings they control to further the interests of society at large.
There are broadly four objectives that such a banking system would seek to promote.
“First, it must help raise productivity and promote growth to generate surpluses needed to continuously improve the welfare of the majority,” Chandrasekhar pointed out.
Second, it should ensure that savings are allocated in such a way that growth is broad-based. Here, he referred to the tendency to neglect certain sectors, such as agriculture, since the interest the returns it can offer are lower than in the case of others.
Inclusive banking
Third, banking should be ‘inclusive’ and ensure access to basic financial services including credit; funds must flow to not just smaller units of business but also small individual borrowers.
“Finally, it must be ensured that banks are not rendered fragile or their existence threatened,” he said.
INTUC Kerala President R Chandrasekharan and BMS former national president Saji Narayanan spoke at the seminar.
SBSU President Philip Koshy presided while VK Prasad as moderator. Among those who were present were union leaders TM Prakash; A Jayakumar; K Raja Kurup; and A Raghavan.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Enhanced  Single Window Website for TaxpayersNew Delhi: A revamped online portal of the Income Tax Department was launched on Monday which will enable taxpayers to file returns or apply for a PAN card through a 'single window' format.
Taxpayers until now had to go to different official websites of the I-T department for these matters.
"An updated version of the website - www.incometaxindia.gov.in - will act as the 'single window' for all activities and online services offered by the I-T department," a senior income tax official said.
"Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was supposed to inaugurate it but due to medical compulsions, he could not do so."
As the website is an important tool for taxpayers, the department launched it on Monday without any delay, the officer added.
The new version of the website has been made more user-friendly and robust and can handle a larger number of visits at a time, the officer said, adding that all the links to PAN card data and e-filing have been centralised on this portal.
"The new website has enhanced features and taxpayers will be able to file their I-T returns online and even apply for a PAN on this portal. (These aspects) were till now hosted on a different official web address of the department," the officer said.
Apart from I-T rules and laws, the website also has 106 other Acts under the IPC and CrPC for ready reference.
Separate icons have been provided on the improved portal providing the locations of various I-T offices in the country, including that of the 'Ombudsman'.
The website will also allow taxpayers to get information about various notices and circulars which are issued from time to time along with other regular developments in the department.
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) had envisaged such a website in its ambitious 'Vision 2020' document prepared a few years back and the new website is a culmination of efforts to give better services to taxpayers, the officer said.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 21:00 (IST)

  Falling Crude Prices to Help Control Fiscal DeficitCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: The finance ministry is increasingly optimistic that it can meet a tough fiscal deficit target, helped by a 12 per cent decline in global crude oil prices since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took charge in May.
Lower crude prices mean less government outlay for India, which imports 80 per cent of its oil needs - at a cost of $168 billion last year - and subsidizes oil products such as diesel and fertilizer.
"If crude prices remain below $100 a barrel compared with budgeted estimate of $105-$110 a barrel, total oil and fertiliser subsidies would be substantially lower," said a senior finance ministry official, with the direct knowledge of the matter.
Moody's last week lowered the price assumptions it uses for rating purposes on Brent crude oil to $90 per barrel through 2015, which represents a $5 drop from its previous assumptions for 2015.
Finance Ministry and Reserve Bank of India officials are due to meet on Friday to decide how much the government will need to borrow from the markets in the second half of the 2014/15.
The government borrowed Rs 16,000 crore less than it budgeted in the first half of the financial year, triggering market speculation that the fiscal deficit could end up even lower than the target of 4.1 per cent of GDP.
"As of now, the deficit target remains 4.1 per cent," said a finance ministry official, who declined to be named since he was not authorized to speak to the media.
The country's top finance ministry official, Arvind Mayaram, suggested at the weekend that the deficit target could be met without the harsh expenditure cuts that have kept the deficit in check in the past two financial years.
"You cannot have three years of continuous expenditure cuts," Mt Mayaram told a newspaper in Cairns, Australia, where he attended the G20 meeting. Many economists say the cuts have slowed economic growth.
He said if GDP growth keeps to the pace of the first quarter and remains at 5.6 per cent to 5.7 per cent in the second half, government borrowing could be lower than budgeted, but said it was too early to take such a decision.
A sustained rally in India's stock markets - the Nifty has risen more than 25 per cent this year - is adding to optimism in the finance ministry that revenue from the partial privatization of state-run companies such as ONGC and Coal India will beat the budget.
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan delivered more good news in the form of a cash dividend of Rs 52,000 crore from foreign exchange trading operations, about Rs 5000 crore higher than expected.
But not all is well. Tax collections have been lower than targeted so far this year - thanks to a muted economic recovery and a drought in some parts of the country that has hurt corporate earnings.
Revenues from indirect taxes - mainly comprising customs, service and factory gate taxes - rose just 4.6 per cent during April-August period, far lower than annual target of 20 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Top 5 hidden gems that can return upto 63%You are here: Home > Collections > Mothercare
Top five 'hidden gems' which can give upto 63% return in next 12 months
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 22, 2014, 05.01PM IST
Tags:
BSE sensex
(The index is now close to…)
NEW DELHI: With the US Federal Reserve uncertainty out of the way, the Indian markets are well placed to surpass their previous record highs on both the Sensex and the Nifty in the next few trading sessions.
Both the Sensex and the Nifty touched their respect record highs on September 8, 2014. The S&P BSE Sensex' record high is placed at 27354.99 and the life high of the 50-share Nifty index is placed at 8180.20.
Fresh buying and a bout of short-coverings helped the Nifty cross the 8,100 mark this week. The index is now close to its all-time high and the momentum suggests that the Nifty will soon hit a fresh high.
Fitch Ratings on Monday also said that US Fed interest rate hike - which could be expected by mid-2015 - will not cause a major disruption in emerging markets (EMs), including India. According to Fitch, India's credit profile is much stronger than other EM peers.
According to experts, valuations of the Indian markets are still not very high. Nifty P/E is at 16, which is substantially lower than its high of 25.
"Since May, I have stood by my forecast of the Sensex hitting 30,000 by the year of 2014. We can expect some slowdown in the markets in the first quarter of 2015 as FII inflows come to a standstill and the US raises its Federal Funds rate," said Raghu Kumar, Cofounder of RKSV.
"I would expect a quarterly growth of 3-5 per cent, which would pin the Sensex at around 31,500 by the end of March and 35,000 at the end of the 2015," he added.
We have collated a list of five less-known stocks where brokerages have initiated coverage in the month of September. These stocks have the potential to deliver up to 63 per cent return in the next 12-18 months:
Kitex Garments: Target Price set at Rs 615
Motilal Oswal has initiated coverage on the Kochi-based stock with a 'buy' recommendation. The stock has already rallied nearly 500 per cent so far in the year 2014.
The company is in the business of manufacturing and exporting infant garments. It derives 85 per cent of its revenue from the sale of infant garments and the balance 15 per cent from the sale of fabric to Kitex Childrenwear.
KTG is in the process of adding some large clients in FY15 apart from deepening business with existing clients like Gerber, Toys R Us, Jockey, Mothercare and Carter's.
"Going forward, KTG intends to improve its revenue mix in favor of high margin clients like Toys R Us, Jockey and Mothercare, who procure high value-added products which will drive continued margin improvement," the report said.
"We expect KTG to post a 24.6 per cent revenue CAGR coupled with a 700bp margin expansion over FY14-FY17E. Hence, we expect PAT to post 40 per cent CAGR over FY14-17E. With 60 per cent capacity utilization currently, we expect ramp-up of existing capacities and minimal expansion capex," the report said.
"Given strong balance sheet and significant free cash flows, RoCE and RoE should improve from 37 per cent and 39 per cent, respectively, to 58 per cent and 39 per cent over FY14-17E," the report added.
 
Pennar Industries Ltd: Target price set at Rs 81
Midcap steel company Pennar Industries is in a strong bull run. The stock has surged over 140 per cent so far in the year 2014 and the rally is set to continue as the economic activity picks up, say analysts.
IndiaNivesh sees immense potential in the stock in the next 12 months. They value the stock at a conservative PE multiple of 10x to FY16E EPS (Rs. 8.1), which gives the target price of Rs 81.
Steel products business is expected to grow to more than Rs 450 crore in FY15. The company is expecting double-digit growth in the railways business in FY15. As of now, the railways business has an order book of Rs 120 crore.
All verticals of the company are generating positive cash flows and the management is confident of increasing cash profits in FY15 vs the previous fiscal.
According to the brokerage, corporate action by the company on getting subsidiary (PEBS) separately listed on exchanges could be the additional trigger. Pennar Industries is trading at P/E multiple of 8.8x FY15E and 5.9x FY16E earnings estimate, which is well below 14.3x - three-year historical average.
"Average ROE for the company in the past three years has been 12.9 per cent. In FY15E and FY16E, the ROE of the company is likely to improve to 16.4 per cent and 20.3 per cent respectively on the back of increased capacity utilization and margin expansion," the report said.
Century Plyboard: Target price set at Rs 156
Century Plyboard (CPBI) is India's leading plywood producer with the highest volume and revenue. CPBI and Greenply dominate the organised plywood market with a combined 50% market share. CPBI commands 5 per cent premium over its nearest brand and 20% premium over products of unorganised companies.
IIFL initiated coverage on Century Plyboard (CPBI) with a buy recommendation and one-year target of Rs156. They expect CPBI to record 40 per cent earnings CAGR over FY14-FY17.

Wells Fargo brokerage arm fined $5mWells Fargo brokerage arm fined $5m
By Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/13a24604-4287-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The revival of nationalism in global politicsThe strange revival of nationalism in global politics
By Gideon Rachman
Separatist movements have a pull for voters even in a world of bits and bytes
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df0add1e-3fef-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UBS to post 1.1bn bailUBS to post €1.1bn bail in French tax case
By Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a958e768-427b-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UBS pays 300m to settle tax probeUBS pays €300m to settle probe into tax evasion
By James Shotter in Zürich
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23a009e6-1713-11e4-8617-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UBS says responding to inquiries on dark poolsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Maruti Suzuki  Hyundai rev up on rural market growthE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Get ready for more Flipkarts & Snapdeals | Amazon s India strategy may go globalYou are here: Home > Collections
Get ready for more Flipkarts and Snapdeals as IITs gear up to teach entrepreneurship
Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 08.31AM IST
Tags:
Flipkart
(Other IITs in Madras,…)
NEW DELHI: IITs have always produced a steady stream of entrepreneurs, including those behind celebrated companies such as Flipkart and Snapdeal . Many IITs also have thriving incubation cells that seek to spawn such entrepreneurs. IIT-Madras is even raising a startup fund. Now, finally, IITs are gearing up to teach entrepreneurship in the classroom.
IITs in Delhi, Kharagpur and Hyderabad are planning to bring entrepreneurship at the forefront of their BTech curriculum, and plan to launch minor as well as elective courses on the subject from next year. Other IITs in Madras, Mumbai, Gandhinagar, Kanpur, Patna and Mandi have just taken baby steps to include entrepreneurship in their curriculum. These steps could further whip up a culture of entrepreneurship at the IITs and in the country, entrepreneurs and investors say.
"This will benefit students who are not born into a business family, but yet aspire to run a company," Sasha Mirchandani, managing partner and founder of Kae Capital and founder of Mumbai Angels, a network of investors, said. "If you have faculty members teaching entrepreneurship, students would be more willing to learn about start-ups and businesses," he added.
IIT-Delhi recently introduced courses on entrepreneurship. These could evolve into a minor, PV Madhusudan Rao of the mechanical engineering department of IIT-Delhi, said. A minor is a pre-defined course in a focus area whereas an elective is an optional departmental or open-category course. Patna is another IIT thinking about launching a minor in entrepreneurship.
"With a subject like entrepreneurship being taught by actual entrepreneurs, it will help, support and guide young entrepreneurial ventures in the right direction," said Ajai Chowdhry, founder of HCL, who also teaches the subject at IIT-Hyderabad and is the chairman at IIT-Patna. "It could play a crucial role in reducing the number of failed start-ups," he added.
IIT-Kharagpur is considering a micro or thin specialisation in engineering entrepreneurship for its BTech students from next year, said PP Das, head of Rajendra Mishra School of Engineering Entrepreneurship at IIT-Kharagpur. This summer, IIT-Gandhinagar sent a dozen engineering students to attend a course on entrepreneurship at Technion, a technology institute in Israel.
"Since inception, IIT-Gandhinagar has been focusing on entrepreneurship as we do not want to be an institute offering a vanilla degree in BTech. We are offering entrepreneurship as both an elective and minor," said Sudhir K Jain, director at IIT-Gandhinagar. IIT-Madras is raising a fund for start-ups.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US rules out trading aspects with Iran to fight ISPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 23, 2014 9:06 am
Asserting that it is in Iran’s interest to act against the Islamic State, US has said it will not be “trading aspects” of Tehran’s controversial nuclear programme to secure commitments to fight the terror group.
“It is not in the interest of the Iranian regime for this extremist organisation to be wreaking havoc on its doorstep,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.
“So, like the international community, the Iranians are understandably concerned about the gains that ISIL has made in Iraq, and they have indicated that they are ready to fight ISIL,” Earnest told reporters.
Earnest, however, ruled out any military or intelligence coordination with Iran on fighting Islamic State, or the ISIL.
“…the United States will not coordinate any of our military activities with the Iranians. The United States will not be involved in sharing intelligence with the Iranians.”
He said the effort by world powers to persuade Iran to end its nuclear programme is “entirely separate” from President Barack Obama’s attempts to build a coalition against the IS.
“The United States will not be in a position of trading aspects of Iran’s nuclear programme to secure commitments to take on ISIL,” Earnest said.
“These two issues are entirely separate. And the focus of the P5-plus-1 talks will remain on resolving the international community’s concerns about the Iranian nuclear program,” he said.
Over the weekend, Secretary of State John Kerry was in New York to engage in conversations in the context of the P5-plus-1 talks about resolving the international community’s concerns about Iran’s nuclear programme.
On the sidelines of those broader conversations, he did have a conversation with his Iranian counterpart to discuss IS, Earnest said.
Later this week, Obama would chair a meeting of the UN Security Council on the threat posed by foreign terrorist fighters, Earnest said.
“We have seen that there are several dozen countries from around the globe — not just the US and not just in the West, but from around the globe – where individuals have travelled to the region, taken up arms alongside ISIL fighters.
“The concern, again, that the US has, that our allies in Western Europe have and that our partners around the globe have is that these individuals could decide to return to their home country and possibly carry out acts of violence,” he said.
Earnest said at the UN Security Council meeting Obama hopes to accomplish a discussion about the kinds of global standards that can be put in place to mitigate the threat from these individuals.

Express 5: Rajasthan plans reforms in education; more directives on Muslims in garbasWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 8:52 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. REFORMING EDUCATION:
During Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje’s “sarkar apke dwar” programme, parents suggested that a complete ban on exams till Class 8 was not in the best interest of the child.
Rajasthan is planning two significant amendments to the RTE Act: reintroducing exams in at least three classes from Class I to 8, and giving more weightage to “learning outcomes” than to physical infrastructure of schools while deciding on their recognition or registration.
Bring back exams, more weight on learning, teachers , special report by P Vaidyanathan Iyer
2. GARBA ROW:
“Muslims should not be allowed entry. Make those insisting on entry taste cow urine or panchgavya (a concoction made of five cow products: milk, ghee, curd, urine and dung). It will ensure only Hindus enter because others don’t have faith (in cow and Hinduism).”
Garba: BJP MLA’s meet calls for ID checks, singing of Vande Mataram , reports Milind Ghatwai
3. CLEANING RAILWAYS:
Top bureaucrats of the Railways Ministry will spend Gandhi Jayanti sweeping stations across the country. The ministry issued a directive in this regard after Prime Minister Narendra Modi said he wants to see cleaner stations and trains.
Avishek G Dastidar reports: Sweep stations on Gandhi Jayanti, rail ministry tells its officials
4. OPINION:
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s success with China, US depends on ability to bring economics to the centre.
A foreign economic policy by Husain Haqqani
5. EXPRESS IN INCHEON:
For a man who has been intense and serious all through his career, Abhinav Bindra seems to have developed a penchant for the dramatic of late. In July, on the eve of his event in Glasgow, the Beijing Olympics gold medallist announced on social media that 2014 would be his last Commonwealth Games.

Modi likely to draw the largest crowd ever by a foreign leader in USOn the eve of Modi's U.S. visit, tensions remain between the Washington and New Delhi over trade and spying. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | New York | Posted: September 23, 2014 10:02 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 12:09 pm
It is a rock ‘n’ roller’s dream to “sell out The Garden,” but for a foreign politician to pack New York City’s most famous sports and entertainment arena is another thing entirely.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi , on his first trip to New York as leader of the world’s most populous democracy, will draw perhaps the largest crowd ever by a foreign leader on U.S. soil when he takes the stage on Sunday in Madison Square Garden before a crowd forecast to total more than 18,000 people.
Thousands more are expected to pack New York’s Times Square to watch his address in Hindi on big screens as well as smaller viewing parties around the country and on TV in India.
The Indian diaspora hopes this visit by a leader who was until recently barred from the United States will signify India’s importance not only on these shores but in wider the world too.
The event is being emceed by prominent members of the Indian American community, Nina Davuluri, who has just relinquished her crown as Miss America 2014, and TV journalist Hari Sreenivasan.
“Indian citizens and diaspora over the world are hopeful that this (Modi) administration will cut bureaucracy and focus on people,” said Dr. Dinesh Patel, chief of arthroscopic surgery at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, who arrived in the United States more than 50 years ago.
Patel, who says he was given an award for work in education by Modi, a fellow Gujarati, added: “People are passionate to see the new leader. Another Narendra is coming to this country to let the USA know what India is about.”
The first Narendra was Swami Vivekananda, a 19th-century philosopher and monk who propagated the Hindu faith in the United States. Modi often cites a speech by Vivekananda, born Narendra Nath Datta, to the Parliament of Religions in Chicago in 1893, as a source of inspiration.
“Let us remember the words of Swami Vivekananda and dedicate ourselves to furthering the cause of unity, brotherhood and world peace,” Modi wrote Sept. 11 to his 6.5 million followers on Twitter.
India’s economy, the third largest in Asia, has struggled to recover from sub-par growth, shackled by layers of bureaucracy anathema to the diaspora. Modi’s general election triumph in May was driven in large part by his entrepreneurial mantra.
On the eve of his U.S. visit, tensions remain between the Washington and New Delhi over trade and spying.
The 64-year-old former chief minister of Gujarat was denied a U.S. visa in 2005 over sectarian rioting that killed more than 1,000 people, mainly Muslims, three years before. Modi, who denies continued…
The 64-year-old former chief minister of Gujarat was denied a U.S. visa in 2005 over sectarian rioting that killed more than 1,000 people.

Narendra Modi visit  a chance to progress on key Indo-US issues"Seizing the Modi Moment: Reenergising US-India Ties on the Eve of the Prime Minister's Visit", has offered a series of concrete recommendations. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 23, 2014 10:02 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 10:11 am
Underlining that Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit presents an opportunity for progress on key issues in Indo- US ties, a top American think tank has said the two countries must ensure that it is the beginning of “renewed attention” towards each other than a one-off attempt.
“Once the pomp and ceremony of the visit have passed, the two countries must ensure that it does not represent a one-off attempt but rather the beginning of renewed attention to a relationship that requires constant tending,” said Richard Fontaine, president of the Center for a New American Security.
Fontaine, in a new policy brief titled “Seizing the Modi Moment: Reenergising US-India Ties on the Eve of the Prime Minister’s Visit”, has offered a series of concrete recommendations including completing Bilateral Investment Treaty negotiations and jump-starting trade liberalisation talks.
He recommends complete implementation of the civil nuclear agreement, renew and expand the Defense Framework Agreement and deepen regional cooperation in the Indo-Pacific, including through dialogue on post-2016 Afghanistan and by reviving the US-India-Japan-Australia Quadrilateral Security Dialogue.
“Taking steps in these areas would represent movement on only the highest priority items; there remains a rich agenda that touches on energy cooperation, democracy promotion, education and other spheres,” Fontaine said.
“In moving forward, it will be critical for leaders in both countries to keep their bureaucracies focused on the long-term prize: significantly deepened strategic partnership. In the absence of such top-down direction, the two countries will once again find their agendas stalled by myriad tactical-level impediments,” he said.
“To this end, President Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi should each designate a high-level relationship ‘owner’ on each side who will help combat the perception that Washington has lost interest in India and that New Delhi is too inwardly focused to think ambitiously about its relationship with America,” Fontaine wrote.
“The US Vice President or a cabinet-level official could fulfill this function on the American side; the Prime Minister’s National Security Advisor might play such a role for India,” he suggested.
The visit of Modi to the United States represents an important opportunity to rejuvenate bilateral ties after a period of malaise and inattention.
By making sure that it is the beginning of renewed attention to bilateral ties, Fontaine said, “they can deepen the transformation of relations between two great powers, anchor an Asian balance of power, spur growth in both countries and smoothen the rise of the world’s largest democracy.”
“In a world awash with intractable challenges, this is a investment worth making,” he said.
They can deepen the transformation of relations between two great powers and smoothen the rise of the world's largest democracy.

Infosys vice-presidents get salary hikes of ...Infosys vice-presidents get salary hikes of Rs 4-5 crore
By Sujit John & Shilpa Phadnis, TNN | 23 Sep, 2014, 09.35AM IST
0
Share More
The executive vice-presidents who are now at the Rs 6-crore level had salaries in the Rs 1.2-Rs 2 crore range previously, meaning that they have got three to five-fold hikes.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: Infosys has raised the salaries of its top executives so sharply that some of them are now in the $1-million (Rs 6-crore) compensation club - making them almost unpoachable by even international rivals - and raising the salary benchmark in the Indian IT industry.
The executive vice-presidents who are now at the Rs 6-crore level had salaries in the Rs 1.2-Rs 2 crore range previously, meaning that they have got three to five-fold hikes.
The move comes as newly appointed CEO Vishal Sikka seeks to revitalize the demoralized company and stem the flood of exits, and brings in senior executives from his erstwhile employer, SAP, at salaries that Infosys has largely been unused to.
Navnit Singh, MD of executive search firm Korn/Ferry India, says it is a retention strategy to make the senior executives less vulnerable to competition. "If you look at salaries of some of the global companies, they are comparable to what Infosys has done," he said.
"It's a golden handcuff," said a senior executive in the company who did not want to be named. When contacted, Infosys said it would disclose the details in its statutory filings, "as appropriate in due course".
Considering that Indian executives are seen increasingly as great candidates for global companies, HR experts say the new salaries are warranted. Former Wipro co-CEO Suresh Vaswani is on Dell's board and management team, and former Infosys president BG Srinivas is group managing director and executive director of Hong Kong-based telecom and media giant PCCW.
In the period immediately preceding Sikka's arrival at Infosys, Srinivas and former consulting head Stephen Pratt had compensations of over $1 million. Now, at least five of the existing executives, and some of the new appointees from SAP, are said to be in that bracket. The salaries of other top executives, too, are said to have been raised significantly.
In June, the $8.2-billion IT-services company elevated 12 senior VPs to executive VPs, and gave some of them new roles. Among these are Sandeep Dadlani, head of retail, CPG and logistics, and head of Americas; Rajesh Krishnamurthy, head of energy, communications & services and resources & utilities, and head of Europe; Mohit Joshi, head of financial services, and head of Brazil and Mexico; Sanjay Jalona, head of high-tech & manufacturing and engineering services; and Manish Tandon, head of life sciences and services in North America. Many of these are over $1-billion businesses.
An HR executive who does not want to be named says the company needs to reduce the differential in the salaries of Sikka and the rest. Sikka came in as the highest paid professional CEO of an Indian company, drawing a salary of $5.08 million (Rs 30 crore). This includes a base salary of $9,00,000 and a variable pay of $4.18 million that is subject to the company achieving certain fiscal milestones.
GC Jayaprakash, executive director in RGF Executive Search, says the standard practice in the IT industry is to offer substantial variable pays at top levels.
So while the Infosys top execs would have received a significant increase in their fixed salaries, the much larger increment would be in bonuses and variable pay. "This ensures that the current structure does not become too imbalanced, and most of the payments happen depending on how the company and the individual performs," the HR executive says.
Another HR executive who does not want to be named says: "By the end of this exercise, I expect the top 300 executives in Infosys will see role expansions, reorganization of their career tracks and significant increases in their compensation."

Sensex rangebound  Nifty tests 8150; top ten stocks in focusSensex rangebound, Nifty tests 8150; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 11.24AM IST
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a narrow range on Tuesday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets. L&T, M&M, ITC, ICICI Bank and ONGC were top Sensex losers.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading near its crucial psychological level of 8150, weighed down by losses in realty, oil & gas, metal and banking stocks.
At 11:19 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,144.23, down 62.51 points. The Nifty was at 8126.40, down 19.9 points.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Colgate Palmolive India Ltd: The Board declared a First Interim Dividend for the Financial Year 2014-15 of Rs. 8 per share of Re 1 each (face value).
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent lower at Rs 1638.70.
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd: The Delhi High Court Monday dismissed an appeal by the Haryana State Environmental Impact Assessment Authority (HSEIAA) against an order restraining it from "prosecuting" carmaker Maruti Suzuki for not having prior environment clearance (EC) for its unit in Rohtak.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 3091.
PNB: Punjab National Bank (PNB) has said its plans to split its stock in ratio of 1:5 which would mean that the face value of its shares would be Rs 2 as against Rs 10 now making it more affordable to retail investors.
RIL Ltd: Reliance Jio Infocomm has signed a deal with Indus Towers to share the latter's 113,490 towers as the Mukesh Ambani-led telecom company prepares to roll out high speed internet services on LTE next year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 989.20.
GMR Infrastructure Ltd: GMR Infrastructure Ltd has sought market regulator Sebi's clearance to raise up to Rs 1,500 crore through a rights issue.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent lower at Rs 22.65.
L&T, ITC and Axis Bank: Buoyed by the success of its exchange-traded fund comprising stocks of state-owned companies, the government is now looking to launch another such exercise to take advantage of the ownership of blue chips such as ITC and Larsen & Toubro through the Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India (SUUTI), besides some other key public sector stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; L&T was trading 0.9 per cent lower at Rs 1519, ITC was down 0.38 per cent to Rs 369.25 and Axis Bank was trading 0.5 per cent lower at Rs 406.
CIL: Coal India may raise prices of lower-grade coal, used to generate power, by a little over 10%, a move that will help offset the fall in miner's revenues from selling smaller volumes through e-auctions, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 341.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures: The Central Electricity Authority (CEA) is likely to issue a show cause notice to JP Associates' 100% subsidiary Jaiprakash Power Ventures (JPVL) for violating techno-economic clearance (TEC) conditions in the Karcham Wangtoo project, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.6 per cent lower at Rs 14.70.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS  RIL  Maruti Suzuki top gainers in early tradeSensex, Nifty trading flat; TCS, RIL, Maruti Suzuki top gainers
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 09.28AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a narrow range on Tuesday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets . TCS, RIL , Sun Pharma and Maruti Suzuki were top Sensex gainers.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a range, supported by gains in IT, power, oil & gas and consumer durable stocks .
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,202.77, down 4.2 points or 0.02 per cent. It touched a high of 27252.06 and a low of 27186.08 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8146, up 0.20 point or 0.01 per cent. It touched a high of 8149.85 and a low of 8137.90 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.35 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 0.60 per cent.
TCS (up 1.03 per cent), Infosys (up 0.80 per cent), NTPC (up 0.70 per cent), ICICI Bank (up 0.68 per cent) and Maruti Suzuki (up 0.65 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
M&M (down 0.9 per cent), ITC (down 0.71 per cent), HUL (down 0.55 per cent), HDFC Bank (down 0.53 per cent) and L&T (down 0.51 per cent) were the major index losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Credit Suisse sees 19% upside in Tata Motors; upgrades to  outperformCredit Suisse sees 19% upside in Tata Motors; upgrades to 'outperform'
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 10.36AM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(Tata Motors has been in a…)
NEW DELHI: Credit Suisse in its latest report upgraded the stock to 'outperform' from 'neutral' and has also raised its 12-month target price from Rs 510 to Rs 640, which translates into an upside of 18.6 per cent from 22 September closing price of Rs 539.40.
Tata Motors has been in a clear uptrend, rallying over 40 per cent so far in the year 2014 led by strong performance by Jaguar Land Rover (JLR).
Despite near-term concerns, the outlook remain robust for the global auto giant. However, despite strong results, the stock has underperformed Indian 4W peers by over 20 per cent over the past five months.
Historically, Credit Suisse has liked JLR's long-term story of volume growth being led by the filling of white spaces in the product portfolio and a faster refresh cycle.
The global investment bank has also upgraded their FY17E volumes and introduced China JV numbers leading to a 10 per cent upgrade to their estimates.
They have also increased JLR target multiple to 4.5x, as it heads into another phase of sustained new launches driving over 20 per cent volume growth.
However, there are some near-term concerns over JLR as highlighted by Credit Suisse: (1) a slowdown in volume growth which is playing out, (2) GBP appreciation vs USD which has since reversed, and (3) lower-than-expected margins on the Jaguar XE where the pricing was slightly better than our expectation.
Though, Credit Suisse expects volumes to remain slow till December and don't expect 1Q margins to be sustained, but they believe that JLR has multiple triggers to boost volumes in the March quarter.
After a period of relative lull post the launch of the new RR Sport around a year back, the launch of the new Discovery Sport and Jaguar XE along with the start-up of the engine plant and China JV are all due to happen by the end of this year.
All of these should be a big boost for volumes in the March quarter, and CS expects volume growth to return to the over 20 per cent range from the March quarter.
The global investment bank is positive on the long term story of JLR for some time as we believe it has been doing all the right things. Since the Tata acquisition in 2008, there has been a clear scale-up in investments into new product development.
JLR has enjoyed the freedom of working on its own rather than being tied to a large global player , and has stepped up investment in new launches with R&D spending almost tripling from £400 mn when Tata Motors took over to over £1.2 bn currently, said the report.
This is helping the company grow volumes in two ways: (1) plugging the gaps in its portfolio (like the upcoming Jaguar XE) and (2) increasing the refresh frequency of existing models.
However, Credit Suisse downgraded Mahindra and Mahindra to "neutral" from "outperform." It said that Mahindra's valuations were no longer "attractive." Mahindra and Mahindra shares were down 1.6 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

EIL up on order win from Assam PetrochemEngineers India gains on order win from Assam Petrochemicals
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 09.45AM IST
Tags:
Ambit capital
(Engineers India has bagged…)
MUMBAI: Engineers India has bagged a consultancy contract from Assam Petrochemicals for their proposed 500 TPD Methanol Plant and 200 TPD Acetic Acid Plant at Namrup, Assam.
As per the contract, EIL's scope of work include license, engineering, procurement and construction management services for methanol ISBL Plant & integrated OSBL plant of 500 TPD for Methanol & 200 TPD Acetic Acid Plant.
The company will be finishing the project in next 36 months.
"Whilst Engineers India would retain its leadership in the hydrocarbon consulting segment, weak order pipeline of greenfield refining expansions would likely lead to moderate annual LSTK order intake of Rs 6 -7 billion in FY15/16," said Ambit Capital report recently.
The brokerage downgraded EIL to SELL as it is trading at an expensive valuation of 17.3x FY16E EPS, given its marginal 4.2% EPS CAGR over FY14-17E and RoE decline of 130bps over FY14-17E to 18.9 per cent.
The company had reported 37.84 per cent decline in net profit to to Rs 80.40 crore and 1.74 per cent decline in net sales to Rs 435.49 crore during quarter ended June 2014.
At 09:30 a.m,; the stock was at Rs 256.50, up 1.64 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 259.50 and a low of Rs 253.55 in early trade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Syria says Washington informed it before strikesDAMASCUS, Syria, September 23, 2014
Updated: September 23, 2014 10:22 IST
Syria says Washington informed it before strikes
AP
Reuters A rebel fighter looks through a hole in the wall behind sandbags in Aleppo on Tuesday.
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
Syria’s Foreign Ministry says the United States informed Damascus’ envoy to the United Nations before launching airstrikes against the Islamic State group in Syria.
Syrian state media carried a brief statement from the Foreign Ministry early on Tuesday, saying that “the American side informed Syria’s permanent envoy to the U.N. that strikes will be launched against the Daesh terrorist organization in Raqqa”.
The statement used an Arabic name referring to the Islamic State group. The city of Raqqa is the militant group’s self-declared capital in Syria.
It was Damascus’ first official reaction after the U.S. and five Arab countries launched airstrikes on Islamic State group’s targets in Syria late on Monday, expanding a military campaign into a country whose three-year civil war has given the brutal militant group a safe haven.

Rupee Falls to 60.94 Per Dollar as Indian Equities StruggleYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Falls to 60.94 Per Dollar as Indian Equities Struggle
Agencies | Updated On: September 23, 2014 10:18 (IST)
The rupee fell to 60.94 today vs Monday's close of 60.82 Foreign investors sold Indian shares worth $30.53 million on Monday, provisional data from exchange showed.
Emerging markets fell even after a private survey on China's factory sector outpaced market's expectations.
Worries sparked after survey also showed factory employment slumped to a 5-1/2 year low.
Traders said the rupee will hold in a 60.80 to 61.10 range on Tuesday.
(With inputs from Reuters)

RBI to conduct Overnight Reverse Repo Auction of ` 10 000 crore under LAF TodaySep 23, 2014, 09.45 AM IST  | Source: RBI
RBI to conduct Overnight Reverse Repo Auction of ` 10,000 crore under LAF Today
RBI to conduct Overnight Reverse Repo Auction of ` 10,000 crore under LAF Today
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI to conduct Overnight Reverse Repo Auction of ` 10,000 crore under LAF Today
RBI to conduct Overnight Reverse Repo Auction of ` 10,000 crore under LAF Today
Post your opinion here
 
The Reserve Bank will conduct a one day reverse repo variable rate auction for a notified amount of ` 10,000 crore today (September 23, 2014, Tuesday). The auction will be conducted between 3.00 PM and 3.30 PM as per the revised guidelines on Term Repo Auctions issued on February 13, 2014 . Successful offers will get the allotment at their respective offered rates. Offers at or above the repo rate will be rejected. The reversal of the overnight reverse repo will take place on September 24, 2014 (Wednesday).
Ajit Prasad
Assistant General Manager
Press Release : 2014-2015/605

Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for September 23Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for September 23
Today, get ready to deal with a lot of speculation, regardless of you making a profit or loss, says Ganesha.
Post your opinion here
By Shri Dharmesh Joshi of Ganeshaspeaks
Please consider 10 minutes plus and minus in each prediction, and act accordingly.
Ganesha advises you to compare every prediction with the prediction of the previous time slot.
25-09-2014 is the concluding day of F and O, so you need to stay very alert.
Today, Moon is in Uttara.Phalguni constellation.
Mercury shall now move on to meet Saturn.
Today, get ready to deal with a lot of speculation, regardless of you making a profit or loss.
Around 11.00, you may sell and at around 12.00, you may buy.
Around 12.15, you may buy, and if you make some profits at the upper side, make an exit.
Shri Dharmesh Joshi is a protege of Bejan Daruwalla and belongs to the team of astrologers declared as official successors to his astrological legacy, by none other than Bejan Daruwalla himself, in an event in Mumbai on the 23rd Nov, 2009.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/astrologers on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

The case for balanced fundsThe case for balanced funds
Ebola cases to triple to 20K by Nov unless efforts raisedEbola cases to triple to 20K by Nov unless efforts raised
Suven Life Sciences stock down 1%Suven Life Sciences stock down 1%
L&T announces issue of FCCBsL&T announces issue of FCCBs
NCP  Congress leaders to meet today over seat sharing issueNCP  Congress leaders to meet today over seat sharing issue
Sharda Cropchem - Listing of equity shares of Sharda Cropche...Sharda Cropchem - Listing of equity shares of Sharda Cropche...
China Manufacturing Grows in September--UPDATEChina Manufacturing Grows in September--UPDATE
Engineers India gains on order win from Assam PetrochemicalsEngineers India gains on order win from Assam Petrochemicals
Sensex down 20 pts in early trade on global cuesSensex down 20 pts in early trade on global cues
Birla Sun Life MF introduces Fixed Term Plan - Series LY (1101 days)Birla Sun Life MF introduces Fixed Term Plan - Series LY (1101 days)
PM Modi s words shall be backed up by actionArshad Madani
(“If the PM really believes…)
NEW DELHI: PM Modi's recent statements on patriotism of Indian Muslims should have acted as a salve in the complicated relationship between the ruling party and the country's largest minority community, but a top Muslim leader said the government needs to walk the talk.
"We are willing to accept that the PM means what he says, we can take him at face value, but we would like to see these good words being backed up by action," said Arshad Madani , senior professor at the Darul-uloom at Deoband, which is the second largest Islamic seminary in the world, and president of the Jamaat-e-Ulema e Hind.
"There are thousands of innocent young Muslim boys in jails across the country on trumped up terror charges," he told ET in a freewheeling conversation. "If the PM really believes that Indian Muslims will give their lives for the country, he needs to make an effort to review their cases and let off those found to be held without any basis."
Madani, while taking the remarks on board, however, cautioned against the minority affairs ministry's moves to launch a madrasa modernisation scheme.
"We have nothing against modernisation, but madrasas are for the teaching of the 1,400-year-old Koran, the Sharia and the Hadith. What is the government going to do by getting into this?" he asked.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Narendra Modi will keep Navratri fast during his visit to USPM Narendra Modi will keep Navratri fast during US visit
Vasudha Venugopal, ET Bureau Sep 22, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Sources said some officials…)
NEW DELHI: PM Narendra Modi will begin his annual ritual of 'nakkoda' fasting that he has been observing every navratri for the past 35 years — nine days of drinking only water and strict adherence to yoga, meditation and puja at dusk — a day before he leaves for a five-day visit to the US on September 26. Modi fasts on both navratris — spring and autumn. The act, he has said in his book, Saakshibhav and in his blog, is his yearly self-purification exercise that gives him strength and ability to converse with 'Ambe ma' every night.
This time the fast coincides with the banquets that US President Barack Obama and the diaspora community may lay out for him during his stay there. It is believed that Obama will host one on September 29 evening. The NRIs too have organised a publicised reception for him at the Madison Square Gardens on September 28. "The Gujarat navaratri permits you to have a vrat thaali with sabudhaana items but Modiji believes in a stricter form of penance," said one of his close aides.
Sources said some officials in the PMO and MEA in charge of protocol are in talks with the Indian embassy in the US to make arrangements for his fast. For Obama's banquets, Michelle Obama is said to work with the best chefs to create a menu that will also include fresh fruit and vegetables straight from her kitchen garden in the White House . "Considering this is a very important meeting, he might have a token soup, salad, fruit or juice there but will avoid grains," said one of Modi's associates.
The PM might refrain from eating even at the reception accorded by the NRIs. A source said the PM, especially after the Patna blasts, has stopped eating outside food and has been taking along his cook even to some of his foreign tours. He said the meetings will go on as planned as Modi does not compromise on work. A Gujarat CMO official said during fasts he is said to have had fewer appointments and finish work by 10 pm, at least an hour before the regular time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi s US visit: Meeting with Jewish groups in NY on cardsBrics
(According to sources, Prime…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet US-based Jewish groups during his visit to the US this week followed by a meeting between External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and her Israeli counterpart.
According to sources here, Prime Minister will be meeting Jewish groups on September 28, the day on which he will also address thousands of Indian-Americans at the famous Madison Square Garden.
An influential American Jewish group had congratulated Modi soon after his electoral victory and hoped that under his leadership, India's ties with the US and Israel will strengthen further.
Modi is also scheduled to visit Ground Zero, the site of the World Trade Centre downtown here which was destroyed in the terror attacks by al-Qaeda in 2001.
He is also expected to visit the new 9/11 museum. Swaraj will hold bilateral talks with her Israeli counterpart Avigdor Lieberman on October 1.
Her meeting comes days after India along with BRICS countries voted in support of the UNHRC resolution to launch a probe into Israel's offensive on Gaza.
Israel launched Operation Protective Edge in the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip. Fifty days of Israeli bombardment, Palestinian rocket attacks, and ground fighting killed more than 2,200 people, mostly Palestinians.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NCP  Cong fight over seats to be decided by Sena-BJP talksAhmed Patel
(Congress camp thinks everything,…)
NEW DELHI: Nationalist Congress Party leader Praful Patel's "24-hour ultimatum" to the Congress seeking a 50:50 seat-sharing formula for Maharashtra assembly elections ended Sunday without any decision, and sources said a final call will depend on what happens at the BJP-Shiv Sena talks.
While NCP, minority partner in the Prithviraj Chavan-led government, has proposed 144 seats each, Congress sources said the AICC is working on three basic propositions: that NCP will not be given equal share of seats; that Sharad Pawar's party will settle for a negotiated settlement with Congress only if BJP and Shiv Sena ink a coalition pact; and, that if the saffron alliance really breaks up, NCP could explore options outside the 15-year-old alliance.
Congress camp thinks everything, including Pawar's next move, depends on which way the BJP-Sena ties will swing, finally.
If Pawar stayed back in Mumbai on Sunday showing no hurry to reach Delhi to meet Sonia Gandhi , AK Antony, who along with Ahmed Patel forms the Congress negotiating team, too will be reaching Delhi only by mid-week.
Both Congress and NCP sources, acknowledging behind-the-scene communication, said it could take "a few more days" before taking the final call on alliance.
AICC screening committee, with CM Prithviraj Chavan and Maharashtra PCC leader Manikrao Thakre present, held a meeting on Sunday night to firm up its probable lists of candidates - one with NCP as an ally and another list to contest all 288 seats.
Thakre said NCP cannot hope to get more than 125 seats. In the last assembly elections, Pawar's party had contested 114 seats.
Congress sources said the party is also keen to ensure that Pawar does not take advantage of a pre-poll alliance with it, whereby maximising its number of legislators, to make a post-poll deal with the BJP.
Congress circles feel that NCP's belligerences stems from its unhappiness over Chavan's leadership.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Exports to EU from Ranbaxys 2 plants to remain suspendedHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Exports to EU from Ranbaxy’s 2 plants to remain suspended
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, April 9:  
Exports from Ranbaxy plants at Toansa and Dewas to Europe will remain suspended as probes are continuing even as Indian authorities have withdrawn the certification of manufacturing standards from one of the units, European health regulator EMA said today.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) said that Indian authorities have withdrawn certification to the Toansa plant, while an international inspection of the Dewas plant has been planned for June 2014.
“The EMA and national medicines authorities in the EU are progressing with their assessment of reports of non-compliance with Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) at two Ranbaxy Laboratories’ sites in India,” a EMA spokesperson told PTI.
Exports from Toansa and Dewas sites to the EU will remain suspended, the spokesperson said without specifying a timeline for completion of investigations.
On the Toansa plant, the official said: “On March 26, 2014, Indian authorities withdrew the site’s ‘Written Confirmation’, effectively making the suspension of the exports official for the time being.”
The Written Confirmation is a document that accompanies all APIs (active pharmaceutical ingredients) exported to the EU to certify that relevant manufacturing standards have been met.
“In the meantime, the EMA and national medicines authorities in the EU are continuing to work together to ensure that failings previously identified at the site are fully resolved before there is a resumption of exports from the site to the manufactures in the EU,” it said.
Ranbaxy had voluntarily suspended exports from the sites to the EU in January 2014.
The EMA said a second unannounced international probe of the Toansa site was conducted after the USFDA banned products from the plant in January. The preliminary findings of the inspection carried out jointly by authorities from Germany, the UK, Ireland, Switzerland and Australia did not highlight any additional issues beyond those already identified.
The Toansa site had been supplying APIs for four centrally authorised medicines — Enyglid (repaglinide), Repaglinide Krka (repaglinide), Repaglinide Teva (repaglinide), and Nevirapine Teva (nevirapine) — and several non—centrally authorised medicines in Europe.
When contacted a Ranbaxy spokesperson declined to comment.
(This article was published on April 9, 2014)
Related

Chidambaram s wife questioned in Saradha scamChidambaram's wife questioned in Saradha scam
Nalini Chidambaram 'questioned' in connection with legal fees paid to her by the Saradha Group.
Mail Today –  Mon 22 Sep, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: THE Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has expanded its probe into the Saradha scam by 'questioning' senior Congress leader and former Union finance minister P. Chidambaram's wife Nalini.
The agency examined Nalini, a Supreme Court lawyer, in Chennai on Saturday, according to news agency PTI, in connection with the legal fees paid to her by the Saradha Group.
Nalini denies
However, Nalini said in a statement in Chennai later that she was not questioned by CBI, but consulted professionally. "CBI did not question me. CBI officers wanted to know whether Mrs Manoranjana Sinh had consulted me professionally. I told them yes. I was consulted," she said.
According to sources, Saradha chairman and alleged mastermind of the scam Sudipta Sen, who is in jail, had mentioned about hiring Nalini as a lawyer at the request of Manoranjana Sinh, the estranged wife of Congress leader Mantang Sinh.
Sen, who had written a letter to CBI last year, had claimed that Rs 1 crore was paid to the lawyer as her legal fee by the Saradha Group.
Nalini represented Manoranjana and, therefore, was asked to offer her professional advice in her negotiations with Sen in connection with plans by the Group to acquire a TV channel in the northeast.
The lawyer is believed to have advised her client against the Rs 42-crore investment by the Group to acquire the TV channel.
CBI recently raided properties owned by Matang Sinh in connection with the scam.
Nalini did not respond to calls and messages for her reaction.
Her team claimed that CBI only obtained a 70-page report prepared by her in connection with the plans for the TV channel acquisition.
The near-Rs 1-crore fee was for one year's assistance; it was transparent and nominal, sources close to Nalini said.
In August, CBI teams of about 10-15 officials each carried out searches at 28 locations spread across the national Capital, Kolkata, Guwahati and Odisha in connection with FIRs against the Saradha Group.
The Gol Market residence and office of Matang Sinh in New Delhi were searched as well. Sing is former minister of state for home affairs.
Besides, residences of Manoranjana, former IPS officer Rajat Majumdar, executive committee member of East Bengal club Debabrata Sarkar and Sen were searched, CBI sources had said.
2 STOCK BROKERS ARRESTED
CBI arrested two stockbrokers on Sunday for allegedly being involved in misappropriation of funds of scam-hit Artha Tatwa (AT) Group, a case which is a fallout of Saradha chit fund scam.
Deepak Pareekh was questioned on Saturday evening and arrested in Odhisa, agency sources said.
Pareekh has also allegedly obtained licence from Sebi and MCX for the AT Group.
His house was searched by CBI in August this year.
At Pareekh's instructions, AT Group established Artha Tatwa Capital Limited (ATCL), which was enlisted on BSE.
Pareekh used to invest AT Group's money in the stock market and is alleged to have made investment of behalf of several influential persons.
The other stockbroker is Dharmendra Bothra, arrested for his alleged links with the AT Group fraud.
Reproduced From Mail Today Copyright 2014.MTNPL. All rights reserved.
Recommend

Suven Life up 4% on board approval for fund raising planSep 22, 2014, 03.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Suven Life up 4% on board approval for fund raising plan
The board of directors of the company today approved fund raising not exceeding USD 100 million or its equivalent of any other foreign/Indian currencies by way of issue of securities to QIPs/FCCBs/other modes.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Suven Life up 4% on board approval for fund raising plan
The board of directors of the company today approved fund raising not exceeding USD 100 million or its equivalent of any other foreign/Indian currencies by way of issue of securities to QIPs/FCCBs/other modes.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Suven Life Sciences gained more than 4 percent intraday Monday on getting board approval for its fund raising plan. The stock has been on buyers' radar from Friday, rising cl3.6 percent.
The board of directors of the company today approved fund raising not exceeding USD 100 million or its equivalent of any other foreign/Indian currencies by way of issue of securities to QIPs/FCCBs/other modes.
The board has convened an extra ordinary general meeting of the members of the company to be held on October 21, 2014 for obtaining approval of members.
It also approved amendment of Articles of Association in line with Companies Act, 2013.
Suven Life Sciences is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercialising novel pharmaceutical products. It has 12 internally-discovered therapeutic drug candidates currently in pre-clinical stage of development.
At 14:52 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 206.60, up Rs 5.75, or 2.86 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Infosys shares rally 26% since Sikka took chargeYou are here: Home > Collections
Infosys shares rally 26% since Vishal Sikka took charge as new CEO
Biswajit Baruah, ET Bureau Sep 22, 2014, 08.12AM IST
Tags:
Chief Executive Officer
(With Sikka, a former SAP…)
MUMBAI: Is Infosys regaining its past glory on Dalal Street with the change of guard? Since the appointment of Vishal Sikka as the new chief executive officer mid-June, shares of Infosys have rallied 26%, outperforming its rivals TCS, HCL Technologies and Wipro , sparking hopes among die-hard investors that the company may be back to its winning ways.
Investment managers, who have interacted with senior Infosys officials after Sikka's appointment, said there is "positive change" in the body language, which could probably be rubbing off on the stock sentiment too. Since the beginning of 2014 to end of May, Infosys was an underperformer, declining 15% because of the exodus of several top employees and speculation about the company losing out in the race to secure big deals.
With Sikka, a former SAP biggie, at the top, fund managers said there is a fresh thrust to bag deals in areas that the company has never ventured before.
"Under the new operative model, Vishal Sikka, who is based out of the US, is focusing on leveraging his network to raise Infosys' profile among clients to get new orders.
"Sikka has also turned more active in client engagements, while defining technical road-map for Infosys," said the chief investment officer from leading mutual fund house, who has been in touch with the management.
Investors and analysts expect Sikka to announce strategic growth plans for Infosys on October 10, when the company makes its second quarter earnings presentation.
"Sikka is going to share his vision document and priorities in the next board meeting scheduled in October. We will get a clear picture where Infosys is headed post that meeting. Having said that, the vibes from the new management have been good so far," said Motilal Oswal, CMD of Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
Ahead of the results, analysts are recommending clients to create a derivatives strategy involving Infosys futures and Nifty futures. According to Amit Gupta, head of derivatives at ICICIdirect, traders could buy Infosys October futures at Rs3,680-3,690 and simultaneously sell Nifty October futures atRs8,130 - 8,150. This means he expects Infosys to outperform the Nifty in the runup to the results. Recently, CLSA has upgraded Infosys rating to 'Buy' from 'Outperform', and has increased the price target to Rs4,500 from Rs3,750. The stock ended flat at Rs3,701 on Friday.
Analysts, who have recently met Infosys top management, have been encouraged by the informal commentary about the approach to business. An analyst with a top brokerage who met a top company official quotes the executive, "Not doing anything is not an option anymore, even though there would be challenges the company would make investments for growth."
Infosys held $4.9 billion of cash and cash equivalents as of end-June 2014. Diviya Nagarajan, analyst at UBS , said in a note, "We expect to hear a greater emphasis on investments including merger and acquisition (M&A), innovations and solution-based offerings. We have observed increased confidence and optimism on business outlook from Infosys' senior management."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Sons transfers MF arm to Tata CapitalAnand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 17:04 IST
Tata Sons Chairman Cyrus Mistry (Photo: Reuters)
Anand Adhikari
Tata Capital, the financial services arm of the $100-billion Tata Group, is taking over the mutual fund (MF) business from the group holding company Tata Sons.
A proposal to transfer the business was taken a few months ago. The idea is to consolidate the financial services business under one roof for focused attention.
One may recall that Tata Sons (not Tata Capital) had applied for a banking licence with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). It, however, withdrew its application midway saying it looks forward to participating in the banking sector at an appropriate time.
Clearly, the group has banking ambitions and Tata Capital, a non-banking finance company (NBFC), is best suited to convert into a banking entity.
Tata Capital currently covers retail and commercial finance, including home, car, and two-wheeler loans, wealth management, private equity, travel, forex services, etc. It clocked in revenues of Rs 3,500 crore and a net profit of Rs 353 crore in 2013/14. The company has a loan book of around Rs 29,000 crore.
Sources say the deal was struck at around Rs 150 crore for the 68 per cent stake in the mutual fund arm. Another group company, Tata Investment Corporation, holds the remaining 32.09 per cent stake. It is not known whether Tata Investment is also transferring its stake to Tata Capital.
Tata Investment is purely an investment company with a focus on equity as well as debt investment in the market.
Tata Capital has, however, refused to confirm or deny the deal.
Tata Mutual Fund, meanwhile, has been lagging in the industry with assets under management (AUM) of Rs 21,954 crore in March 2014. The largest player, HDFC Mutual Fund, has an AUM of Rs 1,12,962 crore.
The mutual fund arm has been a profitable company with revenues of Rs 173 crore and net profits of Rs 17 crore in March 2014. The mutual fund business under Tata Asset Management was set up by Tata Sons when the sector was opened up for private players.

Infosys transformation may take two years  says AnalystsChief Executive Officer and Managing Director
(With Vishal Sikka at…)
BANGALORE: Infosys' two-year transformational process may take at least another two years as the company aims to scale itself to offer high-value services, according to experts who got a chance to interact for the first time with Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Vishal Sikka at an event in Berlin last week.
Even so, analysts who were at the customer event believe that if successful, the country's secondlargest software exporter could see improved margins with a new approach of trying to balance "to-do-same-for-less" contracts with "co-innovate-withthe-customer" type of deals. "Vishal presented a plan to reposition Infosys as a co-innovator for new business logic jointly with the customers," said Stefan Ried, vice president and principal analyst at Forrester Research .
"Some is packaged in Edge application (products, platforms and solutions or EdgeVerve) or Finacle (core banking product), others are less packaged and customer-specific," said Ried. "Infosys is in a transformational process since the last two years, which may take another two to three years."
The company "will take probably couple of years to be where" it aims to be, Infosys Chief Operating Officer Pravin Rao said at a CLSA conference on September 15.
"Today, when we look at our business, a big part of our business is getting commoditised," said Rao, adding that customers don't see much difference between offerings of leading IT outsourcers.
"So one of the areas we are looking at is how to start looking at some of the delivery service offerings, how to bring in element of differentiation, how to introduce automation and how to be more productive so that we can be more competitive," he said.
For the past few years, Infosys has been lagging behind some of its peers, including the country's leading IT firm, Tata Consultancy Services. When founder NR Narayana Murthy was asked to return to steer the company last June, he outlined a three-pronged strategy to help Infosys.
With Sikka at the helm now, the company is seeking to "transform" itself to be able to deliver innovative solutions. Sikka was a member of the Executive Board of SAP AG before joining Infosys in August.
"Somebody who is just outsourcing infrastructure could ybe replaced after the contract is expired but somebody who helps you architect your company's business logic stay for decades, just like SAP does," said Ried. To offer such solutions, Sikka is looking at ways to reduce costs and help free up budgets for innovation, according to Philip Carnelley, research director, European Software Group at IDC .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys inks largest office lease deal of 3 800 sq m in PolandInfosys inks largest office lease deal in Poland
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 05.04PM IST
Tags:
Cushman & Wakefield
(The agreement covers new…)
NEW DELHI: India's second largest software services firm Infosys has signed a contract with commercial real estate developer Skanska Property for leasing its office space for 10 years, the biggest such transaction in Poland this year.
The expansion comes in the wake of Infosys is planning to expand the workforce at Lodz delivery centre by 500 people.
The Bangalore-based firm's arm Infosys BPO Poland signed the lease agreement with Skanska Property for over 21,000 sq m in Infosys Green Horizon office complex in Lodz city in the European nation.
The agreement covers new lease terms for the area already occupied by Infosys beside an additional 3,800 sq m of office space.
Real estate advisory firm Cushman & Wakefield, which represented Infosys BPO, said the agreement is the largest deal in the Lodz's office market so far and the biggest lease transaction in Poland in 2014.
The new lease agreement extends the lease period to 2024. Infosys did not comment. "The possibility of expanding within one location is one of the key aspects for companies from the business services sector while choosing their new office. This was the case with Infosys BPO Poland, who is planning to increase the number of employees by a further 500," Cushman & Wakefield said.
Lodz delivery centre was established after Infosys BPO took over Philips Shared Service Centre (SSC) in 2007. It is the largest Infosys location outside India, offering BPO and ITO services across 48 geographies in 24 languages.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rashtriya Ispat Files Draft Papers for IPOYou are here: Home Corporates
Rashtriya Ispat Files Draft Papers for IPO
Reuters | Updated On: September 22, 2014 18:09 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: State-owned steel producer Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd (RINL) has filed draft papers for an initial public offering (IPO) of 10 per cent of its shares.
The government will sell about 440.1 million equity shares to the public in the offering, according to a draft prospectus on the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) website.
The share sale is part of the government's target to raise a record $10.5 billion in asset sales during the fiscal year to March 2015 to help plug its budget deficit.
UBS and Deutsche Bank are the lead managers for the issue.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 17:28 (IST)

Yahoo Acquires Bangalore-Based BookpadSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Good news for three young entrepreneurs out of Bangalore with Yahoo acquiring their city-based start-up Bookpad. Bookpad's product DocsPad lets users view and edit any document within a website or app.
The three graduates of IIT Guwahati are all in their twenties and - while they were not allowed to divulge any details as part of the deal - the acquisition is a reminder that Bangalore can still pull out the successful start-up stories.
Bangalore-based e-commerce firm Flipkart is a major start-up success story - and was in the news recently for the massive $1 billion investment it managed to pick up.
Facebook recently acquired Bangalore's Little Eye Labs.
Other start-ups are encouraged by the environment that made these deals possible.
Dextra had success with Iris - an answer to Siri for Android phones.
"It is positive that global players like Facebook and Yahoo are looking at Bangalore for their shopping ...India in general and Bangalore in particular are coming in their radar. So other companies will scout and that is a good thing for any start up. Start-ups have smaller teams," the 28 year old CEO of Dextra, Narayan Babu, told NDTV.
"Bookpad was a 4-5 member team, Little Eye Labs 3-5 people team - so they are all playing much larger roles. There is a lot of cushion for start-ups here - a good environment for start-ups around Bangalore."
The Karnataka government has tied up with Nasscom to encourage start-up ideas of the state - which has of course seen giants like Infosys put Bangalore on the world map of IT in the days when it was more about services and less about products.
The acquisition of Bookpad by Yahoo is seen as encouraging news by other young start-ups. The fact that major players are eyeing Bangalore start-ups is putting the sparkle back in India's Silicon Valley.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 19:54 (IST)

No plan to take LIC Nomura Mutual Fund public: LIC chairmanSep 22, 2014, 09.36 PM IST  | Source: PTI
No plan to take LIC Nomura Mutual Fund public: LIC chairman
LIC Mutual Fund was set up in April 1989 and LIC, the single largest domestic investor in the market managing assets over Rs 17 trillion, holds a 45 percent stake in the venture.In January 2011, it roped in Japanese financial powerhouse Nomura which holds a 35 percent stake at present.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
No plan to take LIC Nomura Mutual Fund public: LIC chairman
LIC Mutual Fund was set up in April 1989 and LIC, the single largest domestic investor in the market managing assets over Rs 17 trillion, holds a 45 percent stake in the venture.In January 2011, it roped in Japanese financial powerhouse Nomura which holds a 35 percent stake at present.
Post your opinion here
 
Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), the nation's largest financial institution, has ruled out taking its mutual fund subsidiary LIC Nomura Mutual Fund public. "We have no plans to list our mutual fund arm LIC Nomura MF, since the business has not grown the way we wanted. It is yet to be scaled up and I don't think, we can get a good valuation at the current level," LIC Chairman Surya Kumar Roy told PTI in an interview.
LIC Mutual Fund was set up in April 1989 and LIC, the single largest domestic investor in the market managing assets over Rs 17 trillion, holds a 45 percent stake in the venture.
In January 2011, it roped in Japanese financial powerhouse Nomura which holds a 35 percent stake at present. The remaining 20 per cent stake in LIC's mutual fund business, is held by LIC's home finance arm LIC Housing Finance.
Also Read: Very bullish on banks, pharma, metals & IT, says  LIC's Roy
Blaming the withdrawal of entry load for the poor state of the mutual fund industry, Roy said that the domestic mutual fund industry is still in a "crisis". "Unless you incentivise agents and brokers, there is no reason for them to sell a product. However, that is not
happening now," Roy said. It may be noted that in August 2009, the then Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) chairman C B Bhave had abolished entry loads for mutual funds agents.
Though present SEBI Chairman U K Sinha partially incentivised mutual funds agents in July 2011 by allowing mutual fund houses to pay agents from their fund expenses, the ripple effect of the crisis due to abolition of entry loads, continues to haunt the mutual fund industry, he said. "The biggest problem facing the mutual fund industry is that retail investors keep away. It is still a corporate-driven industry. Unless retail investors come into the market, you cannot really say there is real depth in the market," Roy, who took charge on July 1, 2013, for a five-year term, said.
He said the mutual fund industry continues to grapple with challenges and is searching for a growth trigger. He said LIC Nomura MF's assets under management have come down to a low of Rs 10,000 crore from a high of over Rs 70,000 crore in its heydays.
This is despite the record overall assets under management of the industry crossing Rs 10 trillion in May on the back of a stock market rally. Asked whether the new government plans to take LIC itself public, Roy said that he has no idea. "Being LIC's owner, it is upto the government to decide at what level and how its ownership has to be maintained," he
said.
LIC plans to invest more than Rs 3 trillion this fiscal, mostly in government bonds, while Rs 55,000 crore would be invested in the equities market this fiscal, he said.
RELATED NEWS

Colgate Palmolive announces interim dividendColgate Palmolive announces interim dividend of Rs 8 per share
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 22:34 IST
Colgate Palmolive (India) Ltd on Monday announced an interim dividend of Rs 8 per share of face value Re 1 each for the financial year 2014-15.
The board of directors of the company at its meting held on Monday approved the proposal.
"The dividend payout to the shareholders will be Rs 127.3 crore (inclusive of the dividend distribution tax of Rs 18.5 crore) and will be paid on October 16, 2014 to those shareholders whose names are on the Register of Members of the Company as on September 30, 2014," Colgate Palmolive (India) said in a statement.

NPPA withdraws price control guidelines of 108 formulationsLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NPPA withdraws price control guidelines of 108 formulations
The order was to cap prices of a list of 108 cardiovascular and diabetes drugs, not part of NLEM, and had created an uproar from the industry leading to lawsuits contesting the order. Now with the guidelines withdrawal notification, the July 2014 order, in essence, ceases to be valid.
Post your opinion here
 
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has withdrawn its disputed guidelines based on which the drug regulator had initiated price control of 108 non-scheduled formulations.
The order was to cap prices of a list of 108 cardiovascular and diabetes drugs, not part of NLEM, and had created an uproar from the industry leading to lawsuits contesting the order. Now with the guidelines withdrawal notification, the July 2014 order, in essence, ceases to be valid.
While it will be a disappointment for patients' waiting to see their pharmacy bills benefit from lower prices in these two mass market drug categories, the guidelines withdrawal will come as a relief for the domestic drug industry, reports CNBCTV18's Archana Shukla.
NPPA had taken the industry by surprise on July 10th, when it invoked the rarely used clause of Paragraph 19, that allows price control outside of the list of essential medicines under extraordinary circumstances.
NPPA had said its move of price control was driven by huge
inter-brand price difference seen in most drug categories. NPPA had used the term "exploitative pricing" for such situations where medicines become unaffordable or hugely expensive for patients, in a market which pays out of pocket.
NPPA's order had broadened the scope of price control even to drugs outside of NLEM, and the industry feared that the entire market was now susceptible to price control.
Around 5500 crore worth of market was estimated to be impacted because of the order for 108 formulations. The order had brought nearly 58 percent of all cardiac drugs & 21 percent of all diabetes drugs under price control and an average 12 percent price cuts were expected.
However, the industry bodies had taken representations to the government, opposing the order and pressure had been building up on the drug regulator.
Both Indian drug lobby Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance & MNC group Organisation of Pharma Producers of India had legally challenged the order in separate petitions, questioning the use of Para19 and NPPA's jurisdiction to carry out the order. The matter is sub-judice.
 
Experts say a formal withdrawal of the price control order will be the next step now after the guidelines are withdrawn.
The order withdrawal would be a relief in particular for Sanofi, Abbott, Zydus Cadila, Ranbaxy, Lupin, Sun, cipla, who have large presence in Diabetes & cardiovascular drugs.
Biggest relief for Sanofi as its estimated sales losses were 139 crores because of this price control.
NPPA had also spoken about reviewing 7 other drug therapies to study inter-brand price difference & a possibility of more price control.
However, the industry's hangover of another price control lists has gone, at least in the near term.
RELATED NEWS

Health Canada asks Ipca to stop ingredients shipmentHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Health Canada asks Ipca to stop ingredients shipment
P T Jyothi Datta
USFDA detected data manipulation by the company
Mumbai, Sept 22:  
Just months after Ipca voluntarily stopped the export of pharmaceutical ingredients to the United States, the drugmaker has been asked by Health Canada to stop similar shipments to Canada as well.
Health Canada has taken the precautionary step of asking Ipca Laboratories in India to voluntarily stop shipment of products to Canada based on a review of a recent good manufacturing practices (GMP) inspection report by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) where they identified falsification and manipulation of data issues at the company, the regulator said.
“Ipca had not disputed the FDA findings with Health Canada,” it said, adding that the FDA has not issued a recall of any of the affected products.
In July, Ipca had voluntarily stopped exporting active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) from its Ratlam plant in Madhya Pradesh to the US following regulatory observations made by the US regulator.
Health Canada recent directive covers about 21 APIs. The department has also asked Canadian companies that import products containing APIs from the Ipca facilities to temporarily quarantine these products, it added.
Since there is no indication that the issues identified during the FDA inspection pose a risk to health, the Canadian regulator said that it was not requesting a recall of products already on the market. But that could change if the situation changes, it added.
The developments in Canada come even as drugmakers like Ranbaxy and Wockhardt grapple with USFDA scrutiny on several of their plants. More recently, even Sun Pharma has been facing regulatory issues at some of its plants.
Regulators collaborate
As regulators around the world share information and inspection reports, Health Canada said it would continue to work with other international regulatory partners, Canadian importers and Ipca, to gather more information about the products involved.
The information being sought includes any additional testing being done, the medical necessity of the products involved, their market share, and risk assessments, it said.
The process could take a few weeks to complete given the complexity of efforts, it said, adding that the voluntary quarantine would continue until the department was satisfied that adequate measures were in place to confirm the quality of the products from these facilities.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Pound fades as Scots relief proves briefSterling’s rebound fizzles as Scotland relief proves shortlived
By Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b791b4e-426c-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UP Muslims see hope in Modis patriotism remarkComments
Narendra Modi’s conciliatory statement on Indian Muslims has stirred a debate among Uttar Pradesh’s 40 million Muslims, with community leaders agreeing that their lingering distrust of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) could be removed if the prime minister walked the talk.
Modi praised the patriotism of Indian Muslims in an interview with CNN last week, saying they could live and die for their country.
The comments have been variously analysed. While some felt it was aimed at broadening his appeal among moderate Hindus and minorities after reverses in a string of by-polls so early on in his term as prime minister, the Congress said the remarks were made to please his American audience ahead of his US visit and did nothing to tamp down Hindu fundamentalists.
But, among the Muslims of Uttar Pradesh, Modi’s words have sparked deep interest over whether they reflected a fundamental shift in the way the prime minister perceived the community and signalled an effort to reach out to it.
Read: Indian Muslims won't dance to the tune of al Qaeda, will live and die for India: Modi
A common gripe appeared to refer to Modi’s ability to articulate a moderate position with his party’s ideological parent, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), and numerous other radical Hindu fringe groups.
“It does seem that in his new job and beset with huge responsibilities Modi is certainly trying to attain acceptability of all sections -- a la Atal Bihari Vajpayee, the BJP’s moderate face,” Prof Mohib-ul-Haque of the political science department of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) told HT.
“But for that to happen, he would have to defy the RSS as well as the fringe elements within the (Sangh) Parivar who have been pushing a divisive agenda,” he said, adding that if Modi followed up on his words it could help Muslims drop their “hostility” towards the BJP.
Maulana Kalbe Sadiq, a prominent Lucknow-based cleric, said though he had read comments questioning the timing of the statement, one could hardly disagree with the prime minister.
“Modiji has said that no Muslim would ever side with Al-Qaeda, a terrorist organisation. Now, why should anyone contest that? It’s a fact. Only a crazy person would choose otherwise,” said Sadiq.
But Modi’s unusual praise for the community also caught many Muslims unawares, highlighting the deep religious fault lines over a man many accuse of turning a blind eye to a communal massacre on his watch as chief minister of Gujarat in 2002.
For Shafiq Ahmad, a Noida-based engineer, Modi’s remarks were unexpected.
“It would take a while before the real import of the message sinks in,” Ahmad said.
“It does appear to be an image-makeover attempt. Nothing wrong with that but for it to succeed, Modi would really have to control rabble rousers in the Parivar who often tinker with communal issues for political gains.”
On its part, the RSS is looking to use Modi’s comments to build bridges with Muslims in Uttar Pradesh.
Read: Here's why Modi’s defence of Muslims is expediently wise
“We would be popularizing Modi’s statement among the minorities,” said Mairajdhwaj, an RSS pracharak associated with the Muslim Rashtriya Manch, a Hindu body floated to build consensus among the minorities on contentious issues like the Ram temple.
“I think as far as RSS is concerned it has always stood by nationalist Muslims and the PM’s statement simply underlines it.”
Many Muslims appeared to agree with that argument.
“It’s an emotionally satisfying statement, one that would help Muslims understand that BJP or Modi are not going to eat up the minorities,” said Iqbal Ahmad, a prominent surgeon in Haleema Hospital of minority dominated Mau district.
"Before the Lok Sabha polls, Congress continued to play up Modi's failure to stop the 2002 riots in Gujarat. But the Congress too is guilty of Babri demolition.
“In fact, maximum riots took place with Congress in power. With a little tact Modi can actually help Muslims start believing and trusting the BJP." --

New IPR Policy: Commerce Minister Holds First Meeting With StakeholdersCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Monday discussed with stakeholders various issues related with intellectual property rights (IPR) to outline the contours of the new policy.
"Had a brainstorming session with IPR stakeholders, experts and practitioners for a holistic IPR Policy," Ms Sitharaman said in a tweet.
On September 8, she had announced that the government will come out with a policy on intellectual property rights (IPRs) to make them more robust.
An official said that Monday's was the first meeting in which all the stakeholders, including government officials from different departments, academicians, IPR practitioners and professors participated.
"India does not have an IPR policy. This is the first time we are coming out with an IPR policy. IPR policy issues have been hanging for quite a long time," Ms Sitharaman had said.
By February-end or March, the trade ministry would prepare the draft IPR policy and put on the website for public comments, the official added.
The IPR policy would help modernise IP administration and offices; commercialisation of IP; collaboration between different departments including science and technology, and encourage innovation and enhance domestic filing of patents.
The policy also assumes significance in view of the issues being raised by developed countries such as the US.
Developed nations are picking holes in India's IPR laws because it does not have any policy, she said.
During the recent times, the Obama administration has been strongly criticising India's investment climate and IPR laws, especially in the pharmaceuticals and the solar sectors.
India has maintained that its IPR regime is fully compliant with WTO laws and it will not take part in any unilateral investigations by the US on the matter.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 23:51 (IST)

India still miles from creating its own  AlibabaIndia still miles from creating its own 'Alibaba'
Surajeet Das Gupta & Sounak Mitra | New Delhi Sep 23, 2014 12:57 AM IST
In what could be a dampener for those betting on its so-called digital expansion and expecting it to produce another online giant like China's Alibaba, India's mobile broadband penetration in 2013 (based on per 100 inhabitants) was a mere 3.2 per cent, data released by the International Telecommunications Union (ITU) show. This was much lower than the global average of 26.7 per cent and placed India at the 113th spot among 138 countries.
India's mobile broadband reach was smaller than neighbours Nepal (13 per cent), Bhutan (15.6 per cent) and Sri Lanka (7.8 per cent). Some African countries like Ghana (39.9 per cent) and Nigeria (10.1 per cent), too, were much ahead. By comparison, China, which also has a large population like India, was ranked 78th with a mobile broadband penetration of 21.4 per cent. Singapore, with 135 per cent penetration, topped the list.
In fixed broadband penetration, India's performance in 2013 was even worse. With a reach of a poor 1.2 per cent, it was ranked 125th among 190 countries. The global average was 9.4 per cent. Again, China was much ahead, with a penetration of 13.6 per cent.
This implies India's broadband internet usage, either on mobile devices or computers, remains very limited. In terms of percentage of households with internet access, India, with a 13 per cent penetration, was ranked 75th among developing countries. China, by comparison, was ranked 33rd, with a 44 per cent penetration. Other developing countries like Brazil and South Africa were much ahead, with 42.4 per cent and 39.4 per cent, respectively.
Also, the global numbers seem to counter the buzz that the social media platform is attracting Indians in droves to the internet. The country's social media penetration as a percentage of active internet users in January 2014, according to Global Web Index, was a meagre 12 per cent - the lowest among 23 countries surveyed on this parameter. While Canada (82 per cent) topped the list, China had a penetration of 42 per cent.
Facebook Inc Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg considers India a priority market, where the popular social media platform has started 'monetising' its service, with its user base in the country exceeding 100 million. And, with 40 million users, WhatsApp has become the country's most popular instant chat application. Thanks to these, besides other factors, many were given to believe that India had a fair chance of being home to the next bunch of online giants.
True, the country has some of its own e-commerce big boys, such as the $7-billion Flipkart, which are working to change the way Indians might shop in the future. But a look from the global standpoint seems to reveal that India is far from creating a company like Alibaba, whose market capitalisation after recently listing on the New York Stock Exchange stands at $231.4 billion.
Among key reason for low internet penetration in India is the huge delay in completing the government's ambitious national fibre network project to connect about 250,000 gram panchyats with high-speed internet. The programme, which was slated to be completed by 2014-15, has now been postponed to 2017. Also, state-owned corporations BSNL and MTNL, which control more than 80 per cent of the country's fixed-line business, have not pushed fixed broadband and preferred to invest in mobility.
The department of telecommunications has cited slow speed as a reason for low internet penetration. It has also blamed for slow speed the limited availability of spectrum and old copper networks that carry fixed broadband internet. Besides, with mobile operators paying hefty price for 3G spectrum, financial troubles have forced many to slow down rollout of services across the country. The government had last year decided to change the definition of broadband, increasing the minimum speed requirement from 256 kbps to 512 kbps. But it could not increase further because of infrastructural constraints.

China Property: alms up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/dd7bb2cc-4236-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesco rocked by suppliers shiftTesco rocked by shift in power balance with suppliers
By Andrea Felsted and Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29710dee-426e-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The clearest pictureE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rockets prompt Israel to end Gaza talksRockets prompt Israel to call off Gaza talks
By John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/328d2304-27a7-11e4-ae44-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Arab Bank faces Hamas funding claimsArab Bank faces Hamas funding claims in NY
By Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/163f9e54-1f30-11e4-9689-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

All eyes on HSBCs China PMIAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

China war on graft hinders outbound dealsChina’s war on graft leads to drop in outbound investment
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/58d0cb22-421b-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Here are the seven countries the United States has bombed since 9/11Adam Pasick @adampasick
September 23, 2014
The US began airstrikes in Syria today, fulfilling president Barack Obama’s vow to “degrade and destroy” the extremist group that calls itself the Islamic State. The Pentagon said it  deployed bombers, fighters, armed drones, and cruise missiles  against IS forces in the group’s de facto capital of Raqqa, Syria and along the Iraq border. Military aircraft from Bahrain, Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates took part in the strikes, US officials told the New York Times .
The military operations within Syria bring the confirmed number of countries targeted by US airstrikes since September 11, 2001—either by conventional planes and missiles, or by armed drones—to seven. In addition to Syria they include: the long-running US military campaigns in Iraq (which has now been bombed by four consecutive US presidential administrations , dating back to 1991) and Afghanistan; drone attacks on Islamist militant groups in Somalia, Yemen, Pakistan; and NATO-led operations against ousted Libyan dictator Muammar el-Qaddafi.
Update: The New York Times reported in 2012 that the US carried out a drone strike in the Philippines in 2006, firing “a barrage of Hellfire missiles from a Predator” in an unsuccessful attempt to kill an Indonesian terrorist. The allegation was denied by US and Philippine officials. An opinion column published by the Brookings Institute in 2012 makes further claims that a US “drone war” is being carried out in the southern Philippine islands.
Share this:

Toyota plans mid-size sedan to take on Honda...Save precious time tracking your investments
Toyota Motor is developing a mid-size sedan for the Indian market where it will likely take on rival Honda Cars India's City, the top-selling car in the segment.
The development work has already begun and the car is expected to hit the market at the end of 2016, three people with knowledge of the company's plans said. It will be based on the Etios platform and is internally code-named Etios C or Etios Core, they said.
The car will be positioned between Toyota's existing entry-level sedan Etios and the globally popular Corolla Altis. The decision was made after conducting several feasibility studies over the past few years, these people said.
A spokeswoman at Toyota Kirloskar, the local joint venture of the Japanese major, said the company "would like to refrain from commenting on any future products or plans".
Toyota, the No. 1 auto-maker globally, hasn't had a good run in the sedan segment in India, though the Corolla has been a reasonable success. The Etios that it developed targeting India's price-conscious consumers didn't find many buyers.
The hatchback version of the vehicle, the Liva, too hasn't posed any threat to rival models from Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai Motor . However, in the utility vehicle space, Toyota is the leader with the Innova, and its Fortuner sport-utility vehicle too, has been a runaway success.
The mid-size market comprises cars priced between Rs 8 lakh and Rs 13 lakh. The local unit of Toyota has never been to this market where volume has shrunk a bit but is still big — mid-size sedan totaled 1.55 lakh in the fiscal year through March 2014.
The recently introduced Ciaz is Maruti's renewed attempt to capture the market, where Hyundai's Verna is the No. 2.
One of the people cited above said Toyota is working on a potential annual volume of 40,000-50,000 units.
"This product will be a significant offering from Toyota since its launch of the Etios and Liva did not deliver the desired volumes. The company is hopeful that the incremental volumes of the new sedan will help it utilise the second factory better," this person said.
The mid-size segment has seen intense action from all players off late in terms of new generation products and facelifts. The segment has shrunk a bit - sales now total to 1.55 lakh units a year - in part due to a shift in consumer preference to compact SUVs like Renault Duster, Ford EcoSport, Nissan Terrano and Mahindra XUV 500.
But industry experts see a turnaround in the segment, as the overall auto market has started picking up. Buyers are also returning to petrol-driven models as diesel - the fuel that powers most of these compact SUVs - becomes expensive with the government phasing out subsidy.
The new Honda City has a waiting period running into four-five months. It is the fourth generation of the model.
Led by the fluidic new Verna, Hyundai had captured the segment leadership in fiscal 2013 and 2014 with annual sales of 58,000 units and 45,700, respectively. Honda reclaimed the No. 1 position this fiscal year.
Toyota is very strong in this segment in Southeast Asia with its Vios, though it never had a suitable option for India.
The new mid-size sedan if done well can deliver 50-60% of the company's current overall volume, said Deepesh Rathore, founder and director of automotive consultancy Emerging Markets Automotive Advisors.
Given the low volumes of the Etios and Liva, Rathore said, it is very important for Toyota to enter the mid-size segment to bring in the incremental sales.
"Toyota faces no problems in selling premium products like the Corolla, Innova or Fortuner in the Indian market. This indicates that customers still value the brand for what it stands for," he added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Watch: What Indians in US expect from PM Modi s New York visitIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Watch: ISRO prepares for Mangalyaan s entry into Mars orbitIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Sharda Cropchem lists shares in  B  groupSharda Cropchem lists shares in 'B' group
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
Sharda Cropchem (scrip code: 538666) has informed the BSE members in an exchange filing that the shares of the company are listed and admitted to dealings in 'B' Group Securities from Tuesday.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

P V Bharathi is Can Fin additional directorP V Bharathi is Can Fin additional director
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
Can Fin Homes informed the BSE that its board of directors has appointed P V Bharathi as Additional Director with effect from September 22.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

10 million iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sold  says Apple IncE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gujarat Petrosynthese board meet on Sept 25Gujarat Petrosynthese board meet on Sept 25
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
Gujarat Petrosynthese has said in an exchange filing that its board of directors would meet on September 25 to consider conversion of 5,25,000 warrants into equity shares of face value Rs 10 per share issued to Yashashree Commercial Services.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Facebook to introduce new advertising platformFacebook to introduce new advertising platform
Reuters |  Sep 23, 2014 06:18 AM IST
Facebook Inc is set to unveil a new advertising platform to improve effectiveness of online ads, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday citing people with knowledge of the matter.
The product is a redesigned version of Atlas Advertiser Suite, an ad management and measurement platform that Facebook bought from Microsoft Corp last year.
It is expected to help marketers target Facebook users more effectively by measuring which users have seen, interacted or acted upon ads that appear on Facebook's services and on third-party websites and apps. 
The product will also provide a tool for marketers to buy ads to target Facebook users across the Web.
Microsoft took on Atlas with its $6.3 billion acquisition of digital ad agency aQuantive in 2007. Unable to make it work for its own purposes, Microsoft wrote off $6.2 billion of the aQuantive deal's value in 2012.
The world's No.1 Internet social network, which lags behind market leader Google Inc in US market for online display ads, did not reveal how much it paid for the technology.
Facebook counts 1.5 million advertising customers and the company's ad business saw strong growth across all of its geographic regions, Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg told Reuters in July.
Mobile advertising revenue grew 151% year-over-year, accounting for roughly 62% of Facebook's overall ad revenue in the second quarter.

New comic book stars Facebook COO Sheryl SandbergE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Do single premium life covers merit your moneyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Be ready for aregional war  Xi tells Chinese troopsprint
The People’s Liberation Army (PLA) should be combat ready for a regional war, President Xi Jinping has said, adding that the armed forces’ chain of command should strictly follow the central leadership’s instructions.
Addressing a closed door meeting with top PLA officers on Sunday, Xi said the armed forces should have complete faith and loyalty to the ruling Communist Party of China (CPC) leadership.
Following the meeting, the Chinese defence ministry issued a statement on Monday, stating that the PLA must follow orders issued by President Xi.
Besides being the President and the head of the Communist Party of China (CPC), Xi also heads the powerful Central Military Commission (CMC), which oversees China’s vast armed forces, the largest in the world.
“All PLA forces should follow the instructions of President Xi and update their operations to meet new goals and missions set by the CMC,” the defence ministry statement said.
It was not the first time that Xi has urged the PLA to be ready for a “regional war”, but the statement assumes significance as he said it again days after incursions by the Chinese army cast a long shadow over his three-day India visit.
In the order of things, the PLA is expected to always follow the lead from the civilian government. But Monday’s statement reiterating that fact could trigger speculation among strategists whether the chain of command leading up to Xi was, in fact, working smoothly or not.
 “Headquarters of PLA forces must have absolute loyalty and firm faith in the CPC, guarantee a smooth chain of command and make sure all decisions from the central leadership are fully implemented,” Xi was quoted as telling the officers in the meeting.
Xi then urged them to be combat ready for a “regional war”.
“Headquarters of all PLA forces should improve their combat readiness and sharpen their ability to win a regional war in the age of information technology,” he said.
Official news agency, Xinhua, quoted him as saying that the PLA should “strictly discipline themselves and the armies as well as contribute to the reform of national defence”.
The PLA chiefs of staff met in Beijing on Sunday to discuss how to improve “the efficiency of military command under new circumstances”.
Military commanders should have a better understanding of international and domestic security situations as well as the latest military development, Xi said. Meanwhile, the foreign ministry on Monday continued to play down the PLA incursion into Ladakh.
“We can say that President Xi’s visit to India has removed some of the suspicions of the two countries and pushed bilateral relations to a new age,” spokesperson, Hua Chunying said.
 “As for border issue, and whether it will influence President Xi’s visit, I want to say that this is totally unnecessary suspicion because two leaders have reached important consensus on politically resolving the border issue through a friendly mechanism. We have an effective mechanism for the border issue…and through effective communication can resolve and control disputes.”
She declined to comment on the decision by the Indian government to withdraw clearances for senior Chinese journalists who were heading to New Delhi to attend a media exchange programme.

Cleaning of river Ganga will take 18 years: Centre tells SC45
4
New Delhi: After being rapped by the Supreme Court for its approach to clean Ganga, the Narendra Modi government has placed before it a blueprint of short, medium and long term measures that spread over 18 years and thousands of crore of investment to restore the glory of the holy river.
The NDA government submitted that it has identified 118 towns situated on bank of Ganga as a first target to achieve total sanitation including water waste treatment and solid waste management.
"It is respectfully submitted that in order to ensure rejuvenation of the Ganga, the action plan envisages phase wise timeline in terms of short term- a period of three years, medium term - a period of next five years and long term- a period of next ten years and more," the affidavit, filed in the Supreme Court, said.
The Centre submitted that it has identified 118 towns situated on bank of Ganga as a first target to achieve total sanitation.
#ganga #ganga cleaning #supreme court #narendra modi government
It said timeline for completion of ongoing projects has been prepared after consulting five Ganga basin states which are primarily responsible for implementation of projects for rejuvenation of the 2,500 km long Ganga.
"In the first stage, 118 towns have been tentatively identified for necessary interventions to achieve total sanitation targets including water waste treatment and solid waste management," it said, adding, "so far seven river front locations have been identified by Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation for development of Ghats at Kedarnath, Haridwar, Varanasi, Kanpur, Allahabad, Patna and Delhi".
As a medium term goal, it said 118 urban habitations on bank of river Ganga have been tentatively identified by Minitry of Urban Development for extending coverage of sewerage infrastructure at the estimated cost of Rs 51,000 crore and also to make 1,649 number of Gram Panchayat located on Ganga free from open defecation.
It said long term plan would emerge from the Ganga River Basin Management Plan being prepared by consortium of seven IITs for "restoring wholesomeness of river Ganga in terms of defining concept of ensuring Nirmal Dhara, Aviral Dhara and maintaining geological and ecological integrity of the river".
The affidavit was filed in compliance of the apex court which directed the government to place blueprint of its project to clean the river. The government said that people from various walks of life including NRIs will have to get involved with the project to make it successful.
Reminding the Modi government that cleaning of Ganga was on its pre-poll promise, the apex court had asked why urgent steps are not being taken on it and had asked it come up with a road map for making the river pollution free.
It had directed the Centre to come out with a "stage-wise plan" to clean the river for "restoring it to its pristine glory".
"After seeing your action plan, it seems Ganga will not be cleaned even after 200 years. Evaluate the dream project. You have to take steps to restore Ganga to its pristine glory.
"The dream project is there. Please try that the next generation is able to see the river in its original form. We don't know whether we will see it or not," the apex court had said.
It had said the "bureaucratic" approach in the action plan would not help in accomplishing Prime Minister's dream project of cleaning Ganga and asked the government to come out with "power point presentation" instead of giving vision plan and "artistic view".
102

Sharda Cropchem makes a strong debut on NSESharda Cropchem makes a strong debut on NSE
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 10:04 AM IST
Shares of Sharda Corpchem have listed at Rs 260, a 67% premium against its issue price of Rs 156 per share, on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
The Rs 350-crore initial public offering (IPO) of agrochemical company Sharda Cropchem was subscribed around 60 times.  The IPO subscribed 32 times in the qualified institutional investor category, 251 times in the high networth individual (HNI) category and nearly 6 times in the retail segment.
Sharda Cropchem is a crop protection chemical company engaged in the marketing and distribution of a wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally. It is also involved in order based procurement and supply of belts, general chemicals, dyes and dye intermediates.
 

Nifty struggles around 8 140; Sharda Corpchem dazzles on listingNifty struggles around 8,140; Sharda Corpchem dazzles on listing
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 10:00 AM IST
After a green start, the markets have slipped into the negative territory as weakness in frontliners like L&T, M&M, ITC and Tata Motors capped gains in IT heavyweights.
 
At 1000 hrs, the Sensex was down 34 points at 27,172 and the Nifty was down 13 points at 8,133.
Shares of Sharda Corpchem have listed at Rs 260, a 67% premium against its issue price of Rs 156 per share, on the National Stock Exchange. The Rs 350-crore initial public offering (IPO) of agrochemical company Sharda Cropchem was subscribed around 60 times.
______________________
(Updated at 1000 hrs)
Shrugging off weak global cues, markets have opened on a flat note with a positive bias on account of gains in IT heavyweights in opening trades. At 0920 hrs, the Sensex was up 20 points at 27,228 and the Nifty gained seven points to trade at 8,154.
However, there was some buying in the broader markets. The mid and smallcap index opened up with gains between 0.3-0.5%.
Among the sectoral indices, Capital Goods, Metal and FMCG were the only pockets to open in red, down 0.03-0.4%.
Defensives in the form of IT scrips were the top gainers with TCS, Infosys and Wipro leading early gains, up 0.6-1.5%.
ICICI Bank, Bajaj Auto, Maruti, Hindlaco and NTPC were the other top gainers with gains between 0.3-0.8%.
Pharma stocks gained after the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority withdrew guidelines for price control of 108 formulations, which was issued under para 19 of the Drug Prices Control Order (DPCO).
Glaxosmithkiline Pharmaceuticals and Torrent Pharma up 2-3% were the top movers in this space. Among the Sensex names, Dr Reddys gained 1% while Cipla and Sun Pharma were flat with a negative bias.
Among the major losers were M&M which lost nearly 1.5% after a foreign brokerage house downgraded the company.
L&T, Bharti Airtel, ONGC, Tata Steel and SBI down 0.5-1% were some of the other laggards.
The market breadth was positive on BSE. 1,053 stocks advanced while 644 stocks declined.
Global Markets
Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday while commodities won a break from recent selling pressure after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0.
The Shanghai Composite Index added 0.5% and the CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings bounced 0.6%.
US stocks closed lower on Monday, with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day decline since early August, as the latest housing data came in much weaker than expected, raising new concerns about the rate of growth in the economy.
Existing home sales fell 1.8% in August, far from the growth of 1% that had been expected.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.62%, to 17,173, the S&P 500 lost 0.8%, to 1,994 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 1.14%, to 4,528. The day marked the biggest one-day decline for the S&P since Aug. 5, and the biggest for the Nasdaq since July 31.

Modi likely to draw the largest crowd ever by a foreign leader inUSOn the eve of Modi's U.S. visit, tensions remain between the Washington and New Delhi over trade and spying. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | New York | Posted: September 23, 2014 10:02 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 12:09 pm
It is a rock ‘n’ roller’s dream to “sell out The Garden,” but for a foreign politician to pack New York City’s most famous sports and entertainment arena is another thing entirely.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi , on his first trip to New York as leader of the world’s most populous democracy, will draw perhaps the largest crowd ever by a foreign leader on U.S. soil when he takes the stage on Sunday in Madison Square Garden before a crowd forecast to total more than 18,000 people.
Thousands more are expected to pack New York’s Times Square to watch his address in Hindi on big screens as well as smaller viewing parties around the country and on TV in India.
The Indian diaspora hopes this visit by a leader who was until recently barred from the United States will signify India’s importance not only on these shores but in wider the world too.
The event is being emceed by prominent members of the Indian American community, Nina Davuluri, who has just relinquished her crown as Miss America 2014, and TV journalist Hari Sreenivasan.
“Indian citizens and diaspora over the world are hopeful that this (Modi) administration will cut bureaucracy and focus on people,” said Dr. Dinesh Patel, chief of arthroscopic surgery at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, who arrived in the United States more than 50 years ago.
Patel, who says he was given an award for work in education by Modi, a fellow Gujarati, added: “People are passionate to see the new leader. Another Narendra is coming to this country to let the USA know what India is about.”
The first Narendra was Swami Vivekananda, a 19th-century philosopher and monk who propagated the Hindu faith in the United States. Modi often cites a speech by Vivekananda, born Narendra Nath Datta, to the Parliament of Religions in Chicago in 1893, as a source of inspiration.
“Let us remember the words of Swami Vivekananda and dedicate ourselves to furthering the cause of unity, brotherhood and world peace,” Modi wrote Sept. 11 to his 6.5 million followers on Twitter.
India’s economy, the third largest in Asia, has struggled to recover from sub-par growth, shackled by layers of bureaucracy anathema to the diaspora. Modi’s general election triumph in May was driven in large part by his entrepreneurial mantra.
On the eve of his U.S. visit, tensions remain between the Washington and New Delhi over trade and spying.
The 64-year-old former chief minister of Gujarat was denied a U.S. visa in 2005 over sectarian rioting that killed more than 1,000 people, mainly Muslims, three years before. Modi, who denies continued…
The 64-year-old former chief minister of Gujarat was denied a U.S. visa in 2005 over sectarian rioting that killed more than 1,000 people.

Narendra Modi visit  a chance to progress on key Indo-USissues"Seizing the Modi Moment: Reenergising US-India Ties on the Eve of the Prime Minister's Visit", has offered a series of concrete recommendations. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 23, 2014 10:02 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 10:11 am
Underlining that Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit presents an opportunity for progress on key issues in Indo- US ties, a top American think tank has said the two countries must ensure that it is the beginning of “renewed attention” towards each other than a one-off attempt.
“Once the pomp and ceremony of the visit have passed, the two countries must ensure that it does not represent a one-off attempt but rather the beginning of renewed attention to a relationship that requires constant tending,” said Richard Fontaine, president of the Center for a New American Security.
Fontaine, in a new policy brief titled “Seizing the Modi Moment: Reenergising US-India Ties on the Eve of the Prime Minister’s Visit”, has offered a series of concrete recommendations including completing Bilateral Investment Treaty negotiations and jump-starting trade liberalisation talks.
He recommends complete implementation of the civil nuclear agreement, renew and expand the Defense Framework Agreement and deepen regional cooperation in the Indo-Pacific, including through dialogue on post-2016 Afghanistan and by reviving the US-India-Japan-Australia Quadrilateral Security Dialogue.
“Taking steps in these areas would represent movement on only the highest priority items; there remains a rich agenda that touches on energy cooperation, democracy promotion, education and other spheres,” Fontaine said.
“In moving forward, it will be critical for leaders in both countries to keep their bureaucracies focused on the long-term prize: significantly deepened strategic partnership. In the absence of such top-down direction, the two countries will once again find their agendas stalled by myriad tactical-level impediments,” he said.
“To this end, President Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi should each designate a high-level relationship ‘owner’ on each side who will help combat the perception that Washington has lost interest in India and that New Delhi is too inwardly focused to think ambitiously about its relationship with America,” Fontaine wrote.
“The US Vice President or a cabinet-level official could fulfill this function on the American side; the Prime Minister’s National Security Advisor might play such a role for India,” he suggested.
The visit of Modi to the United States represents an important opportunity to rejuvenate bilateral ties after a period of malaise and inattention.
By making sure that it is the beginning of renewed attention to bilateral ties, Fontaine said, “they can deepen the transformation of relations between two great powers, anchor an Asian balance of power, spur growth in both countries and smoothen the rise of the world’s largest democracy.”
“In a world awash with intractable challenges, this is a investment worth making,” he said.
They can deepen the transformation of relations between two great powers and smoothen the rise of the world's largest democracy.

Defense partnership and economic relations to remain top agendabilateral
(Defence and security partnership,…)
NEW DELHI: Defence and security partnership, energy including renewable energy relations and economic and investment ties and technology transfer will dominate Narendra Modi's maiden visit to the USA as Prime Minister that is widely expected to correct sentiments in the India-US relations that have been soured since 2011.
On his longest trip abroad since taking over as the PM, Modi leaves for USA on September 25-26 for nearly seven days during which he will give his maiden speech at UN General Assembly on September 27 in New York and then proceed to Washington for the summit meeting with President Barack Obama on September 30.
All eyes are set on that meeting when Modi is also expected to raise concerns over US Immigration Bill that will affect Indian IT industry if passed in the current form. The Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act (S 744) imposes new and onerous restrictions and higher fees on H-1B and L1 visa programmes on the international IT services sector and would create an uneven playing field.
Modi's visit is also expected to iron out bilateral differences over Intellectual Property Rights particularly in the pharmaceutical industry, official sources told ET. Big ticket items for the visit include expansion in the defence partnership to not only launch joint production of equipment but also sharing perspectives on West Asia and East and Southeast Asia, sources indicated.
Joint production and co-development that entails technology transfer is Modi's mantra to attain self-sufficiency in the defence sector in the long run. India has deep interests over energy security and its diaspora in West Asia where Arab Spring followed by radical ISIS movement has been destablising factors. Meanwhile, China's growing ambitions in East and Southeast Asia have been a matter of concern for both India and USA.
Among regional issues, situation in the Af-Pak region will dominate discussions, sources pointed out. India's energy demands are rising by the day and Modi will make efforts to source more energy from Washington including partnership in solar energy and importing LNG and shale gas. There willfolbe considerable focus on clean energy partnership, an official said. While Modi would seek transfer of high-technology from the USA, the Obama administration would be keen to hear from him an environment conducive for investments after the policy paralysis in India since 2011, sources indicated.
US is interested in the agriculture and food processing sectors including coldchains. Besides, interest is growing in USA about investments in industrial parks or zones, and water purification, water management and energy from waste as part of smart city projects in India. "The US administration and senators are looking forward to a visit that will energise the relationship and expect that Prime Minister Modi could give them a confidence to further expand and deepen ties," averred Robinder Sachdev, head of the India chapter of US India Political Action Committee, one of the influential India-American lobby groups said.
There are also indications US firm can invest in the Modi government's campaign to Clean India. Education, especially community colleges by USA in India could be one of the deliverables from the visit. Modi and Obama will also discuss India's nuclear liability law and ways to address concerns of US nuclear major Westinghouse.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Stock up as Pidilite acquires Blue Coat businessPidilite acquires adhesive business of Blue Coat; stock gains
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 10.03AM IST
Tags:
Insurability
("We believe the cost pressures…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Pidilite Industries moved higher in a weak market as the company board completed acquisition of the adhesive business of Blue Coat Private on a slump sale basis for Rs 263.57 crores.
J.P Morgan is 'Overweight' on the counter as it believes the company is well placed to deliver strong earnings growth over the next two years after the modest 8 per cent Y-o-Y growth in FY14.
"We believe the cost pressures in FY14 have eased meaningfully and margins will start looking up from 2H onwards," a recent J P Morgan report on the company said.
"Revenue growth trends have also been picking up at the margins and should further benefit from an improved macro and expected industrial revival. Improvement in international business could also aid performance," the report added.
J P Morgan has maintained OverWeight rating on the stock with price target of Rs 440 per share.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 403.50, up 2.54 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 407.70 and a low of Rs 400 in early trade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Down 100 Points  Nifty Near 8 110You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Flat; IT Stocks Gain
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 09:39 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty were steady in the early trade with IT stocks supporting the market while some profit-taking was seen in capital goods and FMCG stocks.
The Sensex was up 27 points to 27,234.46 while Nifty rose 8 points to 8,154.
Continuing its outperformance streak, the buying activity in broader markets was stronger, with BSE midcap and smallcap indices up 0.4 per cent and 0.5 per cent.
Among IT stocks, HCL Tech, TCS, Wipro, Tech Mahindra and Infosys were up between 0.7 per cent and 2 per cent. Among major Nifty losers, ONGC, JSPL, M&M, and DLF fell between 0.9 per cent and 3 per cent.
Mayuresh Joshi of Angel Broking expects the markets to remain rangebound in the near term. He recommends investors booking some profit in select FMCG and midcap counters that in which valuations remain stretched.
Elsewhere in other global markets, Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat today.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 09:38 (IST)

Prefer Torrent Pharma  Bharat Forge: Kunj Bansal08:00 am
Kunj Bansal of Centrum Wealth Management told CNBC-TV18, "If I were to talk of few specific investment opportunities again focusing on the midcap for the time being,  Torrent Pharma  is one investment opportunity which in the pharma space clearly looks good for investing at this point of time as well."
"Within auto ancillaries, lot of stocks have moved up but amongst the good investment opportunities even at this point of time Bharat Forge  still looks good. Banco Products  is another company which has also seen good movement but looks good even at the current point of time. So these are some of the investment opportunities," he said.
RELATED NEWS

TCS  Wipro  HCL Tech  Oracle to get astro support: GuptaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TCS, Wipro, HCL Tech, Oracle to get astro support: Gupta
According to Satish Gupta of astrostocktips.in, technology stocks like HCL Technologies, Tata Consultancy Services, Mindtree, Hexaware Technologies, Tech Mahindra, Oracle Financial Services Software and Wipro will be getting astrological support.
Post your opinion here
 
By Satish Gupta of astrostocktips.in:
Today’s planetary position: Moon and Jupiter will be transiting in Cancer, Venus in Leo. Ketu in Pisces. Lord Saturn in Libra. Mars in Scorpio. Lord Rahu, Sun & Mercury in Virgo. Pluto in Sagittarius. Neptune in Aquarius & Uranus in Pisces.
Rahu Kal Time: - 15:00 – 16:30
Following sectors will be getting astrological support:
Every year with commencement on new Samvat (Hindu New Year), astrologically, based on planetary position, certain new sectors start getting astrological support & outperform, while others remain laggard.
During last samavat 2070 among other sectors, pharma and IT sectors received strong astrological support & outperformed.
One should trade only in the stocks of that sectors which are getting very strong astrologically support, since the chances of losing money in such stocks are very less.
Sectors which get strong astro support are not normally affected by downfall in the market.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Sharda Cropchem lists shares in  B  group; stock up 58%Sharda Cropchem lists shares in  B  group; stock up 58%
Pidilite Inds gains after acquiring Bluecoat s adhesive bizPidilite Inds gains after acquiring Bluecoat s adhesive biz
Asia shares recovered losses as China flash PMI beats low expectationsAsia shares recovered losses as China flash PMI beats low expectations
NBCC rallies on Nomura upgradeNBCC rallies on Nomura upgrade
Buy L&T Finance with a target of Rs 74: Mitesh ThackerBuy L&T Finance with a target of Rs 74: Mitesh Thacker
Engineers India gains after securing consultancy contractEngineers India gains after securing consultancy contract
Miner BHP Billiton to cut 700 jobs in AustraliaMiner BHP Billiton to cut 700 jobs in Australia
Realty stocks under pressure  Delhi home rates to riserealty stocks under pressure  delhi home rates to rise
Intellectual Property Rights and India s competitivenessIntellectual Property Rights and India s competitiveness
Australian Dollar Strengthens After China Manufacturing...Australian Dollar Strengthens After China Manufacturing...
Cricketers & their kids5th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
5 hours ago
Kohli & Co. Get Down To Business
10 hours ago
Gary Kirsten - Determined batsman, astute coach
12 hours ago
Former South Africa opening batsman Gary Kirsten was born on 23 November 1967 in Cape Town. Though not the most attacking batsman, Kirsten had strong powers of concentration and skill as well determination, that made him one his country's best opening batsmen.
Pakistan vs New Zealand, 2nd Test
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 1:24 PM IST
4th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 5:31 PM IST
A Tale of Tons at the World Cup
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 12:59 PM IST
Of the 127 centuries scored in World Cups, just two were made in the 1979 edition, while 24 were plundered in the latest 2011 tournament. 22 hundreds have been scored by an Australian and 20 by an Indian across the nine editions.
World Cup: Highest individual scores
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 12:28 PM IST
In this installment of Counting Down to the World Cup we look at the evolution of the highest individual score, from Dennis Amiss' plod against India in 1975, to Gary Kirsten's opportunistic flagellation of the UAE in 1996.
These Men Have More Runs Than Anybody In International Cricket
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 3:31 PM IST
Presenting the 20,000-run club in international cricket—and the gentlemen who may enter it soon. [ALSO SEE: The Highest Run Scorers of All Time ]
Highest Totals at the World Cup
Wed 19 Nov, 2014 2:28 PM IST
That this list includes no items from the first three editions is clearly indicative of the trend of modern cricket that accords the bat, at least in the shorter formats, an iniquitous advantage over the ball. Smaller grounds, heavier willows, field restrictions and changed mindsets may have the purists … More » Highest Totals at the World Cup

Android emulates Apple on user access to phonesAndroid emulates Apple on user access to phones
IANS/EFE     San Francisco   Last Updated: September 20, 2014  | 22:21 IST
Google has announced that a new version of its operating system for mobile phones and Android tablets will prevent company access to devices without owner consent, similar to the measure taken by Apple for its new iOS system in iPhone and iPad.
The Washington Post and The Wall Street Journal on Thursday reported that the new Android would carry an encryption system to prevent the company, as well as potential thieves or the authorities, from unlocking mobile devices if they did not have the correct password.
The improvement in security prevents the company and the government from accessing information stored in user devices operating with Android, such as photographs, e-mails, contacts, call records, messages, written notes and multimedia content.
The measure taken by Google, similar to the one Apple announced Thursday, is part of an effort by the technology companies to respond to those accusing them of having collaborated too easily with the US government and the National Security Agency when they were asked for user data.
So far, phones and devices operating with Android offered this encryption feature only as an option so there were very few users who knew how to activate it.
In the new operating systems, to be marketed in October, the measure will become enabled by default.
With a share of more than 75 per cent of the global smartphone market, Android is the most widely used operating system worldwide.

India can rise again  I have a clear roadmap: PM Narendra ModiYou are here: Home > Collections
India can rise again, I have a clear roadmap, says Prime Minister Narendra Modi
OUR POLITICAL BUREAU Sep 21, 2014, 07.21PM IST
Tags:
China
(This is a country that once…)
NEW DELHI: India reposes faith in the entrepreneurial potential of its people and will "rise again", Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said.
"India does not need to become anything else. India must become only India. This is a country that once upon a time was called 'the golden bird'. We have fallen from where we were before. But now we have the chance to rise again," Modi said in an interview on CNN International.
Drawing a parallel between the economic growth stories of India and China, Modi said, "If you see the details of the last five or 10 centuries, you will see that India and China have grown at similar paces. Their contributions to global GDP have risen in parallel and fallen in parallel. Today's era once again belongs to Asia. India and China are both growing rapidly, together."
On whether India can achieve the 8% and 9% growth rates that China has done consistently, Modi said he has faith in the entrepreneurial nature of Indians.
Asked about China's movements in the South China Sea and East China Sea regions, Modi said, "We should have trust in China's understanding and have faith that it would accept global laws and will play its role in cooperating and moving forward." His remark comes just days after Chinese President Xi Jinping's India visit during which dialogue focused on boundary dispute between the neighbours.
Modi added if China is an example, then democratic countries provide another example. "They have also grown fast. You can't say that growth is not possible because of democracy."
In what is being widely seen as a comment on the United States' stance in the Ukraine crisis, Modi said, "In the world right now, a lot of people want to give advice. But look within them and they too have sinned in some way. Ultimately, India's view point is that efforts need to be made to sit together and talk."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Can any Indian company replicate Alibaba s successAlibaba
(While India ticks all the…)
NEW DELHI/BANGALORE: When an online commerce company set up by a former English teacher in China makes a stunning debut on the US bourses, questions are bound to arise as to whether an Indian player can replicate the success.
While success in entrepreneurship is largely due to individual brilliance — as is evident from Alibaba's and its founder Jack Ma's spectacular IPO last week — other factors, including investment climate and government regulations, do play a key part.
Hangzhou, China-based Alibaba's shares soared almost 40% in its first day of trading on New York Stock Exchange as investors fought over a piece of what is expected to be the largest IPO in history
While India ticks all the right boxes when it comes to demand and potential for growth, the jury is out if an Indian ecommerce player would be able to do what Alibaba did within the next few years.
Industry pundits point out that India's ecommerce sector is at a stage where China was in 2007, but a combination of factors — such as low Internet penetration, supply chain and logistics hurdles and an archaic regulatory regime — act as barriers. "One cannot have this scale if you don't think of going global.
I don't see any company in India working toward that right now," said Rachna Nath, leader of retail and consumer at PricewaterhouseCoopers India. "That is the need of the hour."
 
According to a recent report by investment bank Avendus Capital, India's online commerce sector, currently valued at $3.1 billion (Rs 18,800 crore), is expected to gross about $5 billion (Rs 30,500 crore) by end of the current year, and is projected to hit over $11.8 billion (Rs 71,800 crore) in sales by end of 2015.
Impressive, but still tiny compared with the $542 billion (Rs 33 lakh crore) that China's ecommerce, which contributes more than 3% to the country's GDP, is expected to touch by 2015. "It's unfair to expect that we will produce a company the size of Alibaba right away, given the difference in basic denominators, such as GDP and retail market size of the two countries," said Kunal Bahl, co-founder and chief executive of Snapdeal.
According to Bahl, the strategy is to build an ecommerce company for the Indian market, and not to ape existing business models. "If you went to China in 2007-08, you would be asking the same questions of them, as you're asking about India's ecommerce sector now," said Bahl.
"It's not common to see billion- dollar businesses growing 300- 400% year-on-year. It's an unusual thing. I don't think there's any other industry in India growing at that kind of pace."
Regulatory roadblocks, however, continue to be a cause for concern, with Amazon India's recent tax issues with the Karnataka government highlighting the dissonance between prevailing tax norms and the demands of growth.
"The Centre needs to address a whole gamut of tax-related issues for retail industry, not just ecommerce. Otherwise, the ecommerce firms will be at the mercy of local tax officials in different states," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak.
High cost of customer acquisition incurred by India's ecommerce companies, adding to already-significant burn rates, is also a cause for concern. The average aggregate cost of acquiring users is estimated at between Rs 500 and Rs 1,000.
"Establishing 'stickiness' is going to be an issue. There will always be margin pressure to keep prices low, given that customers tend to switch easily," said Ajay Relan, founder and managing partner of private equity firm CX Partners.
On a per-dollar basis, private equity investors earn more from their investments in China than in India.
Barriers notwithstanding, bigger ecommerce ventures in the country such as Bangalore-based Flipkart and Delhi-based Snapdeal, are building up technology platforms investing in infrastructure. "Reach is still limited. What is really desirable is the ability to deliver, manage logistics," said PwC's Nath.
In May, Snapdeal launched 40 fulfilment centres or warehouses across 15 cities, and said it plans on launching more over the next few months. Rival Flipkart runs about six such warehouses.
Both companies have crossed gross merchandise value (GMV), or value of goods sold on their website, of $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) in the past few months. This, however, pales in comparison to Alibaba, which reported GMV of $248 billion (Rs 15 lakh crore) for the previous fiscal, according to its draft red herring prospectus.
With the desktop revolution bypassing India, Snapdeal and Flipkart, along with their peers, are focusing on the mobile platform to drive deeper penetration in the country. India currently has a mobile subscriber base of over 900 million, one of the largest in the world.
"3G prices have been coming down and the growth of smartphones makes it very clear there will be a tsunami of new users going forward," pointed out Bahl.
Both Flipkart and Snapdeal see more than 50% of their overall orders coming from mobile. It's a strategy that has been accepted by global private equity and strategic investors, as they continue to pour money into the space. While Flipkart raised a massive $1 billion in financing in July, Snapdeal is also believed to have closed its latest funding round led by Alibaba and Japanese investor SoftBank.
Amazon chief Jeff Bezos has also committed $2 billion (Rs 12,000 crore) towards the e-tailer's Indian unit. "For Amazon, due to regulations in China, India is the only emerging market still open and it will never let go of that opportunity," said Rahul Khanna, MD at Canaan Partners, which has companies such as Naaptol and BharatMatrimony in its portfolio. "An Alibaba or not, we will see at least $5 billion companies from India in next 10 years."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cash-rich govt likely to loosen its purse stringsArun Jaitley
(The government has already…)
CAIRNS: After two years of massive spending cuts that knocked the wind out of an already slowing economy, the finance ministry is ready to give ministries their full budget and even reduce market borrowing if the current pace of growth can be maintained.
This could itself spark off a virtuous cycle of higher government spending contributing to revival after two years of growth that slumped to decadal lows of below-5%. The Indian economy expanded by a two-year high of 5.7% in the first quarter of the current fiscal.
"You cannot have three years of continuous expenditure cut," Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram told ET on the sidelines of the G20 finance ministers' meeting, indicating that the finance ministry may be willing to offer some room to ministries and departments on spending.
The government has already reduced first-half borrowing by Rs 16,000 crore and may not borrow this at all if things go according to plan.
"If growth maintains the pace and remains 5.6-5.7% in the second quarter as well, we may not need to (borrow the remaining Rs 16,000 crore in the first half)," Mayaram said, adding that it was too early to take a decision on this.
The Centre's second-half borrowing target is likely to be announced later this week and the government may stay with the one announced in the interim budget, or even top it up with the Rs 16,000 crore less it looks set to borrow in the first half to be on the safe side.
The government had budgeted to borrow Rs 3.68 trillion in the first half and Rs 2.32 trillion in the second half for a total of Rs 6 trillion according to the interim budget that the new government adopted in its final budget.
The Narendra Modi-led government could also look at retiring old debt to lower its interest outgo as part of fiscal management if ministries are unable to spend their allocation and there is a surplus.
This will also give the government room to clear Rs 12,000 crore in central sales tax (CST) dues owed to states, which could strongly boost prospects of their assent to goods & services tax ( GST ), which the Centre wants to implement as quickly as possible.
ET has reported that the government was confident about meeting its fiscal deficit target of 4.1% of GDP , about which there had been some concern when Finance Minister Arun Jaitley presented his maiden budget on July 10.
Ministries and departments were forced to cope with huge spending cuts in the past two financial years and some level of austerity before that as the government fought to keep the fiscal deficit in check in a desperate bid to avoid a ratings downgrade. As much as Rs 1 trillion of plan spending was cut in each of the two years as part of the fiscal consolidation drive.
However, expenditure will have to be rational and in a prudent manner, the finance secretary said, indicating that quality of spending will be a key focus of the new government.
A commission has already been set up to review government spending. All this will be contingent on revenue inflow, which is expected to see a pickup on the back of a revival in growth and also from stake sales in government companies.
If revenue flows surpass expectations, the government could also look at retiring some debt to bring down interest costs, which will have a positive effect on India's sovereign rating.
The government has budgeted for a growth rate of 16.9% in tax collections to Rs 13.6 trillion. In the first four months of the year, the government has collected only 15% of budgeted taxes but August numbers are much better. Indirect taxes, a key economic indicator, grew 9%, more than double rate in first four months.
The Reserve Bank of India has also transferred its entire surplus of Rs 52,679 crore to the government's kitty against the Rs 62,414 crore budgeted for the full year from public sector banks and the central bank as dividend and surplus. The Cabinet has cleared stake sales in ONGC, SAIL and Coal India that alone will help raise as much as the Rs 43,425 crore budgeted from the disinvestment of state-owned companies on the back of booming stock markets. Residual stake sales in Balco and Hindustan Zinc are also expected to fetch more than the budgeted Rs 15,000 crore. Subsidies that have been a huge challenge in the past few years are expected to remain in check this year with crude oil prices subdued and diesel price getting market-linked.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NRIs make bulk property purchases anticipating realty revivalAssocham
(Property markets in Bangalore, Ahmedabad and…)
MUMBAI | KOLKATA: Vinisha Khiara and her husband Gautam, hoteliers in the UAE, already own an apartment in their hometown Mumbai and are keen to invest in properties in India that would fetch them handsome return on investment (RoI) five years from now.
The enterprising couple, after some good research and bargaining, recently picked up three apartments in Bangalore. "Bulk investment offered us a good bargain along with one-time registration process and will also help in easy monitoring of properties going forward," says Vinisha. NRIs who have so far shown interest in buying properties in overseas markets, are now keen to invest in Indian real estate. They are making bulk purchases, getting decent discounts, and expecting good returns in anticipation of a revival in the market.
Property markets in Bangalore, Ahmedabad and outskirts of Mumbai, including Ambernath and Navi Mumbai , are generating good interest among buyers in the UAE, Singapore, the US and Canada .
Bulk buying is clearly helping both sides here as NRIs are getting discounts while developers, the much-needed liquidity. "For the buyer, a bulk purchase offers better discounts along with payment flexibility. Bulk buying or group purchase is always a welcome proposition for developers. Among the main reasons for that is the reduction in the cost of acquisition. Bulk buying helps increase turnover. More importantly, it helps timely execution of projects as cash flows are unhindered," says Jackbastian Nazareth, Group CEO at Puravankara Projects. "A depreciating rupee has also made properties in India cheaper for NRIs," he adds.
According to a recent Assocham survey, Indian property developers are anticipating a 35% rise in inquiries from NRIbased buyers against last year's about 18%.
"NRIs feel confident about the new government in India and are waiting for an investmentfriendly market in various fields," the study added. Sensing an opportunity of rising interest among NRIs to invest in Indian real estate, some developers have also set up exclusive sales offices in these regions.
"To tap the growing business opportunities from NRIs, we started an office in Dubai earlier this year. Given that our sales from the Dubai market alone have almost doubled, we are now looking at setting up offices in Singapore and Hong Kong in the next three months," says Gaurav Gupta, director of Omkar Realtors & Developers. The company has received 30 bookings from West Asia, mainly from Dubai in August alone.
With better sentiments, developers in markets like Bangalore, which is being seen as a most affordable one, have already started witnessing better sales from this segment. "Definitely yes, the interest from the NRI community is rising. Bookings by NRIs so far this year have already surpassed last year's number. Out of our total 82 bookings since April, around 25% have been from NRIs against 20% of last year's total sales," says Satish Shetty, head — Bangalore, Mittal Universal.
While there are NRIs who are buying properties in their respective hometowns due to emotional reasons, investors taking decisions based only on pure returns are also shifting their focus to India.
"With euphoria around the newly-elected Modi government , even hardcore NRI investors, who were so far investing in Central London and Manhattan, have started looking at Indian property markets," Gupta says. Despite the rupee's weakness against the US dollar , 2013 proved to be a lacklustre year for the realty sector, given that investor sentiment remained weak. However, post elections, the mood has turned optimistic, especially due to some announcements made by the government so far.
"This year (2014) has been significantly better and we are now close to achieving sales of 100,000 sq ft by December," says Shabeer Sait, executive head of operations at Irshads Property Matters that has major client base from overseas markets, mainly the UAE.
"With the announcement of 100 smart cities, hassle-free airports across tier-II cities to improve connectivity, etc., measures like these clearly show the government's intent on infrastructure push."
Among NRI investors, who are mostly the high-net worth types, professionals and industrialists, mid-segment projects are their favorites, while premium and high-end projects are being considered mostly for end-use, brokers say.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba s market capitalisation towers over India s top four cosYou are here: Home > Collections
Alibaba’s market capitalisation towers over India’s top four companies
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Sep 22, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba Group
(These four make up for 15%…)
The market capitalisation (m-cap) of the Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding, which made its stock market debut in the US on Friday, stood at $ 231.44 billion. This is equal to the total m-cap of India's top four companies —TCS, ONGC , Reliance & ITC — by market value. These four make up for 15% of India's market capitalisation. The total market capitalisaion of four top Indian companies is about $ 244 billion. This could be a reason why Indiaborn e-commerce companies may consider listing on the US bourses instead of India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Big boost for India on black money at G20 SummitBig boost for India on black money at G20
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Sep 22, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Australia
(The G20 also decided…)
CAIRNS, AUSTRALIA: India's attempt to unearth black money received a big boost, with the G20 on Sunday endorsing a far-reaching global initiative to stamp out tax evasion through automatic information exchange by 2017-2018 and resolving to coordinate to protect the tax base through cross-border arrangements.
"We are strongly committed to a global response to cross-border tax avoidance and evasion so that the tax system supports growthenhancing fiscal strategies and economic resilience," read the communique at the conclusion of atwo-day meeting of finance ministers and central bank governors belonging to the G20, a grouping of key nations that makes up 85% of the world's economy.
The G20 also sought a report on progress made by jurisdictions in relation to the exchange of information on request, which will be presented to the leaders of member countries at the Brisbane summit in November, a measure that will put pressure on offshore financial centres that facilitate tax evasion. It has also asked offshore financial centres to commit to the new norm well in time for the meeting. Finance ministers also resolved to take forward the OECD's latest Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) action plan by 2015, a move that will make it difficult for multinationals to shift profits from one jurisdiction to another to save taxes.
Multinationals with a presence in many countries that prefer to show larger profits in low-tax jurisdictions or operate through subsidiaries in such territories will now face pressure to clean up their structures.
The communique takes into account concerns that many countries such as India have expressed on defining the base in the case of a multinational— home countries, intermediary country where the holding company is located or the country where it derives its profits.
For example, in the case of an American MNC that derives its income largely from emerging economies, the US authorities will get the right to tax as it will be seen as based there. "The fact is the profits are in emerging markets. The base needs to be defined properly," India's finance secretary Arvind Mayaram said.
India has taken up the issue at the forum to ensure that its tax base is not eroded. The majority of MNCs that operate in India invest indirectly through favourable tax jurisdictions such as Mauritius or Singapore to lower their tax outgo.
The G20 also decided to implement strategies that would lift global growth by 1.8%, scaling it down from 2% proposed by Australia , the current chair . "We agreed to shift from government-led growth towards private sector-led growth, particularly from infrastructure investment," it said.
The G20 also resolved to create a Global Infrastructure Initiative to help boost investment through the sharing of best practices. "We need to be ambitious, we need to give people hope that tomorrow and the years beyond are going to be better than today. The agreement on measures to lift growth was 90% complete but by the time the G20 leaders meet in Brisbane in November there would be concrete outcomes. If the 1.8% growth rate is achieved, it would add $2 trillion to the world's economy within four years," Australian FM Joe Hockey said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ten point agenda to revive global economy from G20 SummitYou are here: Home > Collections > G20
Ten point agenda to revive global economy from G20
ET Bureau Sep 22, 2014, 04.16AM IST
Tags:
Brisbane
(G20 meeting of finance ministers…)
G20 meeting of finance ministers and central bank governors has chalked out a strong 10-point agenda to revive global economy, ensure exchange of information on tax matters and obtain orderly roll back of the monetary stimuluses by the big economies. These will be endorsed by G20 leadership in Brisbane in November. ET explains:
1. STRONGER GROWTH BUT DOWNSIDE RISK
Global economy faces weak demand and supply side constraints.
Donside risks, including in financial markets and from geopolitical risks.
2. LIFT GLOBAL GROWTH OVER 2% BY 2018
Set of measures identified, more to be added by the time of Brisbane summit.
G20 members will be held accountable for their deliverables.
3. ORDERLY ROLLBACK OF MONETARY STIMULUS
Clearly communicate monetary actions in a timely way.
Moniter build up of financial risks because of lose monetary policy.
4. GROWTH ENHANCING FISCAL POLICIES
Foscal policy to support economic growth and job creation.
Improve composition and quality of government expenditure to achieve this.
5. GLOBAL INFRASTRUCTURE FACILITY
Global infra initiative to increase quality investment, particularly in infrastructure.
Seek to implement multi-year infra agenda.
Provide a platform for tie-ups between development banks and private sector.
6. FOCUS ON TOO-BIG-TO-FAIL INSTITUTIONS
Plan for consistent implementation of Basel-III capital rules.
Too-big-to-fail institutions identified and stronger capital requirement rules to be announced at Brisbane.
7. FINANCIAL AND REGULATORY REFORMS
Remaining elements to be finalised and rolled out after 2014 FSB to report on implementation of reforms and their effect.
8. SHARING OF INFORMATION ON TAX EVASION
Elements of base erosion and profit Shifting action plan to be finalised by 2015.
Exchange information automatically between each other and with other countries by 2017 or end-2018.
9. IMF QUOTA REFORMS
Reitereated commitment to IMF quota and governance reform.
Urges the US to ratify the reforms agreed to in 2010 by year-end.
10. CONCERN OVER EBOLA
Concerned about the human cost of the Ebola epidemic.
Urges a coordinated global response.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sterlite s Google Fibre clone for speedy internetAirtel
(Under its build-to-demand…)
KOLKATA: Telecom engineers and fibre specialists at Vedanta Group company Sterlite Technologies are finalising the 'proof of concept' of a close variant of the 'Google Fibre' project to transform the urban home broadband experience in India's top 20 cities and, in turn, boost high-speed internet penetration.
But unlike the US search giant, which will directly take its ultrafast fibre-to-the-home (FTTH) drive across US cities, Sterlite will deliver super-fast fibre broadband connectivity at 20 to 50 Mbps speeds to urban homes through partner mobile operators.
"We will shortly showcase our FTTH broadband technology blueprint to Bharti Airtel and Tata Teleservices to line up the first wave of partnerships," Sterlite Technologies CEO Anand Agarwal told ET. The company is initially looking to hook up a million homes by 2016 across Mumbai, Delhi, Pune, Ahmedabad, Bangalore and Chennai.
"Sterlite's faster home broadband model has parallels with the Google Fibre project as the network and services to end consumers would be similar, but company roles will be different as we plan to work with telcos as catalyst-cumsystem integrators to create a pan-India urban broadband network, unlike Google, which will directly serve US consumers as an internet service provider," said Agarwal.
Its plan to partner with telcos comes at a time when mobile operators are increasingly focusing on data revenues to fuel future growth.
"A faster fibre broadband option along the lines of a 'Google Fibre' can be handy for incumbents Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India or Idea Cellular, which are known to be cherry picking lucrative data customers in urban zones in anticipation of intense competition from Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio Infocomm, which is reckoned to launch its 4G voice and data services by March next year," a Mumbaibased sector analyst said, requesting anonymity.
At present, Google's ultra-fast fibre internet service is reportedly available in Kansas City and Provo, Utah, and will be expanded soon to Austin, Texas. According to international news reports, Google plans to take its faster home broadband service to some 34 US cities shortly.
Elaborating on Sterlite's fibre broadband model, Agarwal said the company would deliver last mile broadband connectivity to an urban home by plugging its FTTH network to the nearest point of interconnect (PoI) of a partner mobile operator, which could be an exchange or base station.
Agarwal, however, agreed that Sterlite's FTTH network expansion would hinge on telco demand for using its fibre-to-home technology. "We will ink revenue-sharing pacts with telco partners only after jointly assessing whether a particular urban neighbourhood is ready for fibre," he said.
Under its build-to-demand approach, the company will extend last mile fibre optic internet connectivity to individual homes and residential high rises only after "it is assured of adequate demand for faster broadband services at the consumer end".
Incidentally, Sterlite Technologies is a key optic fibre cable supplier for the Rs 21,000-crore national optic fibre network (NOFN) project that will be take high-speed internet to 2.5 lakh village blocks across the country. It has also secured contracts to supply such cables for a mega telecom network that BSNL is building for the armed forces.
FEATURED ARTICLES

VMware keenly eyeing e-Governance programmes under e-KrantiIDC
(According to VMware, its…)
NEW DELHI: Virtualisation and cloud infrastructure solutions major VMware is keenly eyeing e-Governance programmes under e-Kranti that have been prioritised by the Narendra Modi-led NDA government.
The National e-Governance Programme (NeGP) aims at improving the delivery of government services to citizens and businesses.
"We are looking at the next wave of the National e-Governance Plan, also called e-Kranti, that clearly lays out the road map by the new government for e-Governance. VMware Managing Director Arun Parameswaran told PTI.
There are 10 or 12 projects that are being defined under e-Kranti in terms of what the government will do, he added.
"So our approach is to work with these customers and help them understand the power of what VMware brings to the table from a software defined data center standpoint," Parameswaran said.
Government had approved the National e-Governance Plan (NeGP), comprising of 27 mission mode projects and eight components, in May 2006.
The programme includes establishing State Data Centres (SDCs), State Wide Area Networks (SWAN), Common Services Centres (CSCs) among others.
VMware recently made a slew of announcements at VMworld 2014, its customer event in San Francisco that saw over 22,000 of its customers and partners attend.
VMware announced new virtualisation, cloud management and integrated OpenStack solutions that dramatically advance the implementation of a software-defined data center, and support the dynamic needs of global businesses.
NeGP has been formulated by the Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DEITy) and Department of Administrative Reforms and Public Grievances (DARPG).
"Indian customers and the government are extremely knowledgeable about technology today. They are consulting and getting advice from all sources and are making decisions that they think are right for their respective ministries, agencies, or departments," said Parameswaran.
According to VMware, its Software-Defined Data Center portfolio helps customers slash CAPEX by nearly 50 percent and improve IT productivity by 100 percent or more.
As per a VMware sponsored IDC study, the economic impact of server virtualisation is estimated to reach $3.89 billion in India by 2020.
These findings were revealed in the IDC Server Economies Index study that was sponsored by VMware to demonstrate the impact of server virtualisation in Asia-Pacific.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP leaders in Maha oppose alliance with Shiv SenaAlmost all BJP leaders in Maharashtra oppose alliance with Shiv Sena
OUR POLITICAL BUREAU Sep 22, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(The Gadkari camp believes…)
NEW DELHI: Most of the members in the Maharashtra core committee and senior BJP leaders are not in favour of an alliance with the Shiv Sena which may have a final bearing on whether the BJP wants to go it alone for the assembly polls.
From Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari to State BJP Chief Devendra Fadnavis many of these leaders are not in favour of an alliance with the Shiv Sena if the latter insists on not allocating it more seats. Leaders like Nitin Gadkari have an openly antagonistic relationship with the Sena and want to break the alliance. Sena has attacked Gadkari a number of times in its newspaper 'Saamna'.
The Gadkari camp believes that it could come to power if it ropes in smaller allies in the 'Mahayuti' and then enters into a 'strategic seat sharing' with MNS without actually entering into an alliance.
State BJP Chief Devendra Fadnavis wants an alliance but believes that the BJP should get at least 130 seats, if the Sena doesn't give that many seats then he too wants the Sena-BJP to break up.
Leader of opposition in Maharashtra- Eknath Khadse is also apparently not keen on an alliance.
BJP leader Vinod Tawde wants the Sena-BJP alliance to happen but wants the Sena to give mor seats to the BJP. BJP Maharashtra incharge OP Mathur is not happy with Sena's behavior and is not keen on the alliance.Late BJP leader Gopinath Munde's daughter Pankaja Munde is keen on a tie up and has asked the party to adopt a 'cautious approach'.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yahoo buys B lore startup Bookpad for Rs 50 croreBookpad
((From left) Bookpad founders…)
BANGALORE: Bangalore-based Bookpad has become the first Indian tech startup to be bought by Yahoo, going from creation to acquisition in just one year. The deal comes some eight months after Facebook snapped up Bangalore's Little Eye Labs.
The US internet giant, which is in line to reap about $9.5 billion (Rs 57,000 crore) from Alibaba's initial public offering, has bought the firm in a deal worth around Rs 50 crore ($ 8.3 million), according two people with direct knowledge of the development. Yahoo has so far bought over 100 companies. "The deal is done. The team will be moving to Silicon Valley soon," said a person directly familiar with the ongoing talks. "Large firms like Autodesk and Dropbox were also eyeing Bookpad."
Founded by IIT-Guwahati alumni Niketh Sabbineni, Aditya Bandi and Ashwik Reddy — friends in their early twenties — Bookpad is competing with large companies like Google and Crocodoc in document viewing.
The talks started in May when Sabbineni met Yahoo officials during the InnoTrek trip, organised by industry body Nasscom, to the Silicon Valley in the United States. "In fact, he (Sabbineni) even did not have a visa and he got it at last moment," said a person who is privy to the talks.
An email query sent to Yahoo remained unanswered while Bookpad founders declined to offer comment about any such deal.
In January, Bangalore-based Little Eye Labs became the first Indian firm to be bought by Facebook. Google India managing director and top angel investor Rajan Anandan referred the acquisition of firms like Bookpad and Little Eye Labs as a warm up exercise towards bigger deals.
"It is day one of the test match. The team has just stepped on the field and is warming up," said Anandan. "The game is about to start and it will be an explosively exciting game." Anandan said there are already billion dollar product companies like Zoho and InMobi. And India will create many more billion dollar product companies and hundreds will be in the $10 million (Rs60 crore) to $100 million (Rs600 crore) valuation range. Like Google Docs , Bookpad enables customers create and format text documents online and also collaborate with other people in real time. But what differentiates the firm from global competitors is that it allows enterprises to modify the product as per their needs and promote their brand. "It (Bookpad) is like a baby born to us. We have been nurturing them. They have technology, talent and traction," said Ravi Gururaj, chairman of the Nasscom Product Council, which mentored and incubated the fledgling venture through its 10,000 Startups initiative and startup warehouse facility.
"This acquisition validates that large companies are willing to do a deal, when the technology is useful for them," said Nasscom senior manager Ashok Madaravally who has closely worked with Bookpad team from beginning. Bookpad, which has a team of eight, earns revenue of around Rs1 crore per annum and is focused on the US market.
"Getting acquired by Yahoo puts Bangalore on the global startup map," said Karnataka state's secretary for information technology and biotechnology, Srivatsa Krishna. "We will do everything it takes to match Silicon Valley and become the world's favourite startup hub." Gururaj of Nasscom said Yahoo has a reputation of a voracious appetite for startups. "And now with Alibaba's cash warchest, we hope there are going to be more deals like Bookpad," said Gururaj.
Unlike a typical startup in India which has to face issues such as mentoring and funding, Bookpad's received nurturing from the beginning.
While working at technology firms Amazon and Symantec, Sabbineni and Bandi would spend five hours every alternate day at Cafe Coffee Day in Hyderabad building the prototype. Last year the founders quit their jobs to launch Bookpad with the money they had saved.
The firm shifted to Bangalore, after it got selected for the Startup Warehouse programme, a co-working space provided by Nasscom and Karnataka government . Bookpad was in the first batch of the startups in the warehouse.
Bookpad pivoted its business model by focusing on enterprises rather than consumers. It bagged customers ranging from e-Learning firms to cloud storage companies. Last October when Bookpad made a pitch at the Nasscom product conclave, the Microsoft Ventures director Ravi Narayan got impressed and selected them for the company's accelerator programme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Start-ups  global & Indian giants bet on renewable energy spaceAnil Ambani
(Fuelled by a supportive…)
In mid-2014, Banmali Agrawala, president and CEO of GE South Asia, journeyed from the steel and chrome of his office building in Gurgaon to a village in Maharashtra's Satara district, some seven hours south of Mumbai. This wasn't an opportunity for the $146-billion GE to scout for some new business in the hinterland; instead, Agrawala, a former Tata Power executive, was visiting the wind farms of Greenko, a renewable energy developer.
Since October 2011, when GE made a $50-million investment in Greenko, its wind energy capacity has increased from 65 MW to over 600 MW in 2014. Investors had flocked to the firm too, most recently in July this year when it raised $550 million in an overseas bond sale (the largest debt sale by a firm with low or sub-investment grade ratings). Greenko's order book is valued at over $1.4 billion.
Agrawala sees a spring in the step of renewable energy developers. "I think things have changed," he says. "Traditional energy sources have faced serious challenges for the past three or four years and this has pushed developers towards renewable energy." He contends that while
the earlier phase was driven by tax breaks, this round will be more focused on building long-term businesses. "Now, we have a more serious set of players...their emphasis is not on that one-off tax break, but on building power projects that will run for a long time and operate efficiently and profitably," he adds.
Rush of Players
GE and Greenko are hardly the only two firms eyeing the renewable energy opportunity. Across the country, a raft of companies ranging from global conglomerates such as GE to Indian giants such as the Tatas, Aditya Birla Group, Adani Group, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) and Mahindra Group are all rushing to make investments and expand their renewable energy pipeline.
While some conglomerates are vocal about their ambitions, two of them are flying under the radar. Mukesh Ambani, India's richest person and promoter of RIL, has only made occasional statements of his interest in renewable energy. "We will transit from [a] hydrocarbon presence which is coal, oil and natural gas into a fully renewable, sustainable future over the next many decades and solar really will be at the heart of it," Ambani said in a TV interview last year. RIL's Reliance Solar has been quietly working on building both upstream clean energy products such as home lighting systems and solar lanterns as well as products used in building renewable energy plants.
Another ambitious billionaire, Gautam Adani, who plans to build over 20,000 MW capacity in power by 2020, is also considering expanding in this space. After unveiling his first solar project in 2012, as the economy has picked up and renewable energy norms improved, Adani is interested in renewable projects across the country, a spokesperson said without providing further details.
Joining these conglomerates is a clutch of start-up renewable energy firms such as Greenko, ReNew Power and Azure Power that have announced plans to expand. Investors too are jumping into the fray, with marquee names such as IFC (a World Bank company), KKR and speciality investors such as Berkeley Energy willing to provide financing. Add to this power gear makers frantically looking to keep pace — one wind energy equipment manufacturer was swamped with over a hundred enquiries in August — and this is an industry with a new sense of purpose. The rush for renewables is perhaps most evident with the deluge of orders power gear companies like ABB, Bhel and Alstom are racing to fulfil. ABB is seeing a strong rise in demand for power electronics for wind turbine manufacturers and plant engineering solutions and substations for wind farms that connect the facility to the main grid. In May this year, the state-owned Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (Bhel) opened a Rs 3,000-crore solar fab unit in Maharashtra and in September commenced work on a 20-MW solar power plant in Odisha. French giant Alstom is a top provider of equipment for hydroelectric projects and is now looking to expand its presence.
  Supply Issues
There is little doubt that India needs the power generated by renewable energy projects. The country has a peak power deficit of some 5% and the conventional power units expected to fill the breach are months, if not years, behind schedule. Renewable power project developers don't have to worry about issues such as fuel linkages and price escalations and their projects take a few months to get operational. Add to this falling power prices (wind power is today cheaper or comparable, per unit, to the power spluttered out by diesel gensets, for example). With the government making a firm push to promote renewable power — tax rebates, focused schemes, and possibly fixed tariffs instead of competitive bidding for solar power — the excitement in the sector is only expected to grow.

TiEcon Delhi 2014 aims to attract happening themes & startups(For those tracking entrepreneurial…)
By Jyoti Pande Lavakare
For those tracking entrepreneurial activity for years, the most natural places to network and get a pulse of the industry are the TiEcons — possibly the largest professional conferences for entrepreneurs in the world, organized as region-specific and sector-specific events, crowned by one annual general event in the larger cities.
However, over the years, the conferences organised by The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE), a not-for-profit global network of entrepreneurs and professionals, had become a little boring — the same speakers, the same topics, the same poster boys, and mostly even the same locations. And really, how many times can one listen to yet another talk on funding, mentoring, pitching, revenue models and term sheets?
So when the emails for TiEcon Delhi 2014, an annual event scheduled this year for October 17-18 began popping into my inbox beginning last week, I glanced over them cursorily, expecting to see the same old names and similar-themed sessions. But to my pleasant surprise, not only were the speakers different — new, lesser-known names — but the themes were young and fresh. "The sessions are value-driven, not name-driven this time," said Upasana Sharma, director, TiE Delhi-NCR. Called "Abki Baar Disruption", the TiEcon Delhi is tagging some of the most happening entrepreneurial themes and startups.
Just one of the latter is an app called Handshake that entrepreneur Subinder Khurana will launch at TiEcon 2014, which promises to revolutionize the concept of networking.
App-solutely Brilliant
Once delegates register, they will get to download the free app that acts as a virtual handshake and will alert you to the immediate presence of people you're most likely to want to meet. This novel way of networking — using technology to advantage — will allow delegates to discover contacts present in their vicinity, within a radius of 100 metres, making networking more efficient and effective.
In addition to facilitating discovery, the app also provides a context to both parties. Says Khurana, who has a team of developers and business analysts working on implementing this: "Networking is the major reason for most people to attend events. The problem we are solving is: discover who is around, and get more context before you meet them." In addition, Handshake will seamlessly transfer business cards, without stripping them of their brand information. The app is almost ready and in the final stage of development and testing. It will be launched at the conference in a win-win formula where Khurana gets to test the beta version among an ideal audience and the entrepreneurs get to network in the most efficient manner possible.
"The app does not rely on GPS — though we will use GPS if available [global positioning system is a satellite-based navigation system]. Rather, it uses a proprietary discovery mechanism to find contacts currently present in the same building," says Khurana. It basically mines social networking sites like Linked-In, Facebook, Google Plus, aggregating data and adding location filters using a proprietary technique.
Once he is able to gauge the app's success, Khurana will spin off a new company under the same umbrella parent whose revenue model will be based on the app's in-app purchases. "Handshake will always be free to individual users. We will launch a premium (paid) version of it, with enhanced functionality later," Khurana says. Of course, the premium version will have higher functionality, such as enhanced branding support, analytics and reporting, and a corporate version, but then one has to pay for that. The possibilities of such an app are immense. Imagine you're at an airport, mandatorily ahead of time. The unproductive time between check in and take-off can now be productively utilized, if your app alerts you that the bored-looking gent sitting next to you waiting for his flight runs a venture capital fund or has the exact skills your company needs. And you don't need to approach him cold. The app will provide you with all the context publicly available on him before you even turn around and introduce yourself. If that isn't agile and innovative, (and a little spooky), then I don't know what is!
  Setting the Stage
Meantime, the event itself will resort to innovative plans — like that of a young founder getting a chance to be mentored on the move, literally. "Mentoring in Motion" gives young delegates the opportunity to pick up a charter member (i.e. a founding member) and accompany him to the TiEcon in a pre-booked cab, giving them the chance to make pitches and discuss ideas en route. By using unproductive commute time to the conference venue, this is mutually beneficial for both mentors and mentee.

Smartphone makers plan big ad splash for festival seasonYou are here: Home > Collections
Smartphone makers plan big ad splash for festival season
ET Bureau Sep 22, 2014, 10.59AM IST
Tags:
ad splash
(Brace for a smartphone advertising…)
KOLKATA: Brace for a smartphone advertising blitz this festive season as three companies plan to splurge at least Rs 300 crore on high-intensity publicity campaigns next month to entice Indian consumers into buying expensive devices such as Apple's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus and Samsung's Galaxy Alpha and Note 4.
Apple may spend at least Rs 100 crore on the launch of its new phones in India, while Samsung is likely to spend Rs 150 crore on promotions, according to four senior executives in the cellphone trade. Sony may spend Rs 50 crore on print, digital and retail campaigns for its flagship Xperia Z3.
Rivals will be making sure they don't go unnoticed as the economy shows signs of a turnaround and consumer confidence revives, so the final ad spend bill will likely exceed Rs 300 crore by a significant amount. For instance, HTC plans an advertisement campaign during Diwali, October 23, with new launches in the Desire series.
"Consumers are going to be spoilt for choice this Diwali and promotional offers like EMI schemes for these upcoming smartphones will boost consumer sentiment further," said Himanshu Chakrawarti, CEO at The Mobile Store, the country's largest cellphone retail chain and also the largest trade partner of Apple and Samsung in India.
70% Rise in Shipments
According to Counterpoint Research, smartphone shipments rose 70% in the January-August period to 51 million units from 30 million units in the same period last year, led by feature-rich models in the Rs 5,000-12,000 segment such as those made by Motorola and others.
This segment is expected to strengthen even further with the Xiaomi Redmi 1S and the Android One handsets hitting the market, all in the Rs 6,000-6,500 range. The trade is hoping the promotions will disrupt the trend to some extent as sales of premium handsets priced above Rs 30,000 have stagnated this year thanks to the lack of spectacular model launches, merely incremental feature upgrades in new devices and consumers being reluctant to spend due to economic constraints.
"The high-end smart phone segment will now get revived with striking new handset features and the brands too ready to bombard their advertisements and marketing campaigns," said Sanjay Karwa, CEO at Planet M Retail, which has 75 stores.
Interest in Pricey Handsets
Devices such as the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus and the Note 4 have revived interest in pricey handsets, as is evident from the uptick across the globe. Manufacturers and distributors in India have also started negotiations with retailers — both large-format chains and independent outlets — for exclusive display and merchandising space, and incentive schemes to push sales of these new models.
  HTC India country head Faisal Siddiqui said its new launches will be in the Rs 12,000 Rs 25,000 range — the second fastest growing segment after the entry level.
"We have just launched a Diwali dealer incentive scheme and will al so splurge on an advertising cam paign to build up the buzz around the new models to make the most of the festive mood," said Siddiqui, declining to share further details.
Over the next seven days, HTC and Sony will unveil their new smartphones to distributors, dealers, bloggers and the media.Samsung is likely to launch its Galaxy Alpha and Note 4 in succession a week before Apple starts selling its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, a trade executive said. Apple has indicated to its dealers that the new models will reach Indian stores just before Diwali.
There is no official India launch date on the Apple site currently, although this had been previously listed as September 26 and then October 17. Media has speculated the phone may be available in November.
Sony India declined comment. Emails to Samsung India and Apple did not elicit any response.The festive season alone is expected to push sales of smartphones by 20-25% in the next quarter, said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst, mobile devices, Counterpoint Technology Market Research.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NCP mulls post-poll tie-up with BJP in MaharashtraPrint
NEW DELHI: THE Congress, which is locked in tough bargaining with ally NCP for a seat-sharing arrangement in Maharashtra, is keenly watching the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance that has come under severe pressure over choosing a CM candidate for the October 15 Assembly polls.
The strain in the Sena-BJP over seat-sharing talks is more evident than in the Congress-NCP combine as the Sena is in no mood to give up its claim to the CM's post.
The BJP thinks otherwise.
According to sources, the Congress and the NCP, which have had a poll pact for the past 15 years, may opt to go solo in case the Sena-BJP alliance breaks down.
Sources said in case the Sena and BJP fight the Assembly polls separately, the Congress and the NCP may follow suit as both parties would get a chance to field candidates in all the 288 seats.
The move would help both parties activate their workers across Maharashtra and would improve the vote share even if they don't win the seats. "We can always come back together after the polls if there is a need," a Congress leader from Maharashtra said.
In anticipation, both the Congress and NCP have screened candidates for all the 288 seats in case they need to go their separate ways.
The Congress Central Election Committee met in Delhi on Saturday and discussed a substantial number of candidates.
The Congress is not prepared to give the NCP more than 124 seats. But the NCP, which contested 124 seats in 2004 and 114 in 2009, is asking for 144 seats.
A miffed NCP core committee will again discuss the issue of seat-sharing in Mumbai on Monday.
"We have accepted an alliance with the NCP for 15 years to keep communal forces out. We wish the same continues," Congress spokesperson Anant Gadgil told MAIL TODAY.
Reproduced From Mail Today  Copyright 2014.MTNPL. All rights reserved.
Recommend

MoM: ISRO successfully completes engine test firingMoM: ISRO successfully completes crucial engine test firing
MoM: ISRO successfully completes crucial engine test firing
Scientists and engineers from the ISRO monitor India's MOM at the ISRO Telemetry, Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC) which controls the orbiter in Bangalore.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: ISRO's Mars Orbiter or Mission (MoM) on Monday successfully completed the fourth trajectory correction manoeuvre and test fire of the main liquid engine on the spacecraft.
"Main Liquid Engine test firing on Mars orbiter spacecraft successful: We had perfect burn for 4 seconds as programmed. The trajectory has been corrected. Mars Orbiter Mission will now go ahead with the normal plan for Mars Orbit Insertion," said ISRO. "#MarsOrbiter Main Liquid Engine test firing successful!," tweeted ISRO.
This was one of the biggest tests of this complicated project. The test entailed switching on the engine that has been lying dormant for 10 months, and firing it for four seconds to slow down the spacecraft.
Now, the ISRO will fire the engine for a longer duration two days later and ease the spacecraft into an orbit around Mars. The 440N liquid engine was last fired on December 1 to slingshot the spacecraft from an Earth orbit to the Martian trajectory. The spacecraft authorization committee earlier this month decided to carry out the four-second test to ensure that the long duration of idling hasn't affected the engine that carries corrosive fuel.
#MarsOrbiter Main Liquid Engine test firing successful! pic.twitter.com/NDhL9vVWRs
— ISRO (@isro) September 22, 2014
India is set to make history, thanks to its maiden Mars Orbiter Mission! After being launched from ISRO's spaceport of Sriharikota on November 5 last year, the MOM had left Earth's orbit on December 1 and began its historic voyage to put India on the list of elite nations, which has sent a mission to Mars.
Cruising towards its historic rendezvous with the red planet, the MoM is scheduled for Orbit Insertion on September 24.
Earlier today, the MoM entered the Mars Gravitational Sphere of Influence. The Mars mission, as planned by ISRO, was a sophisticated exercise. Compared to other Mars missions, ISRO had a smaller rocket and payload. This reduced the cost significantly but increased the mission's complexity. Other Mars missions are not planned this way.
(With inputs from PTI)

Narendra Modi government mulls Ministry of Planetary AffairsYou are here: Home > Collections > Ministry
Indigenously built spacecraft will soon attempt to enter Mars orbit; government mulls Ministry of Planetary Affairs
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 22, 2014, 06.55AM IST
Tags:
department of personnel and training
(Indigenously built spacecraft…)
NEW DELHI: How about a 'Ministry of Planetary Affairs' manned by officers from the 'Solar Family Exploration Service' and departments handling missions to Moon, Mars, Venus and Saturn? This is what a rather imaginative Modi government had come up with to explain a new cadre review policy while an indigenously built Indian spacecraft will soon attempt to enter the orbit around Mars, the Red Planet, after a gruelling 680-million-km journey.
Many ministries have been left foxed as well as amused by a 'Model Cadre Review Proposal' circulated to them last week by the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT), whose charge is with PM Modi himself.
The draft has been made by the DoPT to facilitate the various cadres for the exercise and a 10-page long proforma has been sent across on September 12 on how to prepare the note for the Committee of Secretaries for the cadre review. DoPT has circulated the proposal marked 'Secret' for a non-existing and imagined 'Ministry of Planetary Affairs'.
The note cites a template to say the proposal under consideration is for the review of cadre of the 'Solar Family Exploration Service', calling it a Organised Group 'A' Service under the Ministry of Planetary Affairs. "The officers of this service are responsible for managing the material supply chains to provide procurement and logistic support for solar missions of Government of India ," the note says.
"Apart from postings in the main ministry, i.e., the Ministry of Planetary Affairs , the officers of the Solar Exploration Service are also posted in the field formations and some other important ministries/departments like PMO, Ministry of Science and Technology and Organisations like ISRO. The field offices are situated at Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata," the DoPT note mentions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi confident India will be  golden bird  againModi has high hopes from India
PM says nation doesn't need to emulate anyone.
Mail Today –  Mon 22 Sep, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: INDIA does not need to emulate the model of any other country on the path to economic development because democracy and the entrepreneurial spirit of its 1.25 billion people are capable of driving growth at a fast pace, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said.
"India does not need to become anything else. India must become only India. This is a country that once upon a time was called 'the golden bird'. We have fallen from where we were before. But now we have the chance to rise again," Modi said in an interview with CNN aired on Sunday.
"If you see the details of the last five or 10 centuries, you will see that India and China have grown at similar pace. Their contributions to global GDP have risen in parallel, and fallen in parallel. Today's era once again belongs to Asia. India and China are both growing rapidly, together. That is why India needs to remain India," he said, responding to a question about a perception among people that India will be the next China.
Modi made it clear that India would not compromise on its legacy of democracy to achieve faster economic growth. Asked specifically if he envied the power wielded by the Chinese government, Modi replied that a person like him may not have become the Prime Minister if there was no democracy.
"If China is one example, then democratic countries provide another example. They have also grown fast. You can't say that growth is not possible because of democracy. Democracy is our commitment. It is our great legacy, a legacy we simply cannot compromise," he said.
"If there were no democracy then someone like me, Modi, a child born in a poor family, how would he sit here? This is the strength of democracy." Modi said he had a roadmap to channel the "unlimited talent" of Indians.
"I have no doubt about our capabilities. I have a lot of faith in the entrepreneurial nature of our 1.25 billion people. There is a lot of capability," he said.
During the interview, his first since he became the PM, Modi indicated that he believed China would not allow its territorial disputes with countries like the Philippines and Vietnam to escalate. "Look at how it (China) has focused on economic development. It's hardly the sign of a country that wants to be isolated. It wants to stay connected. That is why we should have trust China's understanding and have faith that it would accept global laws and will play its role in cooperating and moving forward," he said.
Asked if he worried about China's behaviour towards its neighbours, Modi replied: "India is different. It is a country of 1.25 billion people. We can't run our country if we get worried about every small thing. At the same time, we can't close our eyes to problems."
Responding to a query on Russia's annexation of the Crimea, he said India's viewpoint is that "efforts need to be made to sit together and talk, and to resolve problems in an ongoing process".
On the issue of discrimination and violence against women, Modi said the dignity of women is a "collective responsibility" on which there could be no compromise.
"We have to revive the family culture in which a woman is respected and considered equal, her dignity encouraged. The main thing here is girl child education. By doing so, the possibility of empowerment will increase," he said.
Asked what he did in his spare time, Modi replied: "Look, I'm not the 'not- working' type. I derive pleasure from my work. Work gives me relaxation too. Every moment I am thinking of something new: making a new plan, new ways to work."
Reproduced From Mail Today Copyright 2014.MTNPL. All rights reserved.
Recommend

LIC Rules Out Taking MF Unit PublicSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), India's largest financial institution, has ruled out taking its mutual fund subsidiary LIC Nomura Mutual Fund public.
"We have no plans to list our mutual fund arm LIC Nomura MF, since the business has not grown the way we wanted. It is yet to be scaled up and I don't think, we can get a good valuation at the current level," LIC chairman Surya Kumar Roy told PTI in an interview in Mumbai on Monday.
LIC Mutual Fund was set up in April 1989 and LIC, the single largest domestic investor in the market managing assets over Rs 17 lakh crore, holds a 45 per cent stake in the venture.
In January 2011, it roped in Japanese financial powerhouse Nomura which holds a 35 per cent stake at present. The remaining 20 per cent stake in LIC's mutual fund business is held by LIC's home finance arm LIC Housing Finance.
Blaming the withdrawal of entry load for the poor state of the mutual fund industry, Mr Roy said that the domestic mutual fund industry was still in a "crisis".
"Unless you incentivise agents and brokers, there is no reason for them to sell a product. However, that is not happening now."
It may be noted that in August 2009, the then Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) Chairman C B Bhave had abolished entry loads for mutual funds agents.
Though the current Sebi Chairman, U K Sinha, partially incentivised mutual funds agents in July 2011 by allowing mutual fund houses to pay agents from their fund expenses, the ripple effect of the crisis due to abolition of entry loads, continues to haunt the mutual fund industry, he said.
"The biggest problem facing the mutual fund industry is that retail investors keep away. It is still a corporate-driven industry. Unless retail investors come into the market, you cannot really say there is real depth in the market," said Mr Roy, who took charge on July 1, 2013 for a five-year term.
He said the MF industry continues to grapple with challenges and is searching for a growth trigger.
He said LIC Nomura MF's assets under management have come down to a low of Rs 10,000 crore from a high of over Rs 70,000 crore in its heydays.
This is despite the record overall assets under management of the industry crossing Rs 10 lakh crore in May on the back of a stock market rally.
Asked whether the new government plans to take LIC itself public, Mr Roy said that he had no idea.
"Being LIC's owner, it is upto the government to decide at what level and how its ownership has to be maintained," he said.
LIC plans to invest more than Rs 3 lakh crore this fiscal year, mostly in government bonds, while Rs 55,000 crore would be invested in the equities market this fiscal, he said.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 22:15 (IST)

For first time in 7 years  fiscal deficit could fall under 4%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The company that made your iPhone is reluctantly bringing democracy to Chinese laborChina's Transition
September 23, 2014
In late June, a 25-year-old assembly line worker at Foxconn Technology Group’s largest factory, in Shenzhen, noticed a post on the Weixin account of the Foxconn Trade Union promoting upcoming elections for union representatives. The worker, who asked only to be identified by the surname Wang, had been reading about the law and workers’ rights over the past year and thought that if he won, he could help negotiate for things like higher wages, more time off, and longer bathroom breaks.
He signed up at the union office, prepared a speech, and waited for a phone call that never came. The election was over by the end of August. Wang didn’t run; he didn’t even vote.
“I asked this department and that department what was going on with the election, but no one knew. There was no form of participation. I didn’t participate at all,” Wang, a bookish high school graduate from central China, told Quartz in September. “In the end, they did not complete this democratic election at all.”
Tap image to zoom
“Are you ready to vote?”(Quartz)
In “Foxconn City”—another name for the 850-acre (344-hectare) campus  of factories, dormitories, grocery stores, banks, and cafes, with its own radio and television stations and fire brigade—China’s growing, and in many ways struggling, labor movement is on full display. Here, where over 200,000 factory workers build electronics like iPhones, iPads, Kindles, Microsoft Xbox consoles and other devices, the company is openly encouraging people to participate in trade unions and junior employees to stand for election. It’s an approach that more factories in China are taking to keep an  increasingly scarce , highly valuable manufacturing workforce happy.
But dig a little deeper, and the “workers’ rights” movement at Foxconn starts to look more like a facade. Quartz spoke to factory workers, labor organizers, and researchers about how Foxconn’s management and the Chinese government are trying to make workers happier. Foxconn declined to be interviewed for this article. Here is what we found.
The workers are gaining leverage
Chinese workers, no longer content to just send what little money they make back to their poorer hometowns, want more for themselves. They are demanding higher wages,  pensions they are owed , and protesting  factory closures .
 “This newer generation wants to earn enough to buy smart phones, computers, and a nice apartment”  Right now, they have more leverage to make demands. A labor shortage , rising awareness of workers’ rights and ways to protest, as well as pressure on local governments to alleviate a country-wide economic slowdown, have given workers possibly the most power they have had since the Chinese communist party swept into power 65 years ago on the back of a revolution that promised to make life better for China’s farmers and workers.
“Unlike the earlier generation of migrant workers who struggled just to survive, this newer generation wants to earn enough to buy smart phones, computers, and a nice apartment and give their children opportunities they did not have. They have a strong sense of self-worth and they demand respect,” Katie Quan, a labor specialist at the University of California at Berkeley, wrote last year  (pdf).
As a result, wildcat strikes (those not organized by a union) have surged in China over the past few years, hitting multinational firms from Foxconn to IBM, Honda, Cooper Tire and Rubber, Walmart, and Microsoft. Most recently, thousands of truck drivers in the eastern city of Ningbo went on strike, disrupting the world’s sixth busiest port. The first four months of this year saw at least 202 wildcat strikes, an increase of 31% from the same period last year, according to the Hong Kong-based non-profit China Labour Bulletin (CLB). Most of these strikes are in the manufacturing sector.
Tap image to zoom
Worker strikes in China so far this year.(China Labour Bulletin)
Chinese workers stage these strikes so often because they have few other ways to negotiate with their employers. Although collective bargaining has been legal since the 1990s, all unions are under the country’s state-controlled All-China Federation of Trade Unions (ACFTU)—the world’s largest trade union group in terms of members, 239 million  (link in Chinese). Usually stacked with employees hand-picked by management, these ACFTU unions’ main remit is to keep business going as usual, negotiating with factory owners and plant managers and often ignoring workers.
Share
Tap image to zoom
“The union in China is fundamentally different from unions in the West… The union has made it clear that its goal is to work with employers, not promote confrontation,” a Walmart  official explained  after Walmart, famously opposed to working with unions, agreed to allow organized labor groups at its Chinese operations in 2006. In 2010, a local union in Nanhai, in the southern Guangdong province, sent vans of “ strikebreakers ” who scuffled with employees on a 17-day strike at a Honda supplier.
That approach is slowly changing, at least in some places. As wildcat strikes have increased in number, they’ve also become more sophisticated and contagious. They can spread quickly from factory to regional industry, thanks to chatrooms, blogging, and text messages. This spring, protests caught on across a string of factories making Nike, Puma and other sports shoes in Dongguan, a manufacturing hub in Guangdong. Involving some  40,000 workers  and lasting for weeks, this was China’s largest strike since the country’s economic reforms and opening in the late 1970s and 1980s. Public sympathy and media attention have also made the authorities less quick to haul away workers.
As a result, local officials, companies like Foxconn, and even the ACFTU are looking for ways to negotiate with workers before strikes begin. Which was why Wang’s union decided to hold open elections.
Things are changing in Foxconn City…
Share
Tap image to zoom
Former workers’ permits are seen at a personnel department at the Foxconn factory in Longhua in Shenzhen, Guangdong province in 2012.(Reuters/Tyrone Siu)
Foxconn, the Taiwanese electronics manufacturer also known as Hon Hai Precision Industries, with more than a million workers in China, has become the face of the country’s sweatshop conditions after a  spate of suicides at its factories in 2010  first drew global attention to it. A report in 2012 by the Fair Labor Association (FLA), a global nonprofit, found that employees were being made to work an average of  over 60 hours a week  (the legal maximum was 49) for as little as 1,800 yuan (about $300) a month, in what critics describe as a prison-like environment, where everything from bathroom breaks to who can visit dormitories is strictly monitored.
Though  a follow-up report  last year by the FLA found conditions had improved, there are still problems. In August of this year, a 27-year-old man  was killed  (link in Chinese) during an argument with another worker, one of the plant’s safety inspectors. In July, a 22-year-old man  who worked at Foxconn’s plant in Shenzhen jumped from his seventh-floor housing complex, one of over  18 suicides  at Foxconn plants over the last two years.
In attempt to stem the tide of criticism, Foxconn has promised to start giving its employees more say  in the company’s union, established in 2007. Last year, the company said it would add more  junior employees  to the union and better inform workers about elections and the union in general. (Though Chinese law gives workers the right to elect trade union leaders, factories only have started to follow it over the past few years.) The FLA said that between January and May of last year, Foxconn increased the percentage of worker representatives in main union committees from none to 39%  at its Guanlun factory, also in Shenzhen, and to 41% from 10% at Longhua. As many as 70% of elected employee representatives were frontline workers, the company told Quartz last year.
…but change is slower than it seems
With the help of the FLA, the company also said it would begin training workers on how to vote  (paywall). But according to workers and local labor-rights researchers, there’s not quite as much progress as the company claims.
 “The union doesn’t do much more than organize sports games and matchmaking events.”  A 25-year old woman who works in the factory’s production line and goes by the name Zhen is on her day off, chatting with friends at a community center next door to Foxconn. Zhen, who started working at Foxconn at the age of 17 to help send her younger brother to school, says workers still don’t have much of a voice, and the union is little help. “The union doesn’t do much more than organize sports games and matchmaking events,” she told Quartz.
Like Wang, Zhen doesn’t have much faith in Foxconn’s promises about elections. “I didn’t vote, and I don’t know anyone that did.” Four other workers told Quartz the same, as did a local labor researcher who regularly speaks with Foxconn workers in Shenzhen and worked for a month undercover in Foxconn’s factory there in 2011—the year Foxconn’s last union elections were held.
These are more than just anecdotes. According to a study  (link in Chinese) last year of 685 workers at three Foxconn factories in Shenzhen and Wuhan by researchers from a consortium of Chinese and Hong Kong universities, only 45% of workers at the Longhua factory knew that as union members they would have the right to vote as well as stand as candidates for the union. The vast majority had never even heard of union elections, much less voted in one:
Share
Tap image to zoom
A blogger who claimed to be a Foxconn worker wrote on Sina  (link in Chinese) in July, “The result can only be that most workers won’t know about it. We’ve been deceived. The trade union election is ultimately a mere formality.” One of the workers interviewed by the Chinese and Hong Kong researchers last year said he believed the elections were more for the sake of Foxconn’s “marketing image.” According to a report  (link in Chinese) in the government-run Securities Journal last year, a Foxconn factory in Zhengzhou elected union team leaders by asking workers to stand next to a voting box while holding blank pieces of paper for a photo.
Union elections are spreading through China…
What’s happening at Foxconn is happening across the country, with varied results. After the string of protests this spring by workers at shoe factories across Dongguan, ACFTU’s trade union in Dongguan agreed to allow workers to elect representatives  to the union. In July, the Guangdong Federation of Trade Unions said it would make democratic trade-union elections  (link in Chinese) the norm across the province within five years. Factories in northern and central provinces  like Liaoning and Hubei , where labor activism has traditionally been weaker, have started to allow more direct elections too.
Share
Tap image to zoom
More than 1,000 IBM workers went on strike at a factory in Shenzhen in March over the terms of their factory’s transfer to Lenovo’s control.(Reuters/Alex Lee)
Elected union representatives have in some cases been able to negotiate better working conditions. One leader at a factory in Guangzhou told Quan last year that he negotiated an 18% wage increase  and a month’s worth of salary in bonuses, and workers threatened to boycott the factory cafeteria if it raised the price of lunch. The union also forced the factory to use newer commuter buses. Earlier this year, a cashier elected to head the trade union of a small, underperforming Walmart store in central China organized a blockade and a lawsuit against Walmart over its closure, one of the first times a branch of the ACFTU had gone up against a company.
In Guangzhou, more than 10 companies in the city’s special development zone have been holding elections for union leaders since 2010 as part of a pilot program launched after the strikes at Honda’s factory in Guangdong. According to Yang Tao, a researcher at Sun Yat Sen University, the candidates campaign for votes on platforms promising things like more time off, better cafeteria food, or car roofs in the parking lots. These elected union leaders have been better at negotiating for higher wages than their non-elected counterparts: the average salary of workers at these factories is around 4,000 yuan, well above the average for Guangdong province of around 2,000 yuan, according to Yang.
…but the unions are not yet that powerful
Tap image to zoom
Foxconn workers in Shenzhen.(Reuters/Bobby Yip)
Even genuine elections, however, don’t always lead to change. At Foxconn, an elected “small group leader”—a low-level union representative—is principally responsible, according to the Foxconn Trade Union’s ad , for organizing “activities to care about each other” and visit workers who have fallen sick.
Despite the Communist party’s roots in workers’ rights—the ACFTU was a platform for the party’s outreach in the early days of China’s communist revolution—some officials and businesses have been loathe to set up truly independent unions. “The party has a deep fear of independent worker organizations which would challenge its [rule],” Mingwei Liu, a professor at Rutger’s School of Management and Labor Relations, told Quartz.
 “The party has a deep fear of independent worker organizations which would challenge its [rule].”  After the 2010 strikes at Honda’s factory in Guangdong, provincial officials considered allowing collective bargaining and the election of employee negotiation teams at any factory in the province, if one-fifth of employees demanded it. But the proposal died because of opposition from businesses. Local officials have recently revived it, but are already meeting resistance from business groups in Hong Kong  (pdf) that work in Guangdong.
And part of the resistance to embracing real elections and power for the unions comes from workers themselves. A woman from Shaanxi province who works with Zhen at Foxconn says that older workers, who earn higher wages, don’t want to rock the boat. Zhen adds that new workers don’t have any knowledge of things like worker activism, and that high turnover means it’s hard for them to care about improving conditions at Foxconn.
All the same, change is definitely afoot
Share
Tap image to zoom
A letter-sized sign taped to a metal fence near Foxconn’s Longhua plant says, “The union should not be the bosses’ lapdog but should represent the workers at all times.”(China Labour Bulletin)
Although the elections may have patchy results, other things are happening too. NGOs are doing more to raise awareness—distributing pamphlets to workers on their contractual rights, or teaching them about examples of labor activism in other parts of the world. And local and national-level officials recognize the need to smooth over China’s industrial relations, with some calling for a greater role of labor unions .
He Gaochao, another professor at Sun Yat-Sen University in Guangzhou, told Quartz, “Some of the key leadership recognizes this is a better way to deal with the situation, otherwise what else do you do? Send the army to suppress them?” He studied 12 auto parts factories in Guangdong province last year and found that workers at factories with elected trade unions who engaged in collective bargaining were less likely to strike, and when strikes did occur they tended to last for just half a day, according to a draft of his study.
“Change is definite. The question is time,” Zhang Zhiru, a labor rights activist who was detained after helping striking workers in Dongguan, told Quartz.
Life in Foxconn City has gotten better in some ways and worse in others, workers say. Though the typical shift is still long, from 8am to 8pm, or 8pm to 8am for the night shift, workers now have a 10-minute break every two hours, as well as a two-hour break for lunch. On the other hand, Wang says, their salaries have not increased much and the work has gotten more intense: Quotas that used to be done by two or three, sometimes as much as four or five workers, are now meant to be completed by one person.
At the community center, Zhen and other workers are selling keychains and jewelry they’ve made and baking peanut butter cookies. She makes around 2,000 yuan, but has to pay at least 600 yuan to the company for housing and food. Still, Zhen, who has been learning more about workers’ rights and following news about strikes and protests by workers around China, is encouraged. “Awareness of worker rights is growing slowly. Slowly, things will change.”
Additional reporting by Ailin Tang.
Share this:

Asian shares pare declines on China s flash PMIAsian shares pare declines on China's flash PMI
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Sept 23:  
Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday, while commodities won a break from recent selling pressure after a reading on China’s massive factory sector outpaced the market’s bleak expectations.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5 from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0.
The market had been braced for something even worse, so the reaction was immediate with Chinese stocks moving into the black and the Australian dollar blipping higher. The Asian giant is Australia’s single biggest export market and investors often use the currency as a liquid proxy for China plays.
The Shanghai Composite Index added 0.5 per cent and the CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings bounced 0.6 per cent.
Australia’s main index rallied to be up 0.2 per cent, while MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan turned flat. Japanese markets were shut for a holiday.
Shares had begun badly after Wall Street took a dip overnight. The Dow had ended Monday down 0.62 per cent, while the S&P 500 lost 0.8 per cent and the Nasdaq 1.14 per cent.
The drop in the S&P was the biggest one-day decline since early August and was caused in part by a soft reading on US existing home sales which hit shares in building companies.
US dollar in demand
The soggy data gave a fillip to Treasuries, as did comments from New York Federal Reserve bank president William Dudley that there still excessive slack in the economy so any increase in rates should be done cautiously.
Dudley played down the importance of the various interest rate projections of Fed members released last week which some in the market had taken as a signal of a hawkish turn.
That helped yields on two-year paper ease back to 0.553 per cent and away from a top of 0.597 hit last week.
Yields on 10-year Treasury notes dipped to 2.56 per cent from 2.59 per cent late Friday.
Dudley also said the steady rise in the dollar could complicate the Fed's job, potentially hurting US economic performance and pushing down inflation.
The currency has been on a tear recently thanks to the diverging outlook for US rates and those in Europe and Japan, where policy is set to remain super-easy and might even be loosened further.
Measured against a basket of currencies the dollar had climbed for 10 weeks straight, the longest streak since the index was created in 1971.
On Tuesday, the dollar was taking a breather at 108.70 yen after peaking at a six-year high of 109.46 last week. The euro was hanging on at $1.2854 having been at its lowest since July last year at $1.2814.
The Australian dollar recouped a little of its recent losses on the China survey and nudged up to $0.8895.
Gold, brent crude
Likewise, gold inched higher to $1,217.60, having touched its lowest since January at $1,208.36 on Monday.
Brent crude oil for November delivery bounced 28 cents to 97.25 a barrel, having fallen sharply overnight to be uncomfortably close to its recent trough of $96.21. US crude rose 31 cents to $91.17 a barrel.
Ample supply and slowing economic growth in Europe and China had been outweighing expectations of a cut in oil output from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

L&T launches $200 mn FCCBsL&T launches $200 mn FCCBs
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
Larsen & Toubro said on Tuesday that it has launched and priced an accelerated offering of foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs).
The issue size is $200 million of face value $200,000 a bond carrying a coupon rate of 0.675 per cent payable semi-annually. The tenor of the bond will be five years and one day.
In a filing to the stock exchanges, L&T said the FCCBs are convertible into equity shares at the option of the bondholders. The initial conversion price would be Rs 1,916.50 a share.
L&T said an application will be made for the FCCBs to be listed on Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Ltd and for in-principle approval for the shares to be issued upon conversion of the FCCBs to be listed on the NSE and BSE.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Pidilite completes Bluecoat acquisitionWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Pole dancing being used for fitnessE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bharati Shipyard clarifies on wind asset saleBharati Shipyard clarifies on wind asset sale
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
Following clarification sought by the exchanges on report of sale of its wind power business for Rs 55 crore, Bharati Shipyard said that the company is under CDR (corporate debt restructuring) mechanism from 2012.
According to the CDR norms, State Bank of India, the lead bank, at the instruction of CDR banks, had decided to sell the non-core asset of Bharati Shipyard, which has been charged to lenders and in their possession to reduce the company’s liability.
To comply with the CDR requirements, State Bank of India and other lenders have formed an asset sale committee and bids were invited and the successful bidder, Ghatge Patil Industries, had purchased the windmill, Bharati Shipyard said.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Rupee weakens to 60.93 on dollar demandRupee trading weak at 60.97
PTI
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
Rupee ends tad weaker
The rupee declined the most among emerging market currencies on Tuesday to end at 60.95 against the dollar as global manufacturing surveys hurt domestic capital flows. The weak surveys raised growth concerns and shares on BSE-benchmark Sensex slumped over 430 points (down 1.6 per cent) to close at 26,775. In addition, month-end dollar demand from importers also hurt the rupee sentiments. The local unit opened 10 paise weaker at 60.92 as against Monday’s close of 60.82. The unit gained to 60.86 on mild capital inflows after which the global surveys led to heavy outflows dragging the rupee to 61 a dollar. Our Bureau
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Crude oil prices rise on upbeat Chinese data  Syria bombingCrude oil prices rise on upbeat Chinese data, Syria bombing
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Sept 23:  
Oil prices rose in Asia today in response to better-than-expected Chinese manufacturing data and after the United States said it had led bombing raids against jihadists in crude producer Syria, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude for November delivery rose 31 cents to $91.18, while Brent crude for November delivery also gained 33 cents to $97.30 in mid-morning trade.
China’s manufacturing PMI
Banking giant HSBC said early Tuesday that its flash purchasing managers index (PMI) for the Chinese manufacturing sector came in at 50.5 in September, from a final reading of 50.2 in August. A reading above 50 indicates growth and anything below points to contraction.
Analysts had expected the figure to dip to 50.0. The index tracks manufacturing activity in China’s factories and workshops and is a closely watched indicator of the health of the economy.
“What we are seeing with the Chinese PMI numbers is a strong rebound when analysts had actually priced in a possible contraction,” Desmond Chua, market analyst at CMC Markets in Singapore, said.
“The numbers released today bring about some sense of optimism as new orders and new exports in China saw marked improvement,” he added.
Market sentiment in China has been weighed by a string of weak data for August, including a five-year low for industrial output growth and a surprise drop in imports, which have put in peril the government’s target of 7.5 per cent annual economic expansion for this year.
Bombing raids
Chua said prices will also be lifted after the Pentagon late yesterday announced that the United States and its “partners” have launched bombing raids for the first time against Islamic State extremists in Syria.
Washington began air strikes against IS targets in Iraq on August 8.
The Islamic State (IS) group has overrun large swathes of Iraq and Syria and declared a “caliphate” in those areas.
The sweeping offensive began on June 9, preventing Baghdad from exporting oil via a pipeline to Turkey and by road to Jordan.
In Syria, a three-year civil war between the government and insurgents, including IS, has seen production diminish from 400,000 barrels a day in 2010 to around 25,000 barrels a day in January, according to the US Energy Information Administration.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

M&M dips after Credit Suisse downgrades the stockM&M dips after  Credit Suisse downgrades the stock
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 10:26 AM IST
Shares of M&M lost nearly 1.5% to Rs 1,355 on the BSE after Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "outperform" saying the company's valuations are no longer "attractive".
 
Meanwhile, SUV maker M&M witnessed pressure earlier during the month after Kotak Institutional Equities downgraded the stock.
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Limited is an Indian multinational automobile manufacturing corporation headquartered in Mumbai. It is one of the largest vehicle manufacturers by production in India and the largest seller of tractors across the world.
 
The stock opened at Rs 1,370 touched a high of Rs 1,372 and a low of Rs 1,348 on the BSE. A total of 25,013 shares changed hands on the BSE so far.

Sharda Cropchem surges 70% on debut | Sensex down a 100 pointsSharda Cropchem lists at 75% premium to issue price
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 10.37AM IST
Tags:
( It surged 75.64 per cent,…)
MUMBAI: Sharda Cropchem, a crop protection chemical company, is holding onto intraday gains after a bumper listing.
At 12:45 p.m; the stock was at Rs 232.15, up 48.81 per cent, on the NSE. It surged 75.64 per cent, from its issue price of Rs 156, to touch all-time high of Rs 274 earlier in the day.
Sharda is engaged in marketing and distribution of wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally. It sources formulations/active ingredients from third party (primarily, China) for onward sale.
"About two years back we were 100% export oriented company, so 100% revenue was coming from exports. Two years back we acquired a small marketing company in India that is contributing to about 3 per cent of our revenue. Balance 97 per cent is coming from the exports," said RBV Bubna, MD, Sharda Cropchem in an interview to ET Now.
According to analysts at Ashika Research, the company has a strong balance sheet with healthy return ratios. It has maintained a focus on capital efficiency and has a conservative debt policy. It has the ability to leverage the balance sheet to take advantage of a favourable business cycle or market opportunity.
"It has strong return on capital employed (RoCE) of 25 per cent and return on equity (RoE) of close to 20 per cent. The net working capital days have also improved over the last four years and at the end of FY2014 the net working capital days stood at 99 days as compared with 143 days in FY2010," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

National Buildings up 7% on Nomura upgradeNational Buildings surges over 7% after Nomura upgrades stocks
By Reuters | 23 Sep, 2014, 10.27AM IST
NBCC surges over 7% on Nomura upgrade
NBCC surges over 7% on Nomura upgrade
NBCC surged as much as 5.4 per cent to all-time high on Rs 744 on Tuesday after Nomura started with a "buy" rating and a target price of Rs 1,049. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
National Buildings Construction Corp (NBCC) surged over 7 per cent to all-time high on Tuesday after Nomura started with a "buy" rating and a target price of Rs 1,049.
At 10:24 a.m., the stock was up 7.29 per cent and was trading at Rs 757.80 on the BSE
The firm stated NBCC is "fast emerging as a strong play on large redevelopment opportunities".
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Chinas factory activity edges up on stronger orders but employment shrinksChina’s factory activity edges up on stronger orders but employment shrinks
Reuters
Tweet
Beijing, Sept 23:  
Activity in China’s manufacturing sector unexpectedly picked up in September even as factory employment slumped to a 5-1/2-year low, a survey showed on Tuesday, a potential source of worry for Communist leaders who prize social stability above all else.
The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August’s final reading of 50.2.
Economists polled by Reuters had expected factory growth to stall at 50, the level which separates expansion in activity from contraction, citing a further deterioration in business confidence and the rapidly cooling property market.
But a measure of employment shed more than a point to drop to 46.9, its lowest since February 2009 during the global financial crisis, when a collapse in exports threw tens of millions of Chinese out of work.
A hefty drop in employment could raise alarm bells for the Chinese Government, which has indicated it will tolerate slower economic growth as long as employment is not affected.
“The picture is mixed, with new orders and new export orders registering some improvement. Meanwhile, the employment index declined further and disinflationary pressure intensified,’’ said Qu Hongbin, an economist at HSBC.
Finance Minister Lou Jiwei said at the week-end that he would not dramatically alter policy because of any one economic indicator, cooling any speculation of swift, aggressive action, but like many economists Qu said he continues to expect China will further relax its monetary policy over time.
Most Asian stock markets and the Australian dollar clawed back some of their early losses after the PMI report, while Shanghai stocks rose.
Despite a raft of stimulus measures earlier this year, the world’s second-largest economy has stumbled as a slowdown in the housing market further undermined already softening domestic demand, while exports have faltered.
Worries that China was slipping into a deeper funk heightened this month when data showed factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August as growth in other key sectors also cooled.
China’s urban unemployment rate was nearly 4.1 per cent at the end of June, though many economists believe the real number may be much higher given its army of migrant workers.
But the employment index aside, other measures in the PMI poll fared better, which could keep Beijing’s response more modest for now.
Total new orders rose, and new export orders also climbed to their highest level since March 2010.
The overall output level remained flat on the month, while output prices fell to a six-month low.
The final HSBC/Markit manufacturing PMI for the month is due on September 30, while the official reading will be released on October 1. The HSBC surveys covers more small to medium-sized companies, which are believed to be under far more stress than larger, state-owned firms which the official report tends to focus on.
The run of weak data has fed speculation that authorities may further loosen fiscal and monetary policies to shore up growth. The property slowdown, in particular, is expected to persist well into next year and continue weighing on demand for everything from household appliances to glass, cement and steel.
Prices for Chinese steel and iron ore futures have slumped to record lows, while oil, copper, rubber and other raw materials have also skidded on fears of slowing China demand, which is rapidly leaving the United States as the only major driver of world economic growth.
But Chinese leaders have publicly ruled out another massive stimulus programme like the one launched during the global financial crisis, which left local governments saddled with mountains of debt, encouraged excess capacity in some industries and fuelled inflationary pressures.
Instead, Beijing has rolled out a series of more modest steps targeted at supporting more vulnerable sectors of the economy, while many local governments have eased curbs on property purchases in the face of sliding home prices and a sharp drop in new construction.
Premier Li Keqiang said earlier this month that China cannot rely on easy credit to fuel its economic growth, and said the country would only tweak policy in certain areas to aid activity.
Further measures are already being rolled out even as leaders publicly advise caution.
The central bank last week injected money into the country’s top banks in a bid to help support the economy by keeping borrowing costs down, and media have reported this week that the “Big Four banks’’ plan to ease rules on mortgage lending in a move orchestrated by regulators.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Sanofi India surges as NPPA withdraws price control guidelinesSanofi India surges as govt withdraws NPPA's power on pricing of non-essential drugs
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 10:55 AM IST
Sanofi India has surged 12% to Rs 3,350 on National Stock Exchange after the government withdrew National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority's power that permitted it to fix prices of non-essential drugs.
The Department of Pharmaceuticals has withdrawn guidelines issued on May 29 that gave the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) the powers to fix the prices of drugs that are not on the essential medicines list, the latter said in a notice late on Monday.
Ms. Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP Research - Pharma, Angel Broking says Sanofi India would have the biggest positive impact with around Rs 139 crore gains in sales.
Zydus Cadila (~Rs  40 crore gain), Ranbaxy (~Rs 38 crore gain), Cipla (~Rs 19 crore gain), Lupin (~Rs  32 crore gain) , Dr Reddy’s Laboratories (~Rs  14 crore gain in sales) and Sun Pharma (~Rs 25 crore) gain in sales), on the basis of AIOCD AWACS, Ms. Nangra says.
It may be recalled that the NPPA had capped prices of 108 cardiac and diabetes drugs on July 10, 2014.
Sanofi India focuses its activities on seven major therapeutic areas, namely – Cardiovascular diseases, Metabolic Disorders, Thrombosis, Oncology, Central Nervous System disorders, Internal Medicine and Vaccines.
The stock opened at Rs 3,130 and touched a high of Rs 3,420 on NSE. A combined 43,664 shares changed hands on the counter so far on NSE and BSE.
 

India to be second largest smartphone market by 2019: StudyIndia to be second largest smartphone market by 2019: Study
IANS     New York   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 11:51 IST
Photo: Reuters
India is poised to surpass the United States to become the second largest smartphone market by 2019, according to a latest report by Boston-based global market research firm Strategy Analytics.
Beating the slowdown trends, global smartphone sales will grow 13 per cent in 2015, it added.
" China and the US will remain the largest smartphone sales countries by 2014, making up 43 per cent of global volumes," the report said.
The world's top 20 countries will account for 80 per cent of the global smartphone volumes in 2015, up from 75 per cent in 2007. Asia Pacific will continue to drive growth, accounting for 54 per cent of the global volumes in 2015.
Central Latin America and Africa Middle East will see strong smartphone growth by 2020 and will play the role of a new growth engine for global market, it said.
 

Nasa keen on sharing MAVEN data for Mangalya...Nasa says keen on sharing MAVEN data with India's Mangalyaan probe
By Agencies | 23 Sep, 2014, 11.51AM IST
The data from MAVEN spacecraft aims to help scientists understand what happened to the water on Mars and the carbon dioxide in its atmosphere.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Nasa's MAVEN spacecraft began orbiting Mars on Sunday, on a mission to study how the Red Planet's climate changed over time from warm and wet to cold and dry. The unmanned e orbiter has traveled more than 10 months and 442 million miles (711 million kilometers) to reach Mars for a first-of-its kind look at the planet's upper atmosphere. "Wow, what a night.
You get one shot with Mars orbit insertion and MAVEN nailed it tonight," said project manager David Mitchell. The data from the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN) spacecraft aims to help scientists understand what happened to the water on Mars and the carbon dioxide in its atmosphere several billion years ago.How Mars lost its atmosphere is one of science's biggest sphere is one of science's biggest mysteries. The answers could shed light on the planet's potential to support life -even if that was just microbial life -long ago.
MAVEN's findings are also expected to help add to knowledge of how humans could survive on a future visit to the Red Planet, perhaps as early as 2030."Mars is a cool place , but there is not much atmosphere," said John Clarke of the MAVEN science team."It is very cold, it is well below zero.The atmosphere is about half a percent of what we are breathing," he added. "But we know that Mars could change and it was probably different in the past. There is a lot of evidence of flowing water on the surface from Mars' ancient history."
Next, MAVEN will enter a six-week phase for tests. It will then begin a one-year mission of studying the gases in Mars' upper atmosphere."We are looking at early November as the official start of science," said MAVEN principal investigator Bruce Jakosky.
Much of MAVEN's year-long mission will be spent circling the planet 3,730 miles above the surface. An Indian spacecraft, Mangalyaan, is expected to reach Mars."We are anxiously awaiting the arrival in two days of Mangalyaanand we are hoping for their success," said Jakosky."We are sending them the best wishes from the entire MAVEN team ."

Maharashtra Poll: Cong prepared fight polls alonealliance
(Maharashtra Poll: Congress…)
NEW DELHI: Unlike in the past, the Congress leadership is not making frantic efforts to save its Maharashtra alliance with the Sharad Pawar-led NCP. The Congress assessment shows the 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance may have run its course and another joint electoral outing may not fetch over 70 seats in view of the accumulated incumbency burden.
Further, as the Congress thinks Pawar's final decision on the alliance will mainly be dictated by the future of the BJP-Sena front, the AICC, too, has decided to wait for events in the saffron camp to play out first, leaving CM Prithviraj Chavan and PCC chief Manikrao Thackeray to keep the formalities of "keeping NCP leaders engaged" in Mumbai "We are optimistic of our alliance (with NCP) continuing.
At the same time, we are also fully prepared to fighting on our own," said AICC spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi at a press conference. The AICC screening committee and the party's central election committee held meetings on Monday where the prons and cons of contesting with and without an alliance with NCP were discussed and an outline of two candidates lists for respective scenarios were also discussed. "Only a last-minute BJP-Sena patch-up will close NCP options, prompting them to start negotiations with us," said a senior Congress leader.
The AICC's decision not to yield to the NCP demand for 144 seats is mainly for two reason: The Congress thinks if NCP mangers to increase its MLA tally, it could only bolster its potential for post-poll bargaining with the BJP. Secondly, with Congress-NCP alliance projected to lose, the Congress thinks the NCP is keen to establish postpoll arrangement with the BJP.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty Struggle; IT Stocks ShineYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Flat; IT Stocks Gain
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 09:39 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty were steady in the early trade with IT stocks supporting the market while some profit-taking was seen in capital goods and FMCG stocks.
The Sensex was up 27 points to 27,234.46 while Nifty rose 8 points to 8,154.
Continuing its outperformance streak, the buying activity in broader markets was stronger, with BSE midcap and smallcap indices up 0.4 per cent and 0.5 per cent.
Among IT stocks, HCL Tech, TCS, Wipro, Tech Mahindra and Infosys were up between 0.7 per cent and 2 per cent. Among major Nifty losers, ONGC, JSPL, M&M, and DLF fell between 0.9 per cent and 3 per cent.
Mayuresh Joshi of Angel Broking expects the markets to remain rangebound in the near term. He recommends investors booking some profit in select FMCG and midcap counters that in which valuations remain stretched.
Elsewhere in other global markets, Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat today.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 09:38 (IST)

Overweight on India  Thailand: Credit SuisseLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Overweight on India, Thailand: Credit Suisse
"While we are overweight on both India and Thailand, we do highlight that the market which is still under-owned by foreign investors is Thailand,” says Sakthi Siva, Credit Suisse.
Post your opinion here
 
Sakthi Siva, Credit Suisse says so far in September, foreign investors are only buying India and Thailand. “Despite three consecutive months of net foreign buying in Thailand, year-to-date (YTD), foreign investors are still net sellers of Thailand,” she adds.
“While we are overweight on both India and Thailand, we do highlight that the market which is still under-owned by foreign investors is Thailand,” says Siva.
Also read: Indices can fall max 4%; opportunity in cement: Centrum
Mahesh Nandurkar, CLSA says the 22 Indian companies that participated in the CLSA Hong Kong forum talked about some initial signs of economic improvement and expectations of a strong demand growth in the upcoming festive season.
“Though banks highlighted that the credit pick-up is not visible yet. GEM investors appeared concerned on valuations but the rising interest from global mandates should aid the FII flows. Stay constructive on domestic cyclicals,” he adds.
RELATED NEWS

Kushal Tradelink: Board meeting on Sept 30  2014Sep 23, 2014, 11.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kushal Tradelink: Board meeting on Sept 30, 2014
Kushal Tradelink has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014, to transact the following business: 1. To reconstitute Audit Committee as per Companies act 2013. 2. To reconstitute Remuneration Committee as Nomination and Remuneration Committee as per Companies act 2013.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kushal Tradelink: Board meeting on Sept 30, 2014
Kushal Tradelink has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014, to transact the following business: 1. To reconstitute Audit Committee as per Companies act 2013. 2. To reconstitute Remuneration Committee as Nomination and Remuneration Committee as per Companies act 2013.
Post your opinion here
 
Kushal Tradelink Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014, to transact the following business:1. To reconstitute Audit Committee as per Companies act 2013.2. To reconstitute Remuneration Committee as Nomination and Remuneration Committee as per Companies act 2013.3. To adopt revised Code of Conduct.4. To Adopt CSR Policy as per Companies act 2013.5. To adopt vigil mechanism policy as per Companies act 2013.Source : BSE

Cardamom futures gains 0.80 pc on firm demandCardamom futures gains 0.80 pc on firm demand
iPhone 6 first weekend beats last year s iPhone 5 sales  sets recordHi Guest
Apple iPhone 6 a big hit; record 10 millions units sold in opening weekend
New Delhi: Apple has sold more than 10 million shiny new iPhones 6 and 6 Plus in the first weekend of sales, the company announced on Monday.   The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus went on sale in retail stores a week later on ...

Buy Indiabulls Housing Finance with a target of Rs 445: Ashwani GujralBuy Indiabulls Housing Finance with a target of Rs 445: Ashwani Gujral
US markets closed lower; economic data concern weighUS markets closed lower; economic data concern weigh
US body upbeat on Modi s US visit  expect trade to strengthenHi Guest
US body upbeat on Modi's US visit, expect trade to strengthen
The visit of Modi to the United States represents an important opportunity to rejuvenate bilateral ties after a period of malaise and inattention.    Underlining that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit presents an opportunity for progress on key issues in Indo-US ties, a top American think tank has said the two countries must ensure that it is the beginning of "renewed attention" towards each other than a one-off attempt. "Once the pomp and ceremony of the visit have passed, the ...

J B Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals allots equity sharesJ B Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals allots equity shares
Buy Delta Corp Ltd with a target of Rs 110: Mitesh ThackerBuy Delta Corp Ltd with a target of Rs 110: Mitesh Thacker
Lupin  Serono to sign $1.5 bn pactSave this video
Copy URL
According to sources, Lupin and Merck Serono will sign pact for drugs worth $1.5 billion. The deal will include manufacturing and marketing of drugs by Lupin in emerging markets and rest of the world while Serono will retain the marketing rights of the drugs in developed nations.
17

Banks to be careful about Jan Dhan Yojana: RBIregulatory policy and organisation
The Reserve Bank on Friday warned the banks to be more careful while opening accounts under the Jan-Dhan Yojana, saying that a single individual could open multiple accounts in the lure of Rs 1 lakh insurance cover.
“There are some caveats when the banks are implementing the financial inclusion scheme under the recently launched Jan-Dhan programme,” RBI Executive Director P Vijay Bhaskar said at a CII seminar in Kolkata on Friday.
He said people could open accounts in different banks using different identity documents like PAN card, Aadhar among others in the lure of getting insurance cover of Rs 1 lakh from all the banks.
The banks should have a single information sharing system by which this possible misuse could be stopped. Another possible threat was ‘smurfing’, the RBI official said.
In this case, hawala operators would spilt the whole amount into several small units beyond the threshold using several bank accounts and send money overseas.
The last was ‘money mules’ by which an individual would operate through another person’s bank account.
Talking about the north-eastern region, he said the SLBCs and the SLCCs should take steps to improve the credit-deposit ratio of the region as the CD ratio was much lower than the national average.
Earlier this week, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had cautioned banks on the risks involved in just hunting for numbers with regards to Jan Dhan scheme, asking them not to compromise on core objectives of the programme.
“When we roll out the scheme, we have to make sure it does not go off the track. The target is universality, not just speed and numbers,” Dr Rajan had said.
The scheme can be a “waste” if it leads to duplication of accounts, if no transaction happens on the new accounts and if the new users get bad experiences, he had added.

Its a clear signal to sellTweet
The upward movement in dollar and end of the quantitative easing are negative for gold
With the Federal Reserve cutting down stimulus by another $10 billion and taking a more hawkish stance on interest rates this time, gold price moved sharply lower last week. It dropped to $1,215.7/ounce, down 1 per cent.
Despite the Fed’s statement that interest rates may continue to be near zero for a considerable time, the fact that more officials projected a rate hike by next year saw the precious metals lose sheen.
Silver and even platinum prices took a knock. Silver closed at $17.8, down 4 per cent. Platinum ended at $1,336, down 2.5 per cent.
The US SPDR Gold Trust, the largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund in the world, saw holdings drop to 784.2 tonnes from 788.4 tonnes in the previous week.
Data on Monday showed that the industrial production in the US in August dropped by 0.1 per cent against the expected gain of 0.3 per cent. Data on housing starts in the US that was released on Thursday showed a drop in new home construction. The enthusiasm this created among gold bulls was dampened later by the FOMC announcement.
Cues to watch
With the hints from the Fed that rate hikes will happen by next year, there is a possibility of prices dropping below $1,200/ounce by the end of the year. The dollar is steadily moving up and there are new highs on Wall Street every other day.
So, gold investors need to exercise caution. The Dollar index ended at 84.7 last week, up 0.5 per cent, moving closer to the technical target of 89, following weakness in the euro. Brent crude prices, on the other hand, continue to trade below $100, lowering inflation expectations.
This week, the US economic calendar is heavy. On Monday is the existing home sales data. On Wednesday is the release of new home sales data. Thursday will see the Labour Department give out jobless claims number.
On Friday, September 26, the final estimate of the second quarter GDP will be released.
On the charts
There is a clear sell signal in the gold chart. Prices are targeting $1,200 levels.
When this level is breached, it may trigger sell stop loss orders and a steeper fall may be witnessed. With prices hitting a low of $1,213.8 on Friday and recovering only mildly to close at $1,229.6, this week, prices may move further down.
(This article was published on September 20, 2014)
Related

SC seeks SPPs assistance on plea against CBI chiefNew Delhi, September 22, 2014
Updated: September 22, 2014 17:54 IST
Visitors' register controversy
SC seeks SPP’s assistance on plea against CBI chief
PTI
The Hindu CBI Director Ranjit Sinha. Photo: Rajeev Bhatt
TOPICS
investigation
"CBI file notings should be be given to the SPP."
The Supreme Court on Monday sought the assistance of the Special Public Prosecutor in 2G case to decide a plea filed against CBI director Ranjit Sinha in the visitors’ list controversy.
The apex court ruled that all documents including the CBI file notings and visitors’ register of the director’s residence be given to the SPP.
The court agreed to hear NGO’s plea for recalling its order by which it had directed that name of whistleblower be revealed.
While turning down Mr. Sinha’s plea against hearing the case, the court observed that the view of SPP has to be considered as any order by it would have ramification in the 2G cases.
Meanwhile Mr Sinha told the court that there had been no interference in any of the cases probed by the agency and argued that the identity of the mole must be disclosed before apex court.
The NGO tendered an unconditional apology before the Supreme Court for its inability to reveal the name of the whistleblower.

Pakistan s powerful spy agency ISI gets new chiefPrint
PTI | Islamabad | Posted: September 22, 2014 3:03 pm
Lt Gen Rizwan Akhtar, considered a close confidante of army chief Gen Raheel Sharif, was on Monday appointed as new head of Pakistan’s powerful spy agency ISI.
Lt Gen Akhtar was promoted as three star general and appointed Director General Inter-Services Intelligence as part of major reshuffle in the military, a development that would help Gen Sharif in consolidating his powers amid political instability in the country.
“Maj Gens Rizwan Akhtar, Hilal Hussain, Ghayur Mahmood, Nazir Butt, Navid Mukhtar, Hidayat Ur Rehman” were promoted to next ranks, Director General Inter Services Public Relations (ISPR) Major Asim Bajwa wrote on Twitter. He also said Akhtar was appointed as to DGISI, Hidayat to Peshawar Corps commander, Mukhtar Karachi Corps Commander, Hussain Mangla Corps Commander, Mahmood Gujranwala Coprs Commander, Butt as chief of communication and Information Technology at GHQ.
Lt Gen Akhtar will take over from October 1 when the current ISI chief Lt-Gen Zaheerul Islam retirs along with four other lieutenant generals. Those retiring are Mangla corps commander Lt-Gen Tariq Khan, Gujranwala corps commander Lt-Gen Saleem Nawaz, Peshawar corps commander Lt-Gen Khalid Rabbani and Karachi corps commander Lt-Gen Sajjad Ghani. Technically and legally the ISI chief is appointed by the prime minister on the advice of the army chief but the former can seldom have his will. Usually the army chief sends a name to the prime minister as formality who had to approve it.
Earlier, it was reported that Maj Gen Naveed Mukhtar was also in the run for the top spy job.
Dawn reported that Akhtar is a graduate of the Command and Staff College in Quetta, National Defense University and the Army War College, USA.
He is from the Frontier Force Regiment and commanded the infantry brigade and infantry division in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata).
Previously as Sindh DG Rangers, Maj Gen Akhtar had been assigned with the task to lead the Karachi operation. But the military had replaced him as DG Rangers Sindh with another senior military officer.
Akhtar is also considered to have extensive experience of counterinsurgency from a previous posting in the border region of South Waziristan.
“He has served in a place like Karachi while remaining neutral and apolitical and has extensive experience of counterinsurgency and counterterrorism. He was the obvious choice,” said a serving military official.
“He is a professional soldier who has experience of both Fata and internal security in Karachi,” an army official said.

Islamic State tells followers to attack US  French citizensIslamic State spokesman Abu Muhammad al-Adnani said the military intervention by the U.S.-led coalition would be the "final campaign of the crusaders". (Source: AP)
Reuters | Baghdad | Posted: September 22, 2014 4:14 pm | Updated: September 22, 2014 4:18 pm
Islamic State has urged its followers to attack citizens of the United States , France and other allies who have joined a coalition to fight the militant group, the SITE monitoring website said on Monday.
The United States is building an international coalition to destroy the radical Sunni Muslim group, which has seized swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria and proclaimed a caliphate in the heart of the Middle East.
U.S. and French warplanes have struck Islamic State targets in Iraq and on Sunday the United States said other countries had indicated a willingness to join it if it goes ahead with air strikes against the group in Syria too.
Islamic State spokesman Abu Muhammad al-Adnani said the military intervention by the U.S.-led coalition would be the “final campaign of the crusaders”, according to a transcript published by SITE.
“It will be broken and defeated, just as all your previous campaigns were broken and defeated,” he said in the statement, which urged followers to attack U.S., French, Canadian, Australian and other nationals.

Rupee ends a paisa down at 60.82 Vs dollar in lacklustre tradeSep 22, 2014 at  05:58pm IST
Rupee ends a paisa down at 60.82 Vs dollar in lacklustre trade
1
0
Mumbai: In lacklustre trade, the Indian rupee today closed one paisa down at 60.82 against the US dollar on alternate bouts of demand and supply, snapping a four-day rising trend.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange market (Forex), the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.85 a dollar from previous close of 60.81. It was trapped in a range of 60.7425 and 60.88 before concluding at 60.82, showing a minor fall of one paisa.
In previous four days, it had risen by 32 paise.
In previous four days, it had risen by 32 paise. The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Monday washed out initial sharp losses and gained 116.32 points to end at two-week high.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Monday washed out initial sharp losses and gained 116.32 points to end at two-week high.
FIIs bought shares worth $18.48 million last Friday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index was down 0.04 per cent against its major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said: "Rupee traded in a thin range and ended flat. Rupee is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities.
The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.30 to 61.30."
1

Modi govt gets into act  promises 40% more grain under Food LawCentral Government
(Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan said…)
NEW DELHI: The Modi government promises a 40% increase in the supply of heavily subsidised grain as it seeks to expand coverage under the food security law, a move that can inflate the subsidy bill and disappoint critics who thought the new regime would abandon UPA's entitlement-based approach.
Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan said monthly entitlement of 5 kg foodgrain per person under food security law was meagre. "The focus of the government will be on providing food security to all. With huge stocks of grain in the country we want to increase monthly entitlement to 7 kg," he told ET in an interview. He said the food law passed by the previous government was inadequate.
"I feel the Food Security Act was prepared hurriedly. In my understanding during three months in government, it does not have clear concepts," Paswan said.
He said Modi himself, when he was chief minister of Gujarat, had observed that the grain provided under the Act was too less.
Paswan was silent about the food subsidy bill, which is already projected to be Rs 1.15 lakh crore this year, but analysts said additional grain would cost a lot of money.
Tejinder Narang, a Delhi-based analyst said the bill may rise by about 15% apart from starving the open market, which would raise prices. Pramod Joshi, director, International Food Policy Research Institute, said if the government is raising the quantity of susbsidised grain it would also be looking at steps like focusing on the poorest households and direct cash transfers subsidies following the campaign to open bank accounts.
The issue of food security came to the centre stage last year when Sonia Gandhi spearheaded the food security law in the last year of the UPA government.
It aims to give over 61 million tonnes of wheat, rice and coarse grains priced between Re 1 and Rs 3 per kg to 81 crore people. The law was seen as a key tool in the Congress party's bid to be voted back to power but it was eventually trounced by Modi-led BJP. The Bharatiya Janata Party had earlier showcased the food security apparatus in states ruled by the party as better solutions for combating hunger and deprivation.
Paswan said welfare of the people was a key priority and the Central government would not budge from its position despite international pressure to change its stance to facilitate an agreement under the World Trade Organisation (WTO). Some analysts say the issue of food security may be raised during Modi's visit to the US. Paswan said there was a huge difference in the mindset of a developing and developed country.
"We are a welfare state and we have a public responsibility. We have to protect the interest of farmers and the poor man. Not just USA, but some of our own experts feel that subsidy should end," he said. Paswan said it was a huge challenge to store grain and check leakages in transportation and distribution.
A high-powered committee under Himachal Pradesh MP Shanta Kumar would submit its report in three months on restructuring Food Corporation of India (FCI).
He said there were numerous complaints about irregularities in the FCI, the biggest organisation under its ministry. "The first major problem is on damage. Products that come from FCI godown or from rakes is not of proper quality. Sometimes it doesn't reach fair price shops or beneficiaries," the food minister said. "It goes to the open market. Quality is only on paper, not physically. Sometimes, we find grain rotting in the open. There is nobody to buy it. If it has been bought, then it is not stored properly," he added.
"In the public distribution system, there so much 'dhandebazi' (corruption) irrespective of states. Wherever you go, you will not find the correct beneficiary's names; there are problems in quality and quantity. We have started door-todoor delivery. Now with the usage of new technology like CCTV and GPS, we should be able to track trucks, storage position in grounds. We have to see how successful we are," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US tries to revive mortgage bond marketUS tries to revive mortgage bond market
By Tracy Alloway in Miami
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad13e938-4290-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UBS to post 1.1bn bailUBS to post €1.1bn bail in French tax case
By Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a958e768-427b-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mizoram woman booked for Facebook postPrint
Express News Service | Aizawl | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:50 am
A senior office bearer of the Mizoram Pradesh Youth Congress Committee has filed a police complaint against a woman here for a Facebook post in which she alleged that a Mizo fugitive and his friends were beaten up in Delhi by two members of the party unit.
Acting on the complaint from secretary of the committee R Lalhmingmawia Ralte, the police filed an FIR on Monday against Lalrinfeli, who goes by the Facebook name Felly Jahau.
Ralte in the complaint said someone going by the name ‘Felly Jahau’ posted an article on the widely-followed “Zoram Politics” Facebook group where she “defamed” the ruling Congress and wrote about two party members who “do not exist”.
The said Facebook post talked about one Michael, a man wanted by the Mizoram Police in connection with a case involving allegations of EVM rigging during the last year’s state Assembly polls, being approached and manhandled by two men in Delhi.
The post alleged the attackers were dressed as policemen, but they turned out to be youth Congress leaders.
Michael is wanted by the police for instigating a well-known Aizawl educationist to make allegations that the Congress rigged EVMs using a “powerful radiowave machine” and winning 34 of the state’s 40 assembly seats unfairly.

Watch: Spiderman s excitement for PM Modi s US tripIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

SMW: Social media has changed political discourse like never beforeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Artha Tatwa scam: CBI arrests Odisha s ex-AG Ashok MohantySep 23, 2014, 09.11 AM IST  | Source: PTI
Artha Tatwa scam: CBI arrests Odisha's ex-AG Ashok Mohanty
The former top law officer of the state was brought to CBI office on charges of allegedly misappropriating money from the Artha Tatwa, a ponzi company which allegedly duped investors of crores of rupees in the state.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Artha Tatwa scam: CBI arrests Odisha's ex-AG Ashok Mohanty
The former top law officer of the state was brought to CBI office on charges of allegedly misappropriating money from the Artha Tatwa, a ponzi company which allegedly duped investors of crores of rupees in the state.
Post your opinion here
 
Barely 10 days after he resigned, CBI Monday arrested Odisha’s former Advocate General Ashok Mohanty for allegedly abusing his official position and misappropriating funds of Artha Tatwa Group of companies in a case which is an offshoot of Saradha chit fund scam.
After several rounds of questioning by the Special Investigating Unit formed by the CBI, Mohanty was picked up from his residence in Cuttack and informed that he had been placed under arrest.
After mandatory medical check up, the former top law officer of the state was brought to the CBI office on charges of allegedly misappropriating money from the Artha Tatwa, a ponzi company which allegedly duped investors of crores of rupees in the state.
"Truth will ultimately come out. God and Guru are my witnesses. As per my conscience, I have not committed any wrong," Mohanty told reporters while being taken inside CBI's state headquarters here.
Mohanty was interrogated by the CBI on September 13, a day after he resigned from the advocate general’s post and had denied allegations that he got a house in Cuttack free of cost from Chairman-cum-Managing Directior of Artha Tatwa (AT) group Pradip Sethy.
The plot of Cuttack Development Authority believed to be worth over a crore of rupees was given to Mohanty allegedly without making any payment, the CBI claimed. The charge was, however, denied by Mohanty who said he had paid Rs 1.01 crore through cheques issued against his bank account in SBI.
During the probe, CBI claimed to have found that on October 5, 2012 Sethy sought No Objection Certificate (NOC) to sell his plot further.
The NOC was received and within 20 days it was sold to Mohanty allegedly without any payment being made against it, the CBI alleged and claimed that Mohanty helped the group in escaping any action by state authorities.
The former advocate general also claimed to have shown bank documents to CBI officials in regard to payment.
RELATED NEWS

20% of teachers in the country not sincere: ...20% of teachers in the country not sincere, Azim Premji says
By TNN | 23 Sep, 2014, 09.43AM IST
READ MORE ON » Teachers | Azim Premji
Premji, chancellor of the university, extolled students to hit the rural areas to work for the development of the education sector. There's a need for deeply committed teachers.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: IT czar Azim Premji had a clear grading for the country's teachers: of around 6 million teachers , 20% are not sincere and committed, 60% are willing to learn, and the remaining 20% are deeply committed. He was speaking at the second annual convocation of the Azim Premji University (APU) here on Monday.
Premji, chancellor of the university, extolled students to hit the rural areas to work for the development of the education sector. There's a need for deeply committed teachers. At times, government schools in rural areas are better than private schools, said Premji.
"Improving public education is the responsibility of the government and we are also working in collaboration with various state governments. Transforming education is a very complex task, given the diversity of our country, compounded by issues of socio-economic deprivation and other ground realities. Citizens should also help the government," he said.
Pointing to other issues in the education system, he said there's an acute lack of quality higher education which can prepare people to work in the field of education and the social sector. India is investing only 3% of its GDP in education, while countries like Finland invest 8% of the GDP. "We have to invest at least 4% to 6% of our GDP," said Premji.
Applauding the graduates of APU, Premji said, "70% of the graduates from the first batch of APU are working with NGOs in rural areas and they are not attracted to high salaries in the city."
No gowns, medals
APU's convocation is unique. The university doesn't have a system of announcing toppers and presenting gold medals. Graduates don't even dress up in gowns; they are in casual attire and a shawl. The varsity conferred degrees to 125 Masters in Education and Masters in Development students.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Alibabas Jack Ma is second richest AsianAlibaba’s Jack Ma is second richest Asian, overtakes Mukesh Ambani
By Piyush Pandey, TNN | 23 Sep, 2014, 09.39AM IST
Ma (50) has overtaken Mukesh Ambani and Hong Kong's Lee Shau Kee to become China's richest and Asia's second wealthiest with a personal wealth of $26.5 billion.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce giant, has not only created history with the largest IPO ever at $25 billion but also made its founder and CEO, Jack Ma, the second richest man in Asia. The record for the largest IPO was held by Agriculture Bank of China, which raised $22.1 billion in 2010.
Ma (50) has overtaken Mukesh Ambani and Hong Kong's Lee Shau Kee to become China's richest and Asia's second wealthiest with a personal wealth of $26.5 billion. Ma trails HK's Li Ka-Shing among Asia's richest, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.
Jack Ma , a former English teacher, wants Alibaba to be bigger than Walmart in the coming years.
As per Friday's trade (entire detail's of Monday's trade were not available at the time of filing this report), Alibaba shares surged by 38% to $92.7 in New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), valuing the firm at over $231 billion. It thus raised the fortune of Ma to $26.5 billion.
RIL chairman Mukesh Ambani, once Asia's richest and world's fifth richest (till 2008), has now been overtaken by the Chinese and the Hong Kong billionaires in Asia and has slipped to fourth position in Asia and 33rd in the global rankings. He retained the tag of Asia's wealthiest till 2012. However, Ambani saw his wealth falling to $23.2 billion in 2014 from a high of $43 billion in 2008.
Hong Kong's Li Ka-Shing with a personal fortune of $31.2 billion is Asia's wealthiest person and the only Asian to figure among the top 20 list of billionaires at 19th rank. Li controls Hutchison Whampoa, a conglomerate with interests in energy, port, retail, infrastructure and mobile networks.
On the other hand, Lee Shau Kee is the founder and the largest shareholder of Henderson Land Development, the real estate conglomerate that builds and manages properties in Hong Kong and China. Lee also holds a 36% stake in Hong Kong and China Gas.
Ambani is followed by Dilip Shanghvi, another Indian, in the top 5 list of Asian billionaires. Shanghvi (58), promoter of Sun Pharmaceuticals, is the second richest Indian. Shanghvi saw a 43% surge in his wealth after Sun Pharma acquired Japanese-owned Ranbaxy, making Sun the largest drug maker in India and fifth largest in the world.
Investment advisor S P Tulsian believes that the depreciation of the Indian currency from 45 levels to above 61 against the US dollar is one of the major reasons for the fall in Ambani's wealth. "Falling gas production is another factor in investors losing faith in RIL. Besides, the petrochemicals and refining segments have been stagnant while retail and telecommunications are yet to take off," said Tulsian.

Seat sharing row: BJP  Sena soften standComments
The deadlock over seat-sharing between the BJP and the Shiv Sena continued Monday but the alliance partners appeared willing to accommodate each other’s concerns, keeping hopes of reconciliation alive.
The BJP sent a fresh proposal to the Shiv Sena, offering to contest 130 seats -- five down from its initial demand of 135 --- in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly but also hinted it was ready to go it alone.
A day after it made the senior ally the “final offer” of 119 seats, the Sena -– through informal channels -- indicated it was willing to concede another six seats to the BJP, sources said. The Sena had Sunday set aside 151 seats for itself.
For weeks, the saffron combine has been fighting bitterly over the number of seats each party will contest in the October 15 state election.
The alliance fancies its chances this time and whichever party gets more seats, will also get the CM’s post.
“In a contingent situation that the BJP is compelled not to contest with the Shiv Sena, we would go it alone on all 288 seats but we will prefer that Shiv Sena comes along,” BJP general secretary in-charge for Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
Video: BJP leaders to meet Shiv Sena to save Maharashtra alliance
The BJP, said sources, was yet to receive a formal response from Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on its fresh demand for 130 seats.
“We have shown some flexibility... Sena should give us those seats where chances of its victory are nil.” There are some 59 seats that the Sena has not won in last five elections.
Late Sunday, the party’s central election committee had finalised candidates for more than 200 seats, sources said. In case of a split, the BJP would “accommodate” the three smaller parties that are part of the Mahayuti, or the grand alliance, the sources said.
Rudy has been asked go to Mumbai and settle things in the next two-three days. September 27 is the last day of filing election papers. The party’s election in-charge Om Mathur is already in Mumbai.
 
Thackeray had called up two senior BJP leaders on Sunday, but failed to secure any concession, a BJP leader told HT. The party, said sources, would wait for the “inauspicious” Pitrapaksha to end -- on September 24 --before announcing candidates.
Read: BJP rejects Sena's 'final' offer
The BJP leaders say they want the alliance to work but a break-up with Sena wouldn’t put the party at a disadvantage.
“We will get an opportunity to make inroads in urban areas where Modi magic will give us an advantage,” a BJP leader said on condition of anonymity.
Rudy earlier said that his party had sent “a very liberal proposal” to Sena as the 130 seats include the “worst” possible seats which its ally had never won in last 30 years. Traditionally, the Shiv Sena has fought more seats than the BJP, which wants a bigger share this time following its Lok Sabha victory.

India s ex-UN envoy Puri named Secy-general ...adviser
(The Independent Commission…)
NEW YORK: India's former Ambassador to the UN Hardeep Singh Puri has been appointed Secretary General of a commission, launched by a global think tank, that is aimed at identifying policy proposals to enhance the multilateral system's ability to respond to evolving global challenges.
The Independent Commission on Multilateralism (ICM), launched by International Peace Institute (IPI), will be chaired by former Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and co-chaired by Foreign Minister of Norway Borge Brende and Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird.
IPI will serve as the secretariat under the leadership of its Senior Adviser Puri, who would be the Secretary General of the commission, according to a statement.
The commission would be a comprehensive two-year programme, with the objective of identifying policy proposals to enhance the multilateral system's ability to respond to existing and evolving global challenges.
The work of the commission would be funded by the governments of Canada and Norway.
Giving the rationale for establishing the ICM, the think tank said with the evolving global challenges, there is a need to review the multilateral system so that it deals better with the dynamic geo-political situation.
The United Nations was formed nearly seven decades ago and since then, there has been a dramatic evolution in the nature of threats to international peace and security as well as a proliferation of new challenges, the statement said.
"There is now an urgent need to independently review the current multilateral system and to make it fit for purpose," it said.
The commission would have a three-tier structure comprising an advisory council of eminent persons who would meet at least once a year to provide advice and serve as a sounding board for the commission, a ministerial-level board expected to meet every six months with each minister serving in his or her personal capacity and an ambassadorial-level board expected to meet every six months.
Each ambassador will serve in his or her personal capacity.
The work of the commission would be conducted under the supervision of the Chair and the co-chairs and supported by the IPI as Secretariat.
The three-tier structure would be supported by a working group made up of working level participants from governments.
Under the direction of the Secretary General, and in close cooperation with the chair and co-chairs, IPI would take the lead in drafting the final report of the commission.
The first meeting of the Ministerial Group was held yesterday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty tests 8 150; top 10 stocks in focus todaySensex rangebound, Nifty tests 8150; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 11.24AM IST
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a narrow range on Tuesday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets. L&T, M&M, ITC, ICICI Bank and ONGC were top Sensex losers.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading near its crucial psychological level of 8150, weighed down by losses in realty, oil & gas, metal and banking stocks.
At 11:19 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,144.23, down 62.51 points. The Nifty was at 8126.40, down 19.9 points.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Colgate Palmolive India Ltd: The Board declared a First Interim Dividend for the Financial Year 2014-15 of Rs. 8 per share of Re 1 each (face value).
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent lower at Rs 1638.70.
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd: The Delhi High Court Monday dismissed an appeal by the Haryana State Environmental Impact Assessment Authority (HSEIAA) against an order restraining it from "prosecuting" carmaker Maruti Suzuki for not having prior environment clearance (EC) for its unit in Rohtak.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent higher at Rs 3091.
PNB: Punjab National Bank (PNB) has said its plans to split its stock in ratio of 1:5 which would mean that the face value of its shares would be Rs 2 as against Rs 10 now making it more affordable to retail investors.
RIL Ltd: Reliance Jio Infocomm has signed a deal with Indus Towers to share the latter's 113,490 towers as the Mukesh Ambani-led telecom company prepares to roll out high speed internet services on LTE next year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 989.20.
GMR Infrastructure Ltd: GMR Infrastructure Ltd has sought market regulator Sebi's clearance to raise up to Rs 1,500 crore through a rights issue.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.4 per cent lower at Rs 22.65.
L&T, ITC and Axis Bank: Buoyed by the success of its exchange-traded fund comprising stocks of state-owned companies, the government is now looking to launch another such exercise to take advantage of the ownership of blue chips such as ITC and Larsen & Toubro through the Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India (SUUTI), besides some other key public sector stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; L&T was trading 0.9 per cent lower at Rs 1519, ITC was down 0.38 per cent to Rs 369.25 and Axis Bank was trading 0.5 per cent lower at Rs 406.
CIL: Coal India may raise prices of lower-grade coal, used to generate power, by a little over 10%, a move that will help offset the fall in miner's revenues from selling smaller volumes through e-auctions, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent lower at Rs 341.
Jaiprakash Power Ventures: The Central Electricity Authority (CEA) is likely to issue a show cause notice to JP Associates' 100% subsidiary Jaiprakash Power Ventures (JPVL) for violating techno-economic clearance (TEC) conditions in the Karcham Wangtoo project, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.6 per cent lower at Rs 14.70.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Credit Suisse sees 19% upside in Tata Motors; raises target  upgrades stock to  outperformCredit Suisse sees 19% upside in Tata Motors; upgrades to 'outperform'
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 10.36AM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(Tata Motors has been in a…)
NEW DELHI: Credit Suisse in its latest report upgraded the stock to 'outperform' from 'neutral' and has also raised its 12-month target price from Rs 510 to Rs 640, which translates into an upside of 18.6 per cent from 22 September closing price of Rs 539.40.
Tata Motors has been in a clear uptrend, rallying over 40 per cent so far in the year 2014 led by strong performance by Jaguar Land Rover (JLR).
Despite near-term concerns, the outlook remain robust for the global auto giant. However, despite strong results, the stock has underperformed Indian 4W peers by over 20 per cent over the past five months.
Historically, Credit Suisse has liked JLR's long-term story of volume growth being led by the filling of white spaces in the product portfolio and a faster refresh cycle.
The global investment bank has also upgraded their FY17E volumes and introduced China JV numbers leading to a 10 per cent upgrade to their estimates.
They have also increased JLR target multiple to 4.5x, as it heads into another phase of sustained new launches driving over 20 per cent volume growth.
However, there are some near-term concerns over JLR as highlighted by Credit Suisse: (1) a slowdown in volume growth which is playing out, (2) GBP appreciation vs USD which has since reversed, and (3) lower-than-expected margins on the Jaguar XE where the pricing was slightly better than our expectation.
Though, Credit Suisse expects volumes to remain slow till December and don't expect 1Q margins to be sustained, but they believe that JLR has multiple triggers to boost volumes in the March quarter.
After a period of relative lull post the launch of the new RR Sport around a year back, the launch of the new Discovery Sport and Jaguar XE along with the start-up of the engine plant and China JV are all due to happen by the end of this year.
All of these should be a big boost for volumes in the March quarter, and CS expects volume growth to return to the over 20 per cent range from the March quarter.
The global investment bank is positive on the long term story of JLR for some time as we believe it has been doing all the right things. Since the Tata acquisition in 2008, there has been a clear scale-up in investments into new product development.
JLR has enjoyed the freedom of working on its own rather than being tied to a large global player , and has stepped up investment in new launches with R&D spending almost tripling from £400 mn when Tata Motors took over to over £1.2 bn currently, said the report.
This is helping the company grow volumes in two ways: (1) plugging the gaps in its portfolio (like the upcoming Jaguar XE) and (2) increasing the refresh frequency of existing models.
However, Credit Suisse downgraded Mahindra and Mahindra to "neutral" from "outperform." It said that Mahindra's valuations were no longer "attractive." Mahindra and Mahindra shares were down 1.6 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Interactive: No let up in flight of KeralayouthAir India flight at Indira Gandhi International Aiport, New Delhi. (Source: Express Archives)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 23, 2014 11:01 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 11:45 am
Contrary to the 2011 forecast that migration of Kerala youth to abroad, especially to Gulf countries, for work will decline in the next three years, a new survey by the Centre for Development Studies has shown that there has been an increase in the number of emigrants from the state.
The study, which was released last week, blame it on the state’s inability to provide jobs to them.
The study was conducted by Prof K C Zachariah and S Irudaya Rajan of the Research Unit on International Migration at the Centre for Development Studies (CDS), Thiruvananthapuram. The report was released on Wednesday. This was the sixth in the series of a migration study conducted by the CDS for Kerala Planning Board.
 

US begins air strikes on Islamic State targets in Syriaprint
US Navy F/A-18 fighter jet on bombing mission. (File Photo)
The United States began bombing ISIS targets in Syria using fighters, bomber and Tomahawk missiles, according to the Pentagon late Monday night.
"I can confirm that U.S. military and partner nation forces are undertaking military action against ISIL terrorists in Syria using a mix of fighter, bomber and Tomahawk Land Attack Missiles,” said Pentagon spokesperson Rear Admiral John Kirby.
“Given that these operations are ongoing, we are not in a position to provide additional details at this time,” he added.
Saudi Arabia and Jordan were among countries that took part in these bombings, according to reports.
The bombings came a day before President Barack Obama was scheduled to address the UN Security Council on foreign fighters working with the ISIS in Syria and Iraq.
Also, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is arriving here later in the week for UN general assembly meetings in New York and talks with President Barrack Obama in DC.
ISIS was to figure in their talks, but now with the US attacking the terrorist outfit — which is holding Indians hostages in Mosul, Iraq — the strikes may move up their agenda.
Obama administration officials told US media that Monday’s bombings were focussed on targets — mostly buildings — in Raqqa, a Syrian city now home to ISIS.
US strikes on ISIS position in Syria were expected after President Barack Obama announced earlier this month “I have made it clear that we will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country, wherever they are.”
“That means,” he had added, “I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL (an alternate acronym for ISIS, also sometimes called just IS, for Islamic State) in Syria, as well as Iraq.”
Senior US officials have been saying for a while now that the only effective way of dealing with ISIS — destroying it, in other words — was to attack it in both Iraq and Syria.
The strategy was to first chase them out of Iraq once a more inclusive government was in place in Baghdad, denying ISIS support from disgruntled Sunnis.
Corner them in Syria then, in their so-called strongholds, such as Raqqa, said the next phase of the plan, and then hit them there with every resource available to US forces.
US military had not made available any estimates of the damage inflicted by these new expanded attacks on ISIS, but experts warned this fight was far from over yet.

Fosun bids $580m for Portuguese hospital operatorFosun offers $580m for Espírito Santo Saúde
By Josh Noble and Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f553100c-42d1-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Protests likely over Ajit Singh s bungalow  Delhi Metro shuts down one stationSep 23, 2014 at 10:15am IST
Protests likely over Ajit Singh's bungalow, Delhi Metro shuts down one station
16
1
New Delhi: The Delhi Metro on Tuesday shut down one of its stations in view of expected protests over the vacation of RLD leader Ajit Singh's official bungalow on Tuesday, officials said.
The Delhi Metro shut down the Race Course Metro station on its Yellow Line which runs between Jahangirpuri in north Delhi and Huda City Centre in Gurgaon.
"As advised by the police, Race Course Metro station has been closed for public from 8.20 a.m. till further directions," a Delhi Metro official said.
The Delhi Metro shut down the Race Course Metro station on its Yellow Line which runs between Jahangirpuri in north Delhi and Huda City Centre in Gurgaon.
Additional Commissioner of Police S.B.S. Tyagi said, "Yes, we have asked the Delhi Metro to shut down the station. Let us see how the situation develops."
He added that adequate barricading has also been done in view of the protests.
Singh, who will shift to a three-bedroom house in south Delhi has demanded to convert the 12, Tughlak Road bungalow occupied by him into a memorial dedicated to his father Charan Singh.
This had led to clashes between police and the Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) and Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) workers September 19 and left about 200 farmers and policemen injured.
2

Air strikes in Syria kill  wound tens of Islamic State fightersAir strikes in Syria kill, wound tens of Islamic State fighters
Reuters
Tweet
Beirut, Sept 23:  
Tens of Islamic State fighters were killed or wounded in air strikes on the Syrian city of Raqqa and surrounding areas, a group that tracks the war said on Tuesday.
“There are tens of wounded and dead,’’ Rami Abdulrahman, head of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, told Reuters by phone. The Observatory gathers information from a network of activists on the ground.
The Pentagon earlier said the United States and partner nations were carrying out the first air strikes against Islamic State targets in Syria.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Crude oil futures up at Rs 5 593 per barrelCrude oil futures up at Rs 5,593 per barrel
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
Crude oil futures prices rose 0.29 per cent to Rs 5,593 per barrel today as speculators created fresh positions, tracking a firming trend in Asia.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in October traded higher by Rs 16 or 0.29 per cent at Rs 5,593 per barrel with a business turnover of 1,516 lots.
Similarly, the oil for November delivery also moved up by Rs 16 or 0.29 per cent to Rs 5,594 per barrel, with a business volume of 46 lots.
Market analysts attributed the rise in crude oil futures to a firm trend in Asia in response to better-than-expected Chinese manufacturing data and after the US said it had led bombing raids against jihadists in crude producer Syria.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate crude for July delivery rose 31 cents to $91.18 a barrel, while Brent crude for November also gained 33 cents to $97.30 a barrel in mid-morning trade on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

NPPA to no longer cap prices of non-essential drugsGovt retreats NPPA's power to cap non-essential drug prices
Zeba Siddiqui     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 12:18 IST
Photo: Reuters
The government has withdrawn the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority's (NPPA) powers that allowed it to fix the prices of medicines not deemed essential, after its decision to impose price caps on more than 100 drugs triggered industry protests.
NPPA had issued a notice in July imposing price caps on 108 non-essential drugs ,  which are used to treat diseases ranging from diabetes to HIV/AIDS. The  move has been challenged by the industry lobby groups in courts.
In a notice late on Monday, the Department of Pharmaceuticals has withdrawn guidelines issued on May 29 that gave the NPPA the powers to fix the prices of drugs that are not on the essential medicines list.
The Department of Pharmaceuticals, under the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers, directly controls the NPPA.
(Reuters)

Karnataka: After Chavan and Hooda  Modi to share stage with another CongCMKarnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: September 23, 2014 11:24 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 11:25 am
Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, who is set to share stage for the first time with Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a public event in Tumkur on Wednesday, has expressed confidence that he will not be booed like other non-BJP chief ministers.
When asked whether he feared being booed like other chief ministers, Siddaramaiah said that he was optimistic that this would not happen in Karnataka.
Siddaramaiah will share the stage for the first time with Prime Minister Modi at the opening of the India Food Park in Tumkur, some 60 km from Bangalore, on Wednesday.
Though the Congress has asked its chief ministers to refrain from sharing the stage with Modi in the aftermath of the jeering of Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Haryana’s Bhupinder Singh Hooda at public events, Siddaramaiah has stated that as per protocol his presence is mandated at events like the opening of the India Food Park.
Meanwhile, BJP state unit leader Prahalad Joshi has instructed party workers not to put the Prime Minister in an awkward position by jeering Siddaramiah during Modi’s visit to the state. “Both are elected representatives of the people. Irrespective of the party and political ideologies, everyone must maintain decorum and avoid creating unnecessary commotion,” Joshi said.

http://usat.ly/1uTQxdiAlibaba slips 4.3% in post-IPO trading
Alibaba selloff pushes stock down 4%
Post to Facebook
Alibaba slips 4.3% in post-IPO trading Alibaba selloff pushes stock down 4% Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uyiftH
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
4
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Alibaba slips 4.3% in post-IPO trading
Gary Strauss, USA TODAY 4:17 p.m. EDT September 22, 2014
Jack Ma, founder of Alibaba, smiles during the company's IPO at the New York Stock Exchange, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014 in New York.
(Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP)
25 CONNECT 51 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Shares of freshly minted IPO Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba dropped 4.3% Monday, hurt by Wall Street's broad market selloff and profit-taking after Friday's 38% surge.
Alibaba, which climbed $25.89 to $93.89 in its Friday debut, closed off $4 to $89.89 Monday. The slide was part a broader tech and market selloff that clipped the Standard & Poors 500 Index nearly 1% 1,994 and pushed the tech-heavy NASDAQ 1.1% lower to 4,528.
"I don't think there's anything to be concerned about Alibaba, especially after the pop it had Friday,'' says James Gellert, CEO of Rapid Ratings International, which measures the financial health of companies.
"High fliers like this are going to have volatility and up days and down days. Support for the stock and the company is extremely good,'' Gellert said. "If it was down 30%, that would be an issue."
Alibaba's IPO raised $21.8 million. Underwriters bought another 48 million shares, Alibaba said Monday, pushing the size of the deal to $25 billion, ahead of the record $22 billion raised in 2010 by Agricultural Bank of China Ltd.
Most stock analysts remain positive. MKM Partners' Rob Sanderson issued a buy rating Monday and set a $125 price target.
Analysts aren't so optimistic about Yahoo! which holds a 22% stake in Alibaba. Shares lost 5.6% to $38.65 after dropping nearly 3% Friday.
Behind Monday's Yahoo! selloff: downgraded ratings  by analysts at  Sanford Bernstein and Merrill Lynch.
Follow Strauss on Twitter @gstrauss_
25 CONNECT 51 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uyiftH
USA NOW
Marion Barry, former D.C. mayor, passes away at age 78
Nov 23, 2014

Nifty Struggles Amid Broad Decline  IT Stocks GainYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Struggle Amid Choppy Trade
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 11:49 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled in noon trade amid choppy trade, with selling pressure seen in banking, oil & gas, metal and realty stocks.
The losses were capped however due to gains in IT stocks. The Sensex was down 70 points to 27,136 while Nifty fell 21 points to 8,125.
The BSE midcap and smallcap indices gave up most of its early gains and were trading flat. The breadth on the markets also turned weak with 1,375 stocks declining on the BSE and 1,110 advancing.
Mayuresh Joshi of Angel Broking expects the markets to remain rangebound in the near term. He recommends investors booking some profit in select FMCG and midcap counters that in which valuations remain stretched.
Buying by foreign investors slowed down in the past week with foreign institutional investors (FIIs) selling on average Rs 73 crore per day between September 16-19. In comparison, their average daily buying during September 9-15 stood at Rs 393 crore and during September 1-8 at Rs 990 crore.
Sanjay Sinha, founder of Citrus Advisors, termed the current dip in FII buying as "episodic" and he expects a pick-up soon. A pick-up in buying from domestic investors will partly compensate for the fall in FII buying, he added.
Among IT stocks, HCL Tech, Wipro, and Tech Mahindra were up between 0.70 per cent and 1.5 per cent.
Among metal stocks, JSPL, NMDC, Hindalco were down nearly 1.5 per cent. The softening in global commodity prices weighed on the metal stocks with the BSE sectoral index falling 7.5 per cent in past one month.
DLF fell over 3 per cent to be the biggest loser among Nifty stocks. BNP Paribas downgraded DLF to "reduce" from "hold", cutting target price to Rs 146 from Rs 169.
Elsewhere in other global markets, Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat today. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 11:47 (IST)

SML Isuzu: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 23, 2014, 11.28 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SML Isuzu: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
SML Isuzu has informed regarding the details of Voting Results at the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 22, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SML Isuzu: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
SML Isuzu has informed regarding the details of Voting Results at the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 22, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
SML Isuzu Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting Results at the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 22, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Ltd has informed BSE regarding: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 23, 2014, 11.26 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ltd has informed BSE regarding: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Jindal Poly Investment and Finance Company has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 2nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 20, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ltd has informed BSE regarding: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Jindal Poly Investment and Finance Company has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 2nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 20, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Jindal Poly Investment and Finance Company Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 2nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 20, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

All about the world s cheapest mission to MarsPrev Next
At just Rs 450 crore, ISRO’S Mars mission is the cheapest so far. The Mars Orbiter Mission is India's first interplanetary mission to planet Mars with an orbiter craft designed to orbit Mars in an elliptical orbit. After a nine-month long journey, the Orbiter is scheduled to enter Mars’ orbit on September 24. To reach Mars, the spacecraft had to enter three phases, the earth centered phase, the helio centric phase and finally the Martian phase.
... more 
At just Rs 450 crore, ISRO’S Mars mission is the cheapest so far. The Mars Orbiter Mission is India's first interplanetary mission to planet Mars with an orbiter craft designed to orbit Mars in an elliptical orbit. After a nine-month long journey, the Orbiter is scheduled to enter Mars’ orbit on September 24. To reach Mars, the spacecraft had to enter three phases, the earth centered phase, the helio centric phase and finally the Martian phase. (AP Photo/Altaf Qadri)

GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian relief as China s factories top low expectationsGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian relief as China s factories top low expectations
Crude oil price of Indian basket rises marginallyCrude oil price of Indian basket rises marginally
Mutual Funds Newsletter - September 15 to 19  2014Mutual Funds Newsletter - September 15 to 19  2014
Be ready for regional war: Chinese President tells armyBe ready for regional war: Chinese President tells army
Dollar down after 10-week rally  euro gains cappedDollar down after 10-week rally  euro gains capped
Can Fin Homes: Appointment of Additional DirectorCan Fin Homes: Appointment of Additional Director
Nasa keen on sharing MAVEN data for Mangalyaan probeNasa keen on sharing MAVEN data for Mangalyaan probe
US begins air strikes on IS targets in SyriaUS begins air strikes on IS targets in Syria
Too early to sound Real Madrid all-clear  says Carlo AncelottiToo early to sound Real Madrid all-clear  says Carlo Ancelotti
Ebola cases to triple to 20 000 by Nov if no significant effort taken: WHOEbola cases to triple to 20,000 by Nov if no significant action taken: WHO
PTI
Tweet
Geneva, Sept 23:  
The number of Ebola infections will triple to 20,000 by November, soaring by the thousands every week if efforts are not significantly stepped up to stop the outbreak, the WHO warned today.
“Without drastic improvement in control measures, the numbers of cases and deaths from Ebola are expected to continue increasing from hundreds to thousands per week in the coming months,” the World Health Organization said in a study.
The current outbreak in West Africa has already claimed more than 2,800 lives and infected more than 5,800 people.
But the WHO study forecasts that if no significant action is taken, “the cumulative number of confirmed and probable cases by November 2 ... will be 5,925 in Guinea, 9,939 in Liberia and 5,063 in Sierra Leone’’.
The total for those three countries alone will therefore surpass 20,000 cases, said the study published in the New England Journal of Medicine today.
That would also translate to a jump in the number of deaths as the experts suggest that the fatality in the current outbreak is much higher than the widely estimated one in two.
If only cases of deaths and recovery were taken into account, the fatality rate stands at about 71 per cent, the study showed.
“We are seeing exponential growth and we need to act now,” said Christopher Dye, co-author of the study jointly carried out with the Imperial College in London.
“If we don’t stop the epidemic very soon, this is going to turn from a disaster into a catastrophe,” he told reporters in Geneva, warning that the epidemic might simply “rumble on as it has for the last few months for the next few years’’.
“The fear is that Ebola will become more or less a permanent feature of the human population,” warned Dye, who is the UN health agency’s head of strategy.
Ebola fever causes severe muscle pain, vomiting, diarrhoea and — in many cases — unstoppable internal and external bleeding.
It is one of the deadliest viruses known to man, and the current outbreak, which quietly began in southern Guinea last December, has by far killed more than all other Ebola outbreaks combined.
Prior to the current epidemic, the deadliest outbreak was the very first one on record, in Democratic Republic of Congo in 1976, when 280 people died.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Ebola toll passes 2 800 but "contained" in Senegal  Nigeria -WHOE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

GSM Subscribers  FDI Equity Inflows  Indian rupee  BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty  Gold price  more on Sept 19  2014GSM Subscribers, FDI Equity Inflows, Indian rupee, BSE Sensex, NSE Nifty, Gold price, more on September 19, 2014
Sat Sep 20 2014, 14:41 hrs
August 2014 GSM Subscribers (in Millions). Graph: PTI
Indians constitute a dominating group while buying real estate in Dubai, having invested nearly AED 10.5 billion during the first half of this year, says a report. Graph: PTI
FDI Equity Inflows (in US$ mn). Graph: PTI
Indian rupee through the day against US dollar. The Indian rupee today edged up three paise to end at one-week high of 60.81 against the Greenback on sustained dollar selling by exporters and capital inflows. Graph: PTI
Indian rupee vs US dollar. A strong dollar overseas and some hesitancy in local stocks, however, limited the rupee rise, forex dealers said. On a weekly basis, the local currency, however, fell 16 paise to log its first weekly drop in seven largely due to the 48-paise drop on Monday. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex Intraday Movement. Profit-booking today pulled the Sensex down by 22 points to close at 27,090.42 on losses in capital goods, refinery, realty and auto sectors, but recent gains helped the BSE benchmark log its sixth straight week of gains, the longest winning run in over two years. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex: Top Gainers, Top Losers. The 30-share BSE Sensex resumed on a better note and rallied further to a high of 27,247.17, up by 135 points, on the back of firm Asian trends prompted by overnight rally on Wall Street. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty throughout the day. Soon after, however, it met with strong resistance at higher levels and fell back to settle at 27,090.42, a minor fall of 21.79 points or 0.08 per cent. Graph: PTI
Gold and silver prices. Gold continued downward spiral for the fourth-straight session at the domestic bullion market today due to lack of demand from retail consumers amid uncertainty surrounding aftermath of Fed policy outcome. Graph: PTI
Reader´s Comments

The short history of the last-ball sixer5th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
5 hours ago
Kohli & Co. Get Down To Business
10 hours ago
Gary Kirsten - Determined batsman, astute coach
12 hours ago
Former South Africa opening batsman Gary Kirsten was born on 23 November 1967 in Cape Town. Though not the most attacking batsman, Kirsten had strong powers of concentration and skill as well determination, that made him one his country's best opening batsmen.
Pakistan vs New Zealand, 2nd Test
Mon 17 Nov, 2014 1:24 PM IST
4th ODI: Australia vs South Africa
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 5:31 PM IST
A Tale of Tons at the World Cup
Fri 21 Nov, 2014 12:59 PM IST
Of the 127 centuries scored in World Cups, just two were made in the 1979 edition, while 24 were plundered in the latest 2011 tournament. 22 hundreds have been scored by an Australian and 20 by an Indian across the nine editions.
World Cup: Highest individual scores
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 12:28 PM IST
In this installment of Counting Down to the World Cup we look at the evolution of the highest individual score, from Dennis Amiss' plod against India in 1975, to Gary Kirsten's opportunistic flagellation of the UAE in 1996.
These Men Have More Runs Than Anybody In International Cricket
Thu 20 Nov, 2014 3:31 PM IST
Presenting the 20,000-run club in international cricket—and the gentlemen who may enter it soon. [ALSO SEE: The Highest Run Scorers of All Time ]
Highest Totals at the World Cup
Wed 19 Nov, 2014 2:28 PM IST
That this list includes no items from the first three editions is clearly indicative of the trend of modern cricket that accords the bat, at least in the shorter formats, an iniquitous advantage over the ball. Smaller grounds, heavier willows, field restrictions and changed mindsets may have the purists … More » Highest Totals at the World Cup

Washington cannot seem to fix Social Security. Maybe you should try.By Martha M. Hamilton September 21
Click to view interactive graphic and to take our poll. (Illustration by Melinda Beck)
Social Security needs fixing. And we’re inviting readers to try their hands at it.
So far politicians haven’t mustered the will to take on the job. Still, there is widespread agreement that it needs to be done and that there are plenty of ways to do it. And the need is growing greater.
In July, the Social Security Trustees produced its annual report, warning of the consequences of inaction: “The urgency of addressing the financial challenges facing both programs is underscored by the fact that the financing shortfall in the … Social Security trust funds has now grown to a size substantially greater, even relative to today’s larger economy, than the shortfall corrected in the landmark bipartisan Social Security amendments of 1983.”
That was the last time serious steps were taking to put Social Security on a firmer footing, including gradually moving back the age at which retirees may collect full benefits to 67 from 65.
The Trustees warned that the Social Security trust fund, where taxes paid by workers and employers are held when they exceed Social Security’s costs, will be depleted and unable to pay full benefits in 2033. At that point, Social Security would be able to pay only 77 percent of currently scheduled benefits with money still coming in from Social Security taxes.
The main problem is demographics. As the baby boom generation continues to retire, there will be more beneficiaries receiving benefits from taxes paid by fewer workers. By 2033, there will be more than 77 million older Americans compared with 46.6 million today, and 2.1 workers for each beneficiary, compared with 2.8 today. And we’re living longer. In 1940, when Social Security was created, average life expectancy for 65 year olds was only into their late 70s. Now, according to  the Social Security Administration, a man aged 65 today can expect to live until age 84.3 on average, and a woman can expect to live to age 86.6. About one in four of today’s 65 year olds will live past age 90, and one in 10 will live past age 95.
There are also economic factors. And the potential crisis coincides with a change in the pension landscape, with fewer retirees having a steady source of income from a traditional pension. Retirees whose savings fall short of what they need and those who have no savings depend on Social Security. For one third of elderly households, it is their only income. In 2013, the average annual income from Social Security was $15,528.
And fixing Social Security gets harder the longer the wait. As the Trustees noted, doing it in a timely way makes it possible “to phase in necessary changes gradually and give workers and beneficiaries time to adjust to them. Implementing changes soon would allow more generations to share in the needed revenue increase or reductions in scheduled benefits.”
So what’s the problem? Mostly it’s political. There’s no will to grapple with the real work of fixing Social Security in election years or in between. And as the ranks of retirees grow, so does their lobbying clout, which will make it harder to reduce any benefits. And it’s plenty strong now.
Take the politics out, and it is much simpler.
“The arithmetic of the problem is not very difficult,” former Director of the Office of Management and Budget and Senior Brookings Fellow Alice Rivlin told an annual meeting on retirement research last year. It requires “tinkering on both sides,” she said.
That is also the premise for The Social Security Fix-It Book produced by Boston College’s Center for Retirement Research, which calls it a cheerfully narrated guide to “everything the earnest but over-burdened citizen needs to know.” As the book notes, the solutions are increasing revenue, cutting benefits or a mix-and-match of the two. We’re asking readers to solve the problem not permanently, but for 75 years, which is Social Security’s planning horizon.
We’ve partnered with the Center for Retirement Research to bring you a list of potential solutions — and their pros and cons — to this looming crisis. So get to it, earnest citizens. Let us see what combination of steps you favor .

More men among toilet-sceptics in IndiaThe Hindu Not having a toilet remains the major problem in sanitation. File Photo
TOPICS
social issue
The figure for households without toilets is 47 per cent for Hindu households as against 31 per cent for Muslims and 16 per cent for Christians and Sikhs, according to NSS data.
Extensive new evidence shows that building toilets alone will not eliminate open defecation in India as not everyone who has access to toilet, especially men, believe that it’s important to use it.
Not having a toilet remains the major problem in sanitation: 60 per cent of rural households and just under 10 per cent of urban households in India do not have access to a toilet, according to new official data from the 68th round of the National Sample Survey (NSS) data. But even among households with access to toilets, some open defecation exists. According to NSS data, two per cent of rural households with access to toilets do not use them. However, researchers Diane Coffey, Aashish Gupta et al of the Research Institute for Compassionate Economics (RICE) found that 7 per cent of households with access to a toilet were not using them. When they looked at households where at least one family member was not using the toilet, the number swelled to 18 per cent.
This number is being driven up by men, who, in all three surveys, reported lower toilet use than women.
“I built the toilet for my youngest daughter-in-law not to feel shame. But I go to the fields – it’s much healthier going there,” Ramavatar, a marginal farmer in Uttar Pradesh’s Fatehpur district, told The Hindu earlier this summer. Such “personal preference” is overwhelmingly the most common reason for not using toilets despite access seen in both NSS and RICE data.
Use of toilets lags among Hindu households
Both access to toilets, and the actual use of the toilet, lags among Hindu households. The figure for households without toilets is 47 per cent for Hindu households as against 31 per cent for Muslims and 16 per cent for Christians and Sikhs, NSS data shows. Among Hindus, Scheduled Tribes, Scheduled Castes and then OBCs have lower access to toilets. A similar pattern exists for the actual use of toilets among religious groups.
Arghyam, a Bangalore-based water and sanitation group, reported similar data in a study of 45 Gram panchayats in Davangere, Karnataka: while half the households had toilets, over a third of those households reported that at least one family member did not use the toilet.
The government is aware of this issue. “We are convinced there are two elements to eliminate open defecation — building toilets, and creating the awareness about of using them,” Sandhya Singh, Joint Director of Nirmal Bharat Abhiyaan, the flagship sanitation scheme for rural areas, told The Hindu.
Class divide
But despite the existence of a national campaign to build subsidised toilets for rural Indians since as far back as 1986, a toilet remains something that money buys. Access to toilet rises systematically by class, the NSSO data shows. The 68th round of the National Sample Survey (NSS) data focused on access to toilets and the use of toilets among a nationally representative sample of over 1 lakh households between 2011 and 2012 data for which was recently made public.
Nearly 80 per cent of all the households with toilets that were surveyed, had constructed their toilets purely with private funds, Dean Spears, health economist with the Delhi School of Economics and Research Institute for Compassionate Economics (RICE), said. Diane Coffey, Aashish Gupta et al of RICE surveyed 3,200 households over five States.
As a result, Mr. Spears and his colleagues have been arguing for cheaper, more basic toilets of the sort widely used in Bangladesh to be promoted in rural India. Arghyam’s research has shown that people widely believe that toilet pits will fill up quickly, and find the thought of cleaning this waste distasteful. “Explaining to people how toilet pits work and offering them solutions for emptying pits should alleviate this,” Radhika Viswanathan, project officer at Arghyam, explained in an email. “Cleaning materials that are easy-to-use and make the job simple will help,” she added.

Germany rules out air strikes  ground troops against ISGermany announced last month to arm and train the Kurdish Peshmerga forces, who are battling IS militants in Iraq.
Press Trust of India | Berlin | Posted: September 22, 2014 1:44 pm | Updated: September 22, 2014 2:50 pm
Germany has ruled out participation in air strikes or any other ground offensive against the Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq, denying reports that it was under pressure to provide air support to the US forces .
“There is no question of German soldiers getting involved in an armed conflict in Iraq,” Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said in a TV interview last night.
Steinmeier denied reports Germany was under pressure to join the US and France in air strikes against the IS in Iraq.
“No, the coalition doesn’t work that way,” he said, adding that the international alliance, which was formed recently to eliminate the threat posed by the jihadist group, will operate on the basis of a “division of labour” and Germany has taken over its responsibilities.
A member of the German army Bundeswehr presents a weapon which is part of a military aid for Iraq during a press event in Waren, northeastern Germany, Thursday, Sept. 18, 2014. (Source: AP)
Germany announced last month to arm and train the Kurdish Peshmerga forces, who are battling IS militants in Iraq.
Alliance partners have appreciated Germany’s decision to supply ‘Milan’ anti-tank missiles, thousands of machine guns, transport vehicles and night vision equipment to the Kurdish forces, he said.
Moreover, German soldiers are involved in distributing humanitarian assistance to the Kurdish provincial capital Irbil, he said.
IS had taken over large swathes of Iraq and Syria since June and declared a Caliphate in areas under their control.
Trucks carry ammunition that the Czech Military is giving to Kurdish Regional Government in Iraq in Pardubice, Czech Republic, Thursday, Sept. 18, 2014. (Source: AP)
Steinmeier stressed the need for an international strategy to degrade and destroy IS.
He also rejected the possibility of cooperation between the West and the Syrian government to combat IS in Syria.
He also voiced his opposition to lifting a ban on the activities of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), even though it had offered to protect Yezidis, Christians and other minorities in Iraq persecuted by the IS militants.

Guests list case: Apex court agrees to consider NGOs pleaGuests list case: Apex court agrees to consider NGO’s plea
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 22:  
In a setback to CBI Director Ranjit Sinha, the Supreme Court today agreed to consider a plea for hearing the allegations levelled against him without knowing the name of the whistleblower in a case relating to controversial entries in the visitors’ diary at his residence.
A Bench headed by Justice H L Dattu sought the assistance of the Special Public Prosecutor (SPP), appointed by it for trial in 2G cases, saying that any order passed by it may have ramifications on multi-crore scam cases.
The Bench agreed to hear the plea of NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation which pleaded for recall of its earlier order asking it to reveal the name of the whistleblower in a sealed envelope.
It turned down the plea of the CBI Director’s counsel Vikas Singh that the apex court should not hear the case any further in view of the NGO refusing to disclose the name of “mole” who leaked the documents, including CBI file notings and the register.
“No, no. We are sorry Mr Vikas,” the Bench said when the CBI counsel pleaded that no order should be passed and he should be heard before passing any direction.
Submitting that there has been no interference on his part in any of the cases probed by CBI, Sinha pleaded that continuance of this case even for a single day would cause more public harm and would affect 2G cases.
The Bench, however, said, “We don’t believe so.”
Singh also contended that the NGO must reveal the name of the “mole”, while submitting that the kind of affidavit filed by the NGO (on allegations against Sinha) should not be permitted as otherwise anyone would be allowed to get away even after making baseless allegations in the apex court.
The court directed that all documents, including CBI files and the visitors’ list register pertaining to the allegations against the top cop, be handed over to SPP Anand Grover, who will go through all the information and assist the court on the next date of hearing on October 10.
At the beginning of the proceedings, senior advocate Dushyant Dave, appearing for the NGO, and Prashant Bhushan tendered an unconditional apology before the apex court for its “inability” to reveal the name of the whistleblower and pleaded for recall of its earlier order on disclosing the name.
Dave further submitted that it is not an attempt at character assassination of the CBI director but the apex court must look into the allegations levelled against him which need to be probed.
Singh also contended that the NGO must reveal the name of the “mole” while submitting that the kind of affidavit filed by the NGO (on allegations against Sinha) should not be permitted as otherwise anyone would be allowed to get away even after making baseless allegations in the apex court.
The court directed that all documents, including CBI files and the visitors’ list register pertaining to the allegations against the top cop, be handed over to SPP Anand Grover, who will go through all the information and assist the court on the next date of hearing on October 10.
At the beginning of the proceedings, senior advocate Dushyant Dave, appearing for the NGO, and Prashant Bhushan tendered an unconditional apology before the apex court for its “inability” to reveal the name of the whistleblower and pleaded for recall of its earlier order on disclosing the name.
Dave further submitted that it is not an attempt at character assassination of the CBI director but the apex court must look into the allegations levelled against him which need to be probed.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Scotland vote - do business and ploitics mixShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Scotland vote - do business and politics mix?
Sep 22, 2014 : Questions have been raised about business leaders making anti-independence statements during the Scottish referendum campaign. Sarah Gordon, Europe business editor, and Jonathan Guthrie, City editor, debate whether political engagement by businesses is acceptable.

Should business leaders have made anti-independence statements in the campaignShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Scotland vote - do business and politics mix?
Sep 22, 2014 : Questions have been raised about business leaders making anti-independence statements during the Scottish referendum campaign. Sarah Gordon, Europe business editor, and Jonathan Guthrie, City editor, debate whether political engagement by businesses is acceptable.

Tesco admits overstating profits by 250m and calls in Deloitte to undertake a reviewShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Tesco overstates first-half profits
Sep 22, 2014 : Tesco has admitted overstating first-half profits by an estimated £250m and called in Deloitte to undertake a ‘comprehensive review’. FT writers Oliver Ralph, Andrea Felsted and Brooke Masters look at the impact on Britain’s biggest retailer by sales.
Links:  Tesco reveals it overstated first-half results by £250m  /  Credits: Filmed by Steve Ager. Produced by Josh de la Mare. Footage from Getty, Reuters and www.freesfx.co.uk.

US makes record $30m whistleblower awardSeptember 22, 2014 10:27 pm
US makes record $30m whistleblower award
By Richard Blackden in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f44a0812-4279-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jhelum of poets muse claims his houseAgha Shahid Ali’s submerged house in Srinagar’s Rajbagh. ( Source: Express photo by Shuaib Masoodi )
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | Srinagar | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:51 am
The Jhelum flowed through many of Kashmiri poet Agha Shahid Ali’s poems. “When I return, the colours won’t be so brilliant, the Jhelum’s waters so clean, so ultramarine. My love so overexposed”, he wrote. Shahid’s home, his wooden desk, a rocking chair, books and papers are now under Jhelum waters.
This hut of a house of two floors, lower than the nearby road, and nestled in a wild garden in Rajbagh had become the international address for Kashmir’s literary scene. Shahid, who brought into focus Kashmir’s tumult through his poems, grew up here. He later kept returning from the US where he taught at Amherst College till his death in 2001.
A piece of old architecture, this house was Shahid’s last memory in his home city. Its rooms and the hundreds of documents, photographs and books they contained were a reminder of the poet who introduced the ghazal form to English. Today all is submerged and probably destroyed. When Shahid’s father Agha Ashraf Ali was rescued from the house in a rush, nothing else could be saved.
While the deluge has ravaged Srinagar’s roads, buildings and homes, it has also taken away something more precious — invaluable parts of Kashmir’s history and culture. Flood waters have entered the government archives, cultural academy, the building housing Srinagar’s museum and several other libraries. The flood has also destroyed scores of private collections of texts, rare religious manuscripts, letters and other important connection to Kashmir’s past. 
A mile from Shahid’s home, the Valley’s best known artist Masood Hussain said he could only save his latest work: seven paintings based on Shahid’s seven couplets that he had promised the poet before his death. “When the flood came, it submerged everything in my neighbourhood,’’ Hussain said. “My brother had two rubber boats but in those hours of crisis, I forgot everything and helped rescue some 40 people. Several houses around my home collapsed.”
A Kashmiri journalist had a 250-year-old copy of the Quran that had been passed from generations in his family. He could not take it out when the flood rushed into his house in Rajbagh. A resident of Tulsibagh had letters from 1890, documenting those times, preserved in his home. They are gone too.
Idrees Kanth, who is researching Kashmir’s social history for his PhD at Leiden University in Amsterdam, said the loss is irreparable. “Many people in Kashmir had private archives. The sudden onset of flood left them no chance to save the precious material, Kanth said. “It’s not just lives and property we have lost, we have lost a part of our history too.”
He said he was praying the government’s archives are safe. “There are 20 lakh files in the archives, which aren’t even indexed. We may never know what has been lost continued…

Buy Wipro  Sell Infosys Today: Sanjeev BhasinThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
A last-hour rally surprised most investors on the Street yesterday, but that means the Nifty is likely to be volatile on Tuesday. Indian stock markets have not been reacting to weak global cues, but expiry-related pressures could be witnessed today.
For the Nifty, 8,050 should act as support and 8,150 as resistance as of now. A break on either side could accentuate the Nifty trend.
These pair trades should do well with a 2/3 day timeframe,
1) Buy Wipro: 578-583, stop loss 567, target 609
2) Sell Infosys: 3630-3670, stop loss 3715, target 3510
Also carrying previous trades as under,
3) Sell Canara Bank: 393-397, stop loss 401, target 378
4) Sell Bank of India: 288-293, stop loss 298, target 274
5) Buy L&T: 1570-1577, stop loss 1525, target 1640
6) Buy Adani Enterprises: 508-513, stop loss 495, target 540
Book profit in NBCC, recommended around 225 and 470. The stock has hit its target of 700-750.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 08:29 (IST)

China factory reading soothes Asia stocksStocks weak as risk appetite crumbles
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bb99ed8-42ce-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asia Relieved as China Flash PMI Beats Low ExpectationsYou are here: Home Market
Asia Relieved as China Flash PMI Beats Low Expectations
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 09:37 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Sydney: Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday while commodities won a break from recent selling pressure after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0.
The market had been braced for something even worse and the relief helped Chinese stocks move into the black and the Australian dollar blip higher. The Asian giant is Australia's single biggest export market and investors often use the currency as a liquid proxy for China plays.
Annette Beacher, head of Asia-Pacific research at TD Securities, noted the flash PMIs had averaged 50.9 for the third quarter, a pickup over the previous quarter's 49.6.
"After the dismal industrial production print for August, financial markets were increasingly of the view that China is slowing at a more rapid pace than desired, so today's print provides a welcome offset," said Beacher.
The Shanghai Composite Index added 0.6 per cent and the CSI300 of the leading Shanghai and Shenzhen A-share listings bounced 0.7 per cent.
Australia's main index rallied to be up 0.5 per cent, though the best that MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan could manage was to turn flat. Japanese markets were shut for a holiday.
Hindering sentiment was news the United States and partner nations were carrying out the first air strikes against Islamic State targets in Syria, a far more complicated front in the battle against militants.
Shares had begun badly after Wall Street took a dip overnight. The Dow had ended Monday down 0.62 per cent, while the S&P 500 lost 0.8 percent and the Nasdaq 1.14 per cent.
The drop in the S&P was the biggest one-day decline since early August and was caused in part by a soft reading on US existing home sales which hit shares in building companies.
US dollar in demand
The soggy data gave a fillip to Treasuries, as did comments from New York Federal Reserve bank president William Dudley that there was still excessive slack in the economy so any increase in rates should be done cautiously.
Dudley played down the importance of the various interest rate projections of Fed members released last week which some in the market had taken as a signal of a hawkish turn.
That helped yields on two-year paper ease back to 0.553 per cent and away from a top of 0.597 hit last week.
Yields on 10-year Treasury notes dipped to 2.56 per cent, from 2.59 per cent late Friday.
Dudley also said the steady rise in the dollar could complicate the Fed's job, potentially hurting US economic performance and pushing down inflation.
The currency has been on a tear recently thanks to the diverging outlook for US rates and those in Europe and Japan, where policy is set to remain super-easy and might even be loosened further.
Measured against a basket of currencies the dollar had climbed for 10 weeks straight, the longest streak since the index was created in 1971.
On Tuesday, the dollar was taking a breather at 108.74 yen after peaking at a six-year high of 109.46 last week. The euro was hanging on at $1.2852 having been at its lowest since July last year at $1.2814.
The Australian dollar recouped just a little of its recent losses on the China survey and nudged up to $0.8893.
Likewise, gold inched higher to $1,218.04, having touched its lowest since January at $1,208.36 on Monday.
Brent crude oil for November delivery bounced 32 cents to 97.29 a barrel, having fallen sharply overnight to be uncomfortably close to its recent trough of $96.21. US crude rose 40 cents to $91.27 a barrel.
Ample supply and slowing economic growth in Europe and China had been outweighing expectations of a cut in oil output from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

JSW Steel to Import 10 Million Tonne of Iron Ore Due to Local Shortage: ReportSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi:
JSW Steel Ltd, India's third-largest maker of the alloy, will import 10 million tonnes of iron ore this fiscal year due to a shortage in domestic market, a senior official said on Tuesday.
The company, led by billionaire Sajjan Jindal, had earlier planned to import 6 million tonnes in the fiscal year through March 31.
A TV news channel had earlier reported the news.
"After having seen a severe shortage in India and unreasonable prices in the country, we have now decided to increase our imports to 10 million tonnes," JSW's Joint Managing Director Seshagiri Rao told to the news channel.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

India international bullion summit to be held in MumbaiIndia international bullion summit to be held in Mumbai
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
The second edition of India International Bullion Summit (IIBS) will be organised here by the India Bullion and Jewellers’ Association on October 4 and 5.
To commemorate its 66th foundation day, India Bullion and Jewellers’ Association Ltd (IBJA), the apex body of bullion and jewellery associations in the country, will host the summit, a statement issued here said.
“India is currently the major market for bullion and jewellery, we are looking forward to the increased and active participation from all over the world at this summit where eminent industry leaders, both domestic and international, would share their thoughts and also address some of the critical issues,” IIBS President Mohit Kamboj said.
Over 2,000 delegates from India and countries like Hong Kong, UAE, the UK and Turkey are expected to participate in the two-day deliberations on important and relevant topics such as FDI investment in bullion and jewellery industry, and changes needed in gold policy, Kamboj said.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Bumper listing: Sharda Cropchem surges 70%Sharda Cropchem lists at 75% premium to issue price
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 10.37AM IST
Tags:
( It surged 75.64 per cent,…)
MUMBAI: Sharda Cropchem, a crop protection chemical company, is holding onto intraday gains after a bumper listing.
At 12:45 p.m; the stock was at Rs 232.15, up 48.81 per cent, on the NSE. It surged 75.64 per cent, from its issue price of Rs 156, to touch all-time high of Rs 274 earlier in the day.
Sharda is engaged in marketing and distribution of wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally. It sources formulations/active ingredients from third party (primarily, China) for onward sale.
"About two years back we were 100% export oriented company, so 100% revenue was coming from exports. Two years back we acquired a small marketing company in India that is contributing to about 3 per cent of our revenue. Balance 97 per cent is coming from the exports," said RBV Bubna, MD, Sharda Cropchem in an interview to ET Now.
According to analysts at Ashika Research, the company has a strong balance sheet with healthy return ratios. It has maintained a focus on capital efficiency and has a conservative debt policy. It has the ability to leverage the balance sheet to take advantage of a favourable business cycle or market opportunity.
"It has strong return on capital employed (RoCE) of 25 per cent and return on equity (RoE) of close to 20 per cent. The net working capital days have also improved over the last four years and at the end of FY2014 the net working capital days stood at 99 days as compared with 143 days in FY2010," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1ynyuAgFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Entrepreneurs' 9-to-5 drill is a thing of the past
The challenge of being able to work when, where, and how we want is that it puts the onus on each of us to draw a line.
Post to Facebook
Entrepreneurs' 9-to-5 drill is a thing of the past The challenge of being able to work when, where, and how we want is that it puts the onus on each of us to draw a line. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uz0niu
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Entrepreneurs' 9-to-5 drill is a thing of the past
Steve Strauss, for USA TODAY 3:42 p.m. EDT September 24, 2014
Back in the 90s, folks went into an office, started work around 9, knocked off around 5, and called it a day. How quaint.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
43 CONNECT 51 TWEET 14 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
One of the recurring themes of this column over the years has been the fast-changing nature of work because the very way in which do business has undergone tectonic shifts in the past generation. I want to re-visit this issue again because it seems to me that we are on the cusp of yet another big change, and so in this column and the next, we are going to look at the Next Big Thing in work:
Whether you know it or not, and whether you like it or not, you are now an entrepreneur. This is true whether you are self-employed, work for a small business, are unemployed, are a middle manager, or are a corporate executive.
Today, we are all entrepreneurs (or better be).
A little background for context:
Back in the 90s, work was still a fairly traditional experience; generally speaking, folks went into an office, started work around 9, knocked off around 5, and called it a day.
How quaint.
The advent of the Internet age began to change all that of course, starting with e-email. Seemingly overnight, spam became a significant issue and over-crowded inboxes became both the norm and the bane of our existence. Dealing with email meant that we started to work at odd times.
The good news though was that the Internet also leveled the playing field, especially for entrepreneurs:
•         First, no longer did small businesses have to look small. Having a great Web presence meant that we could look every bit as big as our biggest competitor. For the first time ever, a small business could – really and affordably – compete with a big business.
•         Additionally, this new e-conomy also meant that any small business could be a global business. It used to be that only the East India Trading Companies of the world could conduct business globally, but no longer. The Internet made it so that any business, no matter how small, could find customers and partners all over the world. This too was a radical shift for the better.
More broadly, not long thereafter, the combination of laptops, wireless broadband, and – just maybe – Starbucks, meant that people could work on the go. And work on the go they did. Employers and employees alike seemed to love the freedom that came with being unchained from the desk, mobile, wireless, free.
Right.
Little did we know it, but that wireless connection and those fancy new smartphones meant that not only could we work anywhere, anytime, but, too often, we were expected to work anywhere and anytime. (Who expected that? Mostly ourselves, but still.) On vacation with the family? Oh well, I can still check my email, right?
The challenge of being able to work when, where, and how we want is that it puts the onus on each of us to draw a line. Just because you can work anywhere or any time, it doesn't mean that you should.  As such, one of the biggest work issues for people today is that finding the right work-life balance is a real challenge.
One thing you will also notice is that the main reason for these changes in the way we work has been technology. Technology has enabled us to do more, faster, cheaper, and often better. And this, in turn, this has helped fuel an entrepreneurial renaissance, especially in the tech world, but not just there.
Once upon a time, big business was big. But no longer. Today, entrepreneurs, entrepreneurship, and entrepreneurial thinking are where the juice is. Entrepreneurs are the new rock stars of business. Whether it is finding the next Facebook, or the hot Kickstarter, or just the startup down the street, entrepreneurship is where it's at now. One of ABC's hit shows, after all, is Shark Tank, and HBO's hot new show is Silicon Valley -- and Alibaba just broke records for an IPO.
What this means for you is that you need to think entrepreneurially too – about your business, your career, your path.
Next week – how to think like an entrepreneur.
Steve Strauss, @Steve Strauss on Twitter, is a lawyer specializing in small business and entrepreneurship. E-mail Steve at: sstrauss@mrallbiz.com. His website is TheSelfEmployed .
43 CONNECT 51 TWEET 14 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uz0niu
USA NOW
Marion Barry, former D.C. mayor, passes away at age 78
Nov 23, 2014

Nifty struggles below 8150 ahead of F&O expiry; HUL up 1%Sep 23, 2014, 12.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty struggles below 8150 ahead of F&O expiry; HUL up 1%
Bajaj Auto, Maruti, BHEL, HUL and Wipro are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hindalco, M&M, Cipla, Bharti Airtel and Tata Steel.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty struggles below 8150 ahead of F&O expiry; HUL up 1%
Bajaj Auto, Maruti, BHEL, HUL and Wipro are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hindalco, M&M, Cipla, Bharti Airtel and Tata Steel.
Post your opinion here
11:09
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:50 am Market outlook: Gautam Chhaochharia, Head of India Research at UBS remains bullish in India and retains his official target of 8000 for Nifty by December 2014. From the next year perspective, UBS is comfortable that earnings momentum will be back to match the estimates, which has been missing over the last 3-4 years.
"We don’t have forecast but we do remain constructive in that context," he said. UBS has high conviction on cyclical recovery in India and remains positive on Voltas , Crompton Greaves and Carborundum . Chhaochharia feels financial sector will be a big bet as valuations look attractive. In the segment, he is bullish on LIC Housing Finance and Shriram Transport . He also remains bullish on oil and gas over the next 6-12 months on macro triggers and reasonable valuations.
11:30 am Buzzing: Investors have consistently been buying shares of National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) after Nomura initiated buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1,049, implying a 49 percent upside. The stock rallied as much as 8 percent intraday to touch a record high of Rs 765 on the Bombay Stock Exchange. It surged 400 percent in 2014 (year-to-date).
The brokerage believes strong growth prospects with an asset light business model will drive further re-rating for the stock.
"NBCC enjoys negative working capital (and a cash-rich balance sheet) and passes on risks to subvendors on back-to-back contracts, thus remaining asset light," it explained.
 Don't miss: Realty stocks under pressure, Delhi home rates to rise
The market is under pressure ahead of August F&O expiry. The Sensex is down 55.16 points at 27151.58 and the Nifty is down 17.15 points at 8129.15. About 1110 shares have advanced, 1295 shares declined, and 105 shares are unchanged.
Bajaj Auto, Maruti, BHEL, HUL and Wipro are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hindalco, M&M, Cipla, Bharti Airtel and Tata Steel.
It’s a welcoming reception for Sharda Cropchem that debuted on the bourses with a premium of over 70 percent.
Globally, Asian markets bounced back after the Chinese flash HSBC PMI came in better than estimates. China's manufacturing sector expanded at a slightly faster pace in September even as employment fell to a 5-1/2-year low, a preliminary HSBC survey showed. The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2, beating a Reuters poll forecast of 50.
The employment sub-index fell to 46.9, a low not seen since February 2009. A hefty drop in employment could raise alarm bells for the Chinese government, which has indicated it will tolerate slower economic growth as long as employment is not affected.
 

Apple sells 10 mn iPhone 6  6 plus in first three daysApple sells 10 mn iPhone 6, 6 plus in first three days
Reuters |  Sep 23, 2014 09:00 AM IST
Apple Inc said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after its new models went on sale on Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones with larger displays.
Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company could have sold even more iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models if supplies had been available.
Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhones, after Apple booked record pre-orders of 4 million on September 12, the day pre-orders opened.
Apple's shares were little changed at $101.03 in early trading on the Nasdaq on Monday.
The company's first-quarter revenue is likely to be 9 per cent higher than Wall Street estimates, based on reported sales and projected demand for the new iPhones, Piper Jaffray & Co analyst Gene Munster wrote in a note. He said he expected earnings per share to be 12 per cent higher than estimates.
"Despite the supply chain constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus and tightness around certain models of the iPhone 6, we believe (Monday's) strong print demonstrates that Apple executed extremely well in the face of severe supply constraints," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a note.
First-day pre-orders of the new phones, which went on sale in 10 countries, far surpassed the 2 million first-day pre-orders for the iPhone 5 model two years ago.
"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill orders as quickly as possible," Cook said in a statement.
Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries, including China, in the first weekend they were available.
Sales of the latest models in China, the world's largest smartphone market, have been delayed by regulatory issues.
Apple sold 5 million iPhone 5 handsets, 4 million iPhone 4S models and 1.7 million iPhone 4 units during the first weekend.
The company said last week that many US customers would have to wait until next month for their new iPhones due to strong demand.
Apple routinely faces iPhone supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a re-design.
The new iPhones will be available in 20 more countries on September 26, Apple said.
The shipment levels are positive, given that iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are not initially available in China, unlike iPhone 5S and 5C models, Stifel Nicolaus & Co analyst Aaron Rakers wrote in a note.
Rakers noted that the latest models would be available in 115 countries by the end of this year compared with 100 for iPhone 5S and 5C.

Hong Kong students take anti-Beijing strike to governmentheadquartersStudents stage a rally at the Chinese University of Hong Kong campus in Hong Kong, (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Hong Kong | Posted: September 23, 2014 11:56 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 12:42 pm
 
Hong Kong students took their anti-Beijing strike to the government headquarters on Tuesday, with hundreds gathering at the harbourside complex to protest against China’s refusal to grant full democracy to the city.
Organisers said 13,000 university students massed at a northern campus on Monday to launch a week-long boycott of classes, a strong showing that breathed new life into the democracy campaign which had been stunned by Beijing’s hardline stance.
Activists have said the student protest marks the start of a campaign of civil disobedience to protest against China’s plan to vet nominees for the leadership of the former British colony, dashing hopes for full universal suffrage at the 2017 polls.
There were unruly scenes as a group of students rushed towards Hong Kong’s leader, chief executive Leung Chun-ying, when he emerged from the building after holding a press conference.
Security officials held the students back as they tried to speak with Leung, and escorted them from the grounds as dozens of media joined the melee.
“We have paid close attention to the demands for the election in 2017 by the university students,” Leung had said at the press conference, adding that Beijing’s proposals were an improvement on the current state of democracy.
“You can see that he has no intention of having a dialogue with the students,” said Alex Chow, chairman of the Hong Kong Federation of Students and one of the activists who ran up to Leung.
Chow threatened an escalation of the protest action if Leung refuses to speak with students within 48 hours.
Despite the warnings, the park outside the Hong Kong government’s Tamar headquarters was taking on a carnival atmosphere as protesters trickled in under the summer sun, to attend a programme including lectures on the lawns.
“The government officials, the legislators, they can look out their window and see us calling for true democracy,” 20-year-old political science student Ester Wong told AFP.
“Someone needs to take the lead in showing the government they’re wrong, and this time it’s up to the students,” said Ryan Lo, 19, a theatre student.
“We oppose the Chinese government trying to limit the freedoms Hong Kong people deserve,” Lo said.
Tensions in Hong Kong are at their highest in years, fuelled by rising inequality as well as Beijing’s perceived political interference in the affairs of the semi-autonomous territory.

Nasa keen on sharing MAVEN data for Mangalyaan | ISRO close to creating historyNasa says keen on sharing MAVEN data with India's Mangalyaan probe
By Agencies | 23 Sep, 2014, 11.51AM IST
The data from MAVEN spacecraft aims to help scientists understand what happened to the water on Mars and the carbon dioxide in its atmosphere.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Nasa's MAVEN spacecraft began orbiting Mars on Sunday, on a mission to study how the Red Planet's climate changed over time from warm and wet to cold and dry. The unmanned e orbiter has traveled more than 10 months and 442 million miles (711 million kilometers) to reach Mars for a first-of-its kind look at the planet's upper atmosphere. "Wow, what a night.
You get one shot with Mars orbit insertion and MAVEN nailed it tonight," said project manager David Mitchell. The data from the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN) spacecraft aims to help scientists understand what happened to the water on Mars and the carbon dioxide in its atmosphere several billion years ago.How Mars lost its atmosphere is one of science's biggest sphere is one of science's biggest mysteries. The answers could shed light on the planet's potential to support life -even if that was just microbial life -long ago.
MAVEN's findings are also expected to help add to knowledge of how humans could survive on a future visit to the Red Planet, perhaps as early as 2030."Mars is a cool place , but there is not much atmosphere," said John Clarke of the MAVEN science team."It is very cold, it is well below zero.The atmosphere is about half a percent of what we are breathing," he added. "But we know that Mars could change and it was probably different in the past. There is a lot of evidence of flowing water on the surface from Mars' ancient history."
Next, MAVEN will enter a six-week phase for tests. It will then begin a one-year mission of studying the gases in Mars' upper atmosphere."We are looking at early November as the official start of science," said MAVEN principal investigator Bruce Jakosky.
Much of MAVEN's year-long mission will be spent circling the planet 3,730 miles above the surface. An Indian spacecraft, Mangalyaan, is expected to reach Mars."We are anxiously awaiting the arrival in two days of Mangalyaanand we are hoping for their success," said Jakosky."We are sending them the best wishes from the entire MAVEN team ."

US  partners begin airstrikes in SyriaUpdated: September 24, 2014 01:02 IST
U.S. launches air strikes in Syria against IS
Narayan Lakshman
Reuters A Turkish soldier stands guard as Syrian Kurds wait behind the border fence as Kurdish militants have issued a call to arms against Islamic State.
TOPICS
armed conflict
Says it has destroyed or damaged fighters and training compounds using bombers and missiles
The U.S. along with Arab allies launched air strikes against the Islamic State in Syria late on Monday, according to a Pentagon statement.
The action is being seen here as consistent with President Barack Obama’s recent promise to “degrade and ultimately destroy,” the group that now controls vast tracts of Syria and Iraq.
Pentagon Press Secretary Adm. John Kirby said on Tuesday that 14 air strikes were carried out against IS targets — many in the vicinity of Raqqa, the group’s stronghold in northern Syria — using “a mix of fighter and bomber aircraft and Tomahawk Land Attack missiles.”
It said the strikes “destroyed or damaged multiple ISIL targets in the vicinity of Ar Raqqah, Dayr az Zawr, Al Hasakah, and Abu Kamal and included ISIL fighters, training compounds, headquarters and command and control facilities, storage facilities, a finance centre, supply trucks and armed vehicles.”
Read: Obama's Syrian dilemma
In a statement on Tuesday, moments before he left for New York to attend the United Nations General Assembly, Mr. Obama emphasised that Washington was one among a broad coalition of nations fighting IS, including Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Jordan, Bahrain, and Qatar.
He said, “The strength of this coalition makes it clear to the world that this is not America’s fight alone. Above all, the people and governments in the Middle East are rejecting ISIL and standing up for the peace and security that the people of the region and the world deserve.”
The President added that in total, over 40 nations had offered to help in a comprehensive effort to confront this terrorist threat.
While India is not on the list of nations comprising this effort, Mr. Obama is expected to bring up the question of participation when he meets Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Washington on September 29.

Tata Motors outperforms peers on upgrade by brokeragesTata Motors outperforms peers on upgrade by brokerages
JB Chemicals & Pharma allots shares; stock flatJB Chemicals & Pharma allots shares; stock flat
Sensex drops 68 points; realty  metal  oil & gas fallSensex drops 68 points; realty  metal  oil & gas fall
Bank of China to Sell Bond Fund in EuropeBank of China to Sell Bond Fund in Europe
Diwali high! Jewellery stocks surge 48%; here s what experts sayDiwali high! Jewellery stocks surge 48%; here s what experts say
US raps at India s intellectual property regimeUS raps at India s intellectual property regime
Indian Women Shoot Bronze in 25m PistolIndian Women Shoot Bronze in 25m Pistol
Dollar-rupee futures gain 6 paise against dollarDollar-rupee futures gain 6 paise against dollar
NBCC at new high  up 400% YTD; Nomura still sees 49% upsideNBCC at new high  up 400% YTD; Nomura still sees 49% upside
IFCI gains on plan to pare stake in TFCIFCI gains on plan to pare stake in TFC
Police barricade roads as RLD supporters converge for meetPolice barricade roads as RLD supporters converge for meet
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
Police today barricaded several roads in the Lutyens zone and shut down Race Course Road metro station to prevent protesters from reaching the 12 Tughlaq Road bungalow for a planned meeting to demand that the bungalow be converted into a memorial to former prime minister Charan Singh.
Police said the gathering was “illegal” and all those trying to participate in the ‘Jat Mahapanchayt’ will be detained.
The barricading of major roads around Tughlaq Road caused traffic snarls in various parts of central and south Delhi in the morning rush hour. The cascading effect was felt at INA, Teen Murti, Aurangzeb Road, Rajesh Pilot Road and several other roundabouts as traffic remained heavy.
The bungalow is currently occupied by Charan Singh’s son RLD chief Ajit Singh, who has refused to vacate the Government property and has demanded that the bungalow be converted into a memorial to his father.
The Government, however, rejected the demand, saying the Union Cabinet in 2000 had banned conversion of Government bungalows into memorials.
According to a Delhi Traffic Police official, Prithviraj Road and Safdarjung Road were open for traffic but roads around Tughlaq Road, including Arvindo Chowk, have been shut down for normal traffic.
Singh, who lost the recently held election, was served the eviction notice and electricity supply to the sprawling bungalow was disconnected by the authorities last week.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Ebola cases to triple to 20 000 by Nov if no significant action taken: WHOEbola cases to triple to 20,000 by Nov if no significant action taken: WHO
PTI
Tweet
Geneva, Sept 23:  
The number of Ebola infections will triple to 20,000 by November, soaring by the thousands every week if efforts are not significantly stepped up to stop the outbreak, the WHO warned today.
“Without drastic improvement in control measures, the numbers of cases and deaths from Ebola are expected to continue increasing from hundreds to thousands per week in the coming months,” the World Health Organization said in a study.
The current outbreak in West Africa has already claimed more than 2,800 lives and infected more than 5,800 people.
But the WHO study forecasts that if no significant action is taken, “the cumulative number of confirmed and probable cases by November 2 ... will be 5,925 in Guinea, 9,939 in Liberia and 5,063 in Sierra Leone’’.
The total for those three countries alone will therefore surpass 20,000 cases, said the study published in the New England Journal of Medicine today.
That would also translate to a jump in the number of deaths as the experts suggest that the fatality in the current outbreak is much higher than the widely estimated one in two.
If only cases of deaths and recovery were taken into account, the fatality rate stands at about 71 per cent, the study showed.
“We are seeing exponential growth and we need to act now,” said Christopher Dye, co-author of the study jointly carried out with the Imperial College in London.
“If we don’t stop the epidemic very soon, this is going to turn from a disaster into a catastrophe,” he told reporters in Geneva, warning that the epidemic might simply “rumble on as it has for the last few months for the next few years’’.
“The fear is that Ebola will become more or less a permanent feature of the human population,” warned Dye, who is the UN health agency’s head of strategy.
Ebola fever causes severe muscle pain, vomiting, diarrhoea and — in many cases — unstoppable internal and external bleeding.
It is one of the deadliest viruses known to man, and the current outbreak, which quietly began in southern Guinea last December, has by far killed more than all other Ebola outbreaks combined.
Prior to the current epidemic, the deadliest outbreak was the very first one on record, in Democratic Republic of Congo in 1976, when 280 people died.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Juicy history in Brazilian bananas bidChiquita tussle is juicy twist in Latin America’s banana history
By Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d3976c8c-416f-11e4-a7b3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal India has so far Signed Fuel Supply Pacts for 161 Power UnitsYou are here: Home Corporates
Coal India has so far Signed Fuel Supply Pacts for 161 Power Units
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 22, 2014 14:49 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: State-owned Coal India Ltd (CIL) has so far entered into fuel supply pacts with 161 power units for a capacity of 73,675 MW.
"Out of 78,000 MW capacity as on date, CIL (Coal India Ltd) has signed 161 FSAs (fuel supply agreements) for a capacity of 73,675 MW," according to a Coal India document.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) had earlier directed for coal supplies in respect of power projects worth 78,000 MW capacity, it said. As many as 172 FSAs are to be signed in this regard.
The status of the pending 11 FSAs was reviewed in the meeting of the standing linkage committee held last month, it said.
As many as 177 letters of assurance (LoA) were issued by CIL and its subsidiaries for power projects to be commissioned during 11th and 12th Plan. The letters cover a capacity of about 1,08,000 MW projects, it added.
The Coal Ministry had earlier said that CIL is yet to enter into fuel supply pacts with some of the power units as issues like change in ownership and extension of coal supplies are still being examined by it.
Two deadlines set for the signing of FSAs by CIL with the power producers could not be adhered to. The government had set the deadline of August 31, 2013 for signing of the FSAs, which could not be met. The second deadline was set for September, last year.
As of 2:34 p.m., shares in Coal India were trading at Rs 343.40 apiece on the BSE, down 0.71 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 14:37 (IST)

Thousands take part in march ahead of UN climate meetpicture  others
Thousands take part in march ahead of UN climate meet
More than 100,000 people march through midtown Manhattan on Sunday as part of the People's Climate March, a worldwide mobilization calling on world leaders meeting at the UN to commit to urgent action on climate change and 100% clean energy in New York. (Source: AP)
More than 100,000 people march through midtown Manhattan on Sunday, Sept. 21, 2014 as part of the People's Climate March. (Source: AP)
Stilt walkers join the People’s Climate on Sunday in Bogota, Colombia.
An estimated 5,000 people from Bogota took part in the march, which was part of the largest global climate mobilisation in history with 580,000 people participating in 2646 events in 156 countries. (Source: AP)
A man carries a banner during the People's Climate March in New York. (Source: AP)
Bird-shaped kites are held in the air as demonstrators make their way down Sixth Avenue during the People's Climate March. (Source: AP)
Demonstrators arrive at the Brandenburg Gate during the People's Climate March in Berlin, Germany.
An estimated 15,000 Berliners took part in the march, which was part of the largest global climate mobilisation in history with 580,000 people participating in 2646 events in 156 countries. (Source: AP)
Demonstrators make their way down Sixth Avenue in New York during the People's Climate March.
The march, along with similar gatherings scheduled in other cities worldwide, comes two days before the United Nations Climate Summit, where more than 120 world leaders will convene for a meeting aimed at galvanizing political will for a new global climate treaty by the end of 2015. (Source: AP)
Actor and activist Mark Ruffalo, center left, and actor Leonardo DiCaprio, center right, join participants during the People's Climate March in New York. (Source: AP)
People fill the street during the People's Climate March in New York.
Tens of thousands of activists walked through Manhattan on Sunday, warning that climate change is destroying the Earth — in stride with demonstrators around the world who urged policymakers to take quick action. (Source: AP)
Demonstrators make their way down Sixth Avenue in New York during the People's Climate March Sunday. (Source: AP)
A child smiles during the People's Climate March at Ipanema beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Sunday. (Source: AP)
Demonstrators make their way down Sixth Avenue in New York during the People's Climate March. (Source: AP)
An activist wearing a mask with the face of German Chancellor Angela Merkel dances during the silent climate parade of the People's Climate March in Berlin, Germany. (Source: AP)
Demonstrators march in the rain at Ipanema beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
An estimated 4,000 people from Rio de Janeiro took part in the march, which was part of the largest global climate mobilisation in history with 580,000 people participating in 2646 events in 156 countries. (Source: AP)
Related

Alibaba IPO ranks as world s biggestAlibaba IPO ranks as world's biggest after additional shares sold
Reuters –  Mon 22 Sep, 2014 5:12 PM IST
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd founder Jack Ma (C) rings a ceremonial bell to start trading during his company's initial public offering (IPO) under the ticker "BABA" at the New York Stock Exchange in New York September 19, 2014. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
By Elzio Barreto
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Alibaba's (BABA.N) initial public offering now ranks as the world's biggest at $25 billion, netting underwriters of the sale a more than $300 million windfall after the e-commerce giant and some shareholders parted with additional shares.
The fees are equivalent to 1.2 percent of the total deal, with Alibaba paying $121.8 million in commissions. Selling shareholders are set to pay another $178.6 million, according to a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday.
Overwhelming demand saw the IPO initially raise $21.8 billion, and then sent Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's stock surging 38 percent in its debut on Friday. That prompted underwriters to exercise an option to sell an additional 48 million shares, a source with direct knowledge of the deal said.
That means the IPO has surpassed a previous global record set by Agricultural Bank of China Ltd  in 2010, when the lender raised $22.1 billion.
According to its prospectus, Alibaba had agreed to sell 26.1 million additional shares under the option, and Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) an additional 18.3 million, netting the two companies an extra $1.8 billion and $1.2 billion respectively.
Alibaba's Jack Ma had agreed under the same option to sell an extra 2.7 million shares and company co-founder Joe Tsai agreed to 902,782 additional shares.
The source declined to be identified as the details of the additional sale have yet to be made official.
Alibaba declined to comment.
Citigroup Inc (C.N), Credit Suisse Group AG (CSGN.VX), Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE), Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N), JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and Morgan Stanley (MS.N) acted as joint bookrunners of the IPO.
Rothschild was hired as Alibaba's independent financial advisor on the deal.
(Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Denny Thomas, Edwina Gibbs and Clara Ferreira Marques)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Oil Min again extends deadline for comments on rev sharingSep 22, 2014, 07.17 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Oil Min again extends deadline for comments on rev sharing
The Ministry had on August 21 floated a model revenue- sharing contract for exploration and production of oil and gas and sought comments from stakeholders by September 10. It on September 11 extended the deadline to September 20. The same has now been extended till month-end.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Oil Min again extends deadline for comments on rev sharing
The Ministry had on August 21 floated a model revenue- sharing contract for exploration and production of oil and gas and sought comments from stakeholders by September 10. It on September 11 extended the deadline to September 20. The same has now been extended till month-end.
Post your opinion here
 
The Petroleum Ministry has once  again extended the deadline for seeking comments on a simpler revenue sharing contract which it wants to replace the present Production Sharing Contracts (PSC) with.
The Ministry had on August 21 floated a model revenue- sharing contract for exploration and production of oil and gas and sought comments from stakeholders by September 10. It on September 11 extended the deadline to September 20. The same has now been extended till month-end.
"...the timeline for receiving comments on draft Model Revenue Sharing Contract (MRSC) has been extended up to September 30, 2014," a ministry orders said.  No reason was assigned for the extension.
 
Besides suggesting doubling of natural gas prices, a Committee headed by C Rangarajan had suggested moving to a  revenue sharing regime where companies bid upfront the quantity of oil and gas they will share with the government for winning an exploration acreage.
The ministry accepted this in-principle, and floated a MRSC.
MRSC will replace the current practice of companies getting blocks by bidding maximum work programme and then recovering all of their investment before sharing profits with the government. This model was criticised by CAG which said it encouraged companies to keep raising cost so as to postpone higher share of profits to the government.
In the new regime, the companies will have to indicate the quantity of oil and gas they will share with the government at different stages of production as well as at different rates.
"The Government's revenue share of crude oil and/or natural gas shall be determined based on a two dimensional production-price matrix, where Government's revenue share with the contractor(s) shall be linked to the average daily production in a month and average oil and gas prices in a month," the draft MRSC said.
Besides quoting the quantity they will share with the government at different levels of production, the companies would also quote the quantum at different price levels - less than USD 100 per barrel, USD 100-125, USD 125-150 and more than USD 150 per barrel for oil and for gas in bands of less than USD 6 per million British thermal unit rate, USD 6-10, USD 10-14 and more than USD 14 per mmBtu.
The production levels for onland, shallow offshore and deepwater have been proposed at different tranches. Companies will have to bid the amount they will share with the government at different levels of production as well as different rates for oil and gas.
"In the matrix, production is linked to sliding scale (incremental) production tranche and price is linked to fixed scale price band," the draft MRSC said.
RELATED NEWS

Apple sells record 10m iPhone 6 modelsApple sells record 10m iPhone 6 models in first weekend
By Daniel Thomas in London and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/281475f2-425b-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks hope for ballot blow to Dodd-Frank© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cec60556-3db4-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barclays faces record 38m FCA fineBarclays faces record £38m fine over client money safeguards
By Martin Arnold and Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6e0e88ea-4288-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Germany s Merck to Buy US Firm Sigma-Aldrich for $17 BillionSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: German drug maker Merck KGaA will acquire US-based Sigma-Aldrich, led by Indian-origin CEO Rakesh Sachdev, for $17 billion in an all cash deal.
"Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, will acquire all of the outstanding shares of Sigma-Aldrich for $140 per share in cash. The agreed price represents a 37 per cent premium to the latest closing price of $102.37 on September 19...," Sigma-Aldrich said in a statement on Monday.
"The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's EPS pre and EBITDA margin," it added.
Merck KGaA expects to achieve annual synergies of around $340 million, which should be fully realised within three years after closing.
"This transaction marks a milestone on our transformation journey aimed at turning our three businesses into sustainable growth platforms. For our life science business it's even more than that: it's a quantum leap," Merck KGaA executive board chairman Karl-Ludwig Kley said.
Rakesh Sachdev, president and chief executive of Sigma-Aldrich said, "We believe this is a very positive outcome for our shareholders, who will receive a significant premium, and our employees, who will benefit from enhanced opportunities as part of a larger, more global organisation."
The combined company will be able to serve life science customers around the world with a highly attractive set of established brands and an efficient supply chain that can support the delivery of more than 300,000 products, Sigma-Aldrich said in the statement.
Shaped over almost 350 years by a family of owners, Merck today is known as a successful and values-driven business and a well-respected employer in the life science industry.
Based on fiscal year 2013 financials, the business would have had combined sales of $6.1 billion.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 23:11 (IST)

Short-sellers target China  this time from the shadowsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

More than 10 million iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus sold in first three days: Apple32
1
Apple said it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after its new models went on sale on Friday, underscoring strong demand for phones with larger displays.
Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company could have sold even more iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models if supplies had been available.
Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhones, after Apple booked record pre-orders of 4 million on September 12, the day pre-orders opened.
In this photo taken on Friday, September 19, 2014, people wait to buy the new Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices outside an Apple store in Hong Kong. (AP Photo)
#apple #iphone 6 #iphone 6 plus
Apple's shares were little changed at $100.98 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq on Monday.
The company's first-quarter revenue is likely to be 9 per cent higher than Wall Street estimates, based on reported sales and projected demand for the new iPhones, Piper Jaffray & Co analyst Gene Munster wrote in a note.
Munster said he expected earnings per share to be 12 per cent higher than estimates.
"Despite the supply chain constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus and tightness around certain models of the iPhone 6, we believe (Monday's) strong print demonstrates that Apple executed extremely well in the face of severe supply constraints," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a note.
First-day pre-orders for the new phones, which went on sale in 10 countries, far surpassed the 2 million recorded for the iPhone 5 model two years ago.
"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill orders as quickly as possible," Cook said in a statement.
Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models last year in 11 countries, including China, in the first weekend they were available.
Sales of the latest models in China, the world's largest smartphone market, have been delayed by regulatory issues.
Lured by the prospect of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into China, opportunists joined the scores of fans outside Apple stores to buy the devices.
Police in New Haven, Connecticut said fights broke out among customers believed to be rival groups of Chinese men and women who were apparently trying to buy as many iPhones as possible to resell them at a significant mark-up in China.
Three people were arrested, one of whom suffered a small cut to his forehead and was treated in hospital.
"Store managers have phoned several times to report fights and ill-behaved line waiters," the New Haven Police Department said in a statement.
Apple said last week that many US customers would have to wait until next month for their new iPhones due to strong demand. The company routinely faces iPhone supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a re-design.
The new iPhones will be available in 20 more countries on September 26, Apple said.
The company sold 5 million iPhone 5 handsets, 4 million iPhone 4S models and 1.7 million iPhone 4 units during the first weekend.
The shipment levels of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are positive, given that the new models are not initially available in China, Stifel Nicolaus & Co analyst Aaron Rakers wrote in a note.
Rakers noted that the latest models would be available in 115 countries by the end of this year compared with 100 for iPhone 5S and 5C.
277

US  partner nations launch 1st strikes in Sy...US, partner nations launch first strikes in Syria
By Reuters | 23 Sep, 2014, 12.22PM IST
The strikes took place hours before Obama goes to New York for the U.N. General Assembly where he will try to rally more nations behind his drive to aggressively take on Islamic State.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON/BEIRUT: The United States and several Gulf Arab allies launched air and missile strikes on Islamic State strongholds in Syria on Tuesday, US officials said, opening a new, far more complicated front in the battle against the militants.
"I can confirm that US military and partner nation forces are undertaking military action against (Islamic State) terrorists in Syria using a mix of fighter, bomber and Tomahawk Land Attack Missiles," Rear Admiral John Kirby , Pentagon press secretary, said in a statement.
"Given that these operations are ongoing, we are not in a position to provide additional details at this time."
A US official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates , Jordan and Bahrain were all involved, although their exact roles in the military action were unclear. Qatar played a supporting role in the air strikes, the official said.
Another official said at least one US ship had launched surface-to-surface Tomahawk cruise missiles. Armed US drones were also used in the attacks.
The targets included Raqqa city in eastern Syria, the headquarters of Islamic State, an extremist Sunni Muslim force that has seized large expanses of territory in Iraq and Syria and proclaimed a caliphate erasing borders in the heart of the Middle East.
A group monitoring the war in Syria said at least 20 Islamic State fighters were killed.
Syrian state television said the United States informed Syria's U.N. representative on Monday that Islamic State targets would be hit in Raqqa, which is 400 km (250 miles) northeast of Damascus.
The United States has previously stressed it would not coordinate with the government of President Bashar al-Assad in any way in its fight against Islamic State. US President Barack Obama's position has long been that he would like to see Assad leave power, particularly after using chemical weapons against his own people last year.
WEAPONS SUPPLIES, CHECKPOINTS HIT
US officials and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group that tracks violence in the Syrian war, said buildings used by the militants, their weapons supplies and checkpoints were targeted in the attacks on Raqqa. Areas along the Iraq-Syria border were also hit.
Rami Abdulrahman, head of the Observatory, which gathers information from a network of activists on the ground, told Reuters in Beirut by phone that at least 50 air strikes had been carried out, with the al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front in northwestern Syria also hit.
Residents in Raqqa had said last week that Islamic State was moving underground after Obama signalled on Sept. 11 that air attacks on its forces could be expanded from Iraq to Syria.
The group had evacuated buildings it was using as offices, redeployed its heavy weaponry, and moved fighters' families out of the city, the residents said.
"They are trying to keep on the move," said one Raqqa resident, communicating via the Internet and speaking on condition of anonymity because of safety fears. "They only meet in very limited gatherings."
Page 1 of 2

Sensex  Nifty flat; midcap smallcap outperform; IT gainsSep 23, 2014, 10.20 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty flat; midcap & smallcap outperform; IT gains
TCS, Infosys, ICICI Bank, Wipro, NTPC, HCL Technologies and Tech Mahindra gained 0.7-1.7 percent while M&M, ITC, L&T, ONGC, HDFC Bank, DLF and Jindal Steel fell 0.4-1.4 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty flat; midcap & smallcap outperform; IT gains
TCS, Infosys, ICICI Bank, Wipro, NTPC, HCL Technologies and Tech Mahindra gained 0.7-1.7 percent while M&M, ITC, L&T, ONGC, HDFC Bank, DLF and Jindal Steel fell 0.4-1.4 percent.
Post your opinion here
09:15
Moneycontrol Bureau
9:55 am Drug price control: The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has withdrawn its disputed order for price control of 108 non-scheduled formulations. The order was to cap prices of a list of 108 cardiovascular and diabetes drugs, not part of NLEM (National List of Essential Medicines), and had created uproar from the industry leading to lawsuits contesting the order. Now with the withdrawal notification, the July 2014 order ceases to be valid. While it will be a disappointment for patients' waiting to see their pharmacy bills benefit from lower prices in these two mass market drug categories, the order withdrawal will come as a relief for the domestic drug industry.
 NPPA's order had broadened the scope of price control even to drugs outside of NLEM, and the industry feared that the entire market was now susceptible to price control.
9:30 am Market outlook: Kunj Bansal of Centrum Wealth Management does not expect the market to correct sharply. He says a lot of negatives that could have had an impact on the market have cooled off – inflation is correcting, oil prices globally have fallen and the fear of less-than-needed monsoon has also abated. The three combine can result in WPI and CPI cooling. According to him, maximum there can be a 4-odd-percent correction in indices. Bansal feels cement continues to throw decent opportunities. He is bullish on Ramco Cement s on the belief that is will benefit from extra construction in Andhra Pradesh.
He also likes JK Lakshmi Cement within the space. He adds that despite the massive run up that pharma and auto ancillary stocks have seen, Torrent Pharma , Bharat Forge and Banco Products continue to offer good investment opportunities.
Equity benchmarks started off Tuesday's trade on a flat note with the Sensex rising 32.39 points to 27239.13 and the Nifty advancing 9.10 points to 8155.40.
About 1005 shares have advanced, 357 shares declined, and 52 shares are unchanged.
TCS, Infosys, ICICI Bank, Wipro, NTPC, HCL Technologies and Tech Mahindra gained 0.7-1.7 percent while M&M, ITC, L&T, ONGC, HDFC Bank, DLF and Jindal Steel fell 0.4-1.4 percent.
Indian rupee has opened lower by 13 paise at 60.94 per dollar on Tuesday compared to previous day's closing value of 60.81 a dollar.
Ashutosh Raina, HDFC Bank feels the focus now shifts to growth concerns in China. "Markets will be keenly awaiting the HSBC Manufacturing PMI today. The dollar strength has been the theme recently, with dollar index just shy of the psychological number of 85," he adds.
According to him, locally, the story of FII flows and Central Bank intervention continues. He expects the USD/INR pair to trade in 60.50-61.50/USD range.
Asian markets were trading in the red in early trade after China released better-than-expected factory activity. Trade, however, is quiet with Japanese markets being shut for Autumnal Equinox Day.
Brent crude slipped to USD 96 dollars per barrel as demand and supply fears outweighed expectations of a cut in oil output from the OPEC. Precious metal gold struggled around USD 1215 an ounce, hurt by outflows from the top bullion backed exchange-traded fund (ETF) as investors adjusted positions in anticipation of higher interest rates in the US and further strength in the dollar.
RELATED NEWS

Seat sharing standoff: BJP calls a meeting of Maharashtra party workers10
0
Mumbai: The standoff between the Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party over seat sharing in the Maharashtra Assembly elections. The BJP has called for a meeting of all Maharashtra party workers on Tuesday.
The BJP says that it is ready to fight on 130 seats and is willing to fight on those seats which the Sena has consistently lost. "We are ready to fight on 130 seats, we are also ready to fight on those seats which the Sena has not won in the past 30 years. This is a very liberal proposal and hope the Sena considers it," BJP leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
BJP President Amit Shah had called Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Monday and urged him to not end their 25-year-old alliance. Shiv Sena had offered 119 seats to BJP and 18 to other allies, leaving them 151 seats out of 288. The BJP has rejected this deal.

More Flipkarts IITs to teach entrepreneurship | Alibaba makes profit in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections
Get ready for more Flipkarts and Snapdeals as IITs gear up to teach entrepreneurship
Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 08.31AM IST
Tags:
Flipkart
(Other IITs in Madras,…)
NEW DELHI: IITs have always produced a steady stream of entrepreneurs, including those behind celebrated companies such as Flipkart and Snapdeal . Many IITs also have thriving incubation cells that seek to spawn such entrepreneurs. IIT-Madras is even raising a startup fund. Now, finally, IITs are gearing up to teach entrepreneurship in the classroom.
IITs in Delhi, Kharagpur and Hyderabad are planning to bring entrepreneurship at the forefront of their BTech curriculum, and plan to launch minor as well as elective courses on the subject from next year. Other IITs in Madras, Mumbai, Gandhinagar, Kanpur, Patna and Mandi have just taken baby steps to include entrepreneurship in their curriculum. These steps could further whip up a culture of entrepreneurship at the IITs and in the country, entrepreneurs and investors say.
"This will benefit students who are not born into a business family, but yet aspire to run a company," Sasha Mirchandani, managing partner and founder of Kae Capital and founder of Mumbai Angels, a network of investors, said. "If you have faculty members teaching entrepreneurship, students would be more willing to learn about start-ups and businesses," he added.
IIT-Delhi recently introduced courses on entrepreneurship. These could evolve into a minor, PV Madhusudan Rao of the mechanical engineering department of IIT-Delhi, said. A minor is a pre-defined course in a focus area whereas an elective is an optional departmental or open-category course. Patna is another IIT thinking about launching a minor in entrepreneurship.
"With a subject like entrepreneurship being taught by actual entrepreneurs, it will help, support and guide young entrepreneurial ventures in the right direction," said Ajai Chowdhry, founder of HCL, who also teaches the subject at IIT-Hyderabad and is the chairman at IIT-Patna. "It could play a crucial role in reducing the number of failed start-ups," he added.
IIT-Kharagpur is considering a micro or thin specialisation in engineering entrepreneurship for its BTech students from next year, said PP Das, head of Rajendra Mishra School of Engineering Entrepreneurship at IIT-Kharagpur. This summer, IIT-Gandhinagar sent a dozen engineering students to attend a course on entrepreneurship at Technion, a technology institute in Israel.
"Since inception, IIT-Gandhinagar has been focusing on entrepreneurship as we do not want to be an institute offering a vanilla degree in BTech. We are offering entrepreneurship as both an elective and minor," said Sudhir K Jain, director at IIT-Gandhinagar. IIT-Madras is raising a fund for start-ups.
FEATURED ARTICLES

To kick-start banking operations by Oct 1  2015: IDFCWe have also got approval to set up an IDF NBFC which will again be a subsidiary of IDFC.
Vikram Limaye
CEO & MD
IDFC
Infrastructure lender  IDFC recently raised Rs 1000 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP) after selling 7.3 crore shares for Rs 137 each.
The non-banking financial company sold the shares in order to bring down foreign institutional investors holding (FII) to under 50 percent, as stated by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. 
Speaking to CNBC-TV18 on the expectations going ahead, MD and CEO, Vikram Limaye says the company has no plans to raise further money in near-term.
According to Limaye, the funds raised by them were not raised for company’s capital needs. The NBFC is likely to start its banking operations from October 1, 2015 under 'IDFC Bank'. The new bank will be a subsidiary of IDFC, confirms Limaye.
IDFC believes the loan book growth will continue to slow. "You have seen the corporate credit growth number which has been sub 10. So that is a reflection of the fact that the investment cycle hasn’t really picked up as yet," he adds.
Meanwhile, the management refrained from giving any comments on the appointments for the new bank.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: You have raised more money than you need, to bring the FII limit down you needed only Rs 850 crore, you got Rs 1000 crore. Should we expect more equity raising or are you done for now?
A: We are certainly done because the reason why we have raised this equity is not because we need equity. We had enough capital already even before we raised this money. The reason to raise this was to bring down the foreign ownership in IDFC to below 50 percent. So that is just a regulatory requirement as promoter of a bank. So it is not because we need capital.
Q: Who are the key functionaries of IDFC Bank starting with Rajiv Lal and what will be your role?
A: I don’t think I can get into the details right now because at the right time we will have an appropriate announcement. As it relates to the bank, the bank has not yet been formed. There will be a governance structure for the bank.
The appointments relating to the bank will need to be approved by the board of the bank and by the RBI. So it would be premature for me to talk about things that aren’t really within our control because there is a governance structure that needs to fall into place and appropriate approvals need to be obtained.
Q: But does the timeline for starting a bank continues to be in place, will you start the bank by October 1, 2015.
A: That is certainly the plan and so, at this point in time we are certainly gearing up to get the bank operational by October 1.
Q: What about your loan book, what do you expect going ahead because in the quarter gone by your gross loan book was down about 10 percent on a quarter-on-quarter basis. How are things progressing at that point?
A: Things are slow, there are still uncertainties in the infrastructure landscape which needs to be sorted. New project development hasn’t yet picked up and so, from that perspective, before we are focused on low risk opportunities for growth, refinancing, corporate type of loans in lower risk areas and that is quite slow relative to the expectation.
You have seen the corporate credit growth number which has been sub 10. So that is a reflection of the fact that the investment cycle hasn’t really picked up as yet.
Q: More in terms of how IDFC will evolve over the next 12 months that you have, will you all be contracting your infrastructure book? There is no fresh demand and you are seeing money being returned either by way of interest payments or principal, so you would be wantonly contracting infrastructure, where would you be lending? How will you prepare for retail, how many branches will you have on October 1, 2015?
A: I cannot discuss the specifics. As a listed company if we make certain disclosures we prefer to stand by those disclosures and I don’t want to make any premature disclosures.
At the right time we will share enough details about the bank’s business plans including the branches, including people, including what we expect to do in year one versus year three.
I don’t want to get ahead of the curve at this point in time when we are in the process of planning all those details. So at the right time we would share more details.
Q: Can you at least tell us if the capital markets business, the I-banking, the PE business will be incorporated into the bank or will it be separate?
A: It will remain as a separate subsidiary. Our structure right now has three subsidiaries, it has an asset management business, it has our alternatives business which has private equity infrastructure and real estate investment activity and then it has our investment banking broking business.
All three are currently subsidiaries of IDFC. We have also got approval to set up an IDF NBFC which will again be a subsidiary of IDFC. And then the bank will also be a subsidiary of IDFC and that is how the structure is going to evolve.
Q: Not necessarily your loan book but the infrastructure sector, do you think that we are going to get a couple of more bad news? I mean gas issues have not been resolved so gas-based power plants are still in a spot. Other than Lanco others have not been recognised as NPLs. Should we expect one-two more such bad news?
A: It could well be the case although from everything that I am hearing including on gas, there is likely to be a resolution relatively soon not only on the price of gas but also on gas pooling mechanism where you have a portion of domestic and imported gas being pooled together and being offered at a blended price, that could then result in gas-based plants also operating at call it 50 percent PLF and using that as peaking power at a level that could potentially service debt.
Therefore, I am still hopeful because we are power short and the exposures to power are very large whether from an investment perspective or from a lending perspective.
I am hopeful that a solution will be found that wouldn’t really compromise the entire investments that have been made and bank balance sheets which are already under significant stress.
Q: There was that recent easing of the infrastructure norms, exemption of banks against cash reserve ratio (CRR), statutory liquidity ratio (SLR). How much will that actually help you in terms of the transition to a bank?
A: This is certainly positive for us as well as for all other banks but the extent of benefit is still unknown because we are seeking clarification on that from the RBI.
We have already written to them, we have spoken to them a couple of times but I cannot give you an answer because I don’t have a specific answer on this issue.
Once we get clarification from RBI then we will be able to lay out exactly what it means for our own balance sheet.
Q: Your last reported gross NPL was 0.64 percent, is that the peak and the other point was about wholesale funds, does it look set to get cheaper?
A: The gross NPL is an exceedingly low number relative to the risks that exist in the landscape and we have guided towards a higher number. We will see whether we get there or not.
We are working very hard to make sure that we find solutions to all the problems that exist but we cannot be immune to what is going on in the landscape and a lot of it is not necessarily within our control which is why we have guided to higher NPA, I would stick with that guidance, I can certainly envision a scenario where NPLs could rise from the levels that we are at right now.
IDFC stock price
On November 21, 2014, IDFC closed at Rs 157.40, up Rs 0.10, or 0.06 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 166.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 88.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 10.11 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 15.57. The latest book value of the company is Rs 92.94 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.69.
RELATED NEWS

Maharashtra: Sena  BJP stick to their demands  but hope to resolve seat sharing issue soon23
0
Mumbai: The Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party will once again hold meeting to resolve the impasse over seat sharing issue for Maharashtra Assembly elections on Tuesday morning at the BJP headquarter.
The 25-year-old alliance has been in trouble for past few days as both the parties have refused to budge on their demand of seats.
The BJP had turned down the Sena's proposal of 119 seats and demanded 130 seats in the state polls. The Shiv Sena, however, made it clear that the BJP was not the giver but taker on this land and even warned of breaking the alliance.
On Sunday, the Shiv Sena made a new offer to the BJP by giving them 119 seats, other allies 18 and keeping 151 out of 288 seats for itself.
The Sena has been adamant on his stand of contesting on at least 150 seats.
Senior Sena leader Sanjay Raut said, "We will meet BJP leadership in the afternoon. We want to continue with alliance. Decision will be taken by today evening."
State BJP in-charge Rajiv Pratap Rudy had called the Sena proposal as very liberal.
He said, "We are ready to fight on 130 seats. We are also ready to fight on those seats which Sena has not won in the last 30 years. This is a very liberal proposal and hope Sena considers our proposal."
The BJP and Shiv Sena need to find a solution soon as the last date of filing nomination is September 27.
1

Army Chief cancels Bhutan visit as India-China standoff continues in Ladakh42
0
New Delhi: Amidst the standoff between Indian and Chinese troops across the Line of Actual Control, Army Chief General Dalbir Suhag has cancelled his trip to Bhutan. His 4-day trip was to start on Tuesday.
China's People's Liberation Army had added seven new tents within Indian territory on Sunday. Chinese troops are showing no signs of withdrawing despite repeated warnings by the Indian Army as the standoff enters 12th day.
On Saturday, over 50 Chinese soldiers had entered Chumar, days after 100 troops were reported to have crossed into the Indian territory. The standoff continues despite Prime Minister Narendra Modi raising the border issue with Chinese President Xi Jinping during his recent visit to India.
#chinese incursion #ladakh #line of actual control #indian army
In fact Jinping has asked the Chinese Army to be ready for a regional war. He has also ordered the Army to ensure a smooth chain of command and implement all decisions from the central leadership.
Addressing the People's Liberation Army, Xi said, "The headquarters of PLA forces must have absolute loyalty and firm faith in the Communist Party of China, guarantee a smooth chain of command and make sure all decisions from the central leadership are fully implemented. The headquarters of all PLA forces should improve their combat readiness and sharpen their ability to win a regional war in the age of information technology."
It is not yet clear why the emphasis was made on absolute loyalty and to follow the orders to ensure smooth chain of command. Xi's directives also come in the midst of the standoff between the PLA and Indian troops in Chumar area in Ladakh region along the Line of Actual Control (LAC).
13

IFCI rallies on plans to sell partial stake in TFCIIFCI rallies on plans to sell partial stake in TFCI
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 11:27 AM IST
Shares of IFCI were up over 3% at Rs 35.50 after it said it would sell part of its stake in Tourism Finance Corporation of India Ltd.
IFCI will partially disinvest its shareholding in Tourism Finance Corporation of India Limited in Financial Year 2014-15, the company said in a release to the stock exchange after market hours on Monday.
For the quarter ended June 30, 2014, IFCI held over 34.30 million shares or 42.5% stake in Tourism Finance Corporation of India, as per the stock exchange data.
The stock opened at Rs 34.85 and touched a high of Rs 35.60 so far. Over 5.2 million shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.

Competitive pressure prompts cos to ease loa...Competitive pressure prompts home and auto financiers to ease loan rates
By Aparna Ramalingam & Nandini Sen Gupta, TNN | 23 Sep, 2014, 11.20AM IST
0
Share More
According to top banks, since April, competitive pressure has prompted home & auto financiers to offer aggressive promotional schemes at lower rates.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
CHENNAI: Planning to buy a new set of wheels this festive season? Or zeroing in on your dream home? Don't fret about the fact that the RBI has not cut interest rates.
According to top banks and NBFCs, since April this year competitive pressure has prompted home and auto financiers to offer aggressive promotional schemes at rates that are lower by anywhere between 20-50 bps (basis points). What's more, with the festive season rolling in, banks and NBFCs may prune rates by another 10-20 bps, say sources.
"Interest rates are not coming down but pressure of competition means the rate to the customer has seen some downward trend," said Sumit Bali , executive vice president, Kotak Mahindra Bank . Take automobiles. Despite financiers putting an end to reverse subvention, rates for premium cars are currently at the base level of 10 per cent for banks and 9-9.25 per cent for some NBFCs, say sources. Of course, big volume mid-size cars attract higher rates at around 10.5-10.75 per cent, while entry level hatchbacks come at 10.75-11.25 per cent. "Rates have come down by around 25-30 bps since April," said Vyomesh Kapasi, CEO, Kotak Mahindra Prime.
The rate on offer depends on the make of the car, customer profile as well as the financier. NBFCs, not being hobbled by the base rate ceiling, sometimes offer less than 10 per cent to their creamy layer customers. Even top financiers like HDFC, while not cutting their rate slab, offer discounts to certain customers depending on their risk score. And with the marketing and promo blitz for the festive season blasting off, "another 10-15 bps discount" is expected in auto financing, say sources. "What we will see during the festive season is a lot of targeted offers and waivers in charges and other fees associated with auto loans," Jairam Sridharan, head, consumer lending and payments, Axis Bank , said.
In home loans too, the slab rate is down from 10.5 per cent in January to around 10.25 per cent. Loans against property, too, have seen a 25-50 bps reduction so far this year. HFCs (home finance companies) and banks say that home loan rates in the industry are now closely aligned to the base rate (10-10.25 per cent) and they range from 10.15 per cent to 10.3 per cent as against 10.25 per cent to 10.5 per cent a year ago. Like auto loans, there's no official rate cut in the offing but there will be promotional pressure this festive season.
Some home financiers like Sundaram BNP Paribas Home Finance have reduced their home rates by 0.25 per cent to 0.30 per cent in the last five months to 10.15 per cent currently. "During the festive season, we may bring in offers of home loans just below 10 per cent or at 10 per cent," Srinivas Acharya , MD, Sundaram BNP Paribas Home Finance, said.
Industry biggie HDFC will soon be closing its two month campaign (which began on August 1) on home loans up to Rs 75 lakh at 10.15 per cent.
"Earlier, the 10.15 per cent rate was applicable for loans up to Rs 30 lakh only. But as part of a special promotion this rate was extended to loans up to Rs 75 lakh," senior officials from the company said.
Bankers say some price correction has already happened in home loans in terms of product structuring over 12 months. Till last September, banks and HFCs offered differential rates on home loans up to Rs 25 lakh, home loans between Rs 25 and Rs 75 lakh and home loans above Rs 75 lakh.

IFCI to partially disinvest its shareholding in TFCIIFCI to partially disinvest its shareholding in TFCI
Delhi Police barricade roads as RLD supporters converge for meetPolice barricade roads as RLD supporters converge for meet
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
Police today barricaded several roads in the Lutyens zone and shut down Race Course Road metro station to prevent protesters from reaching the 12 Tughlaq Road bungalow for a planned meeting to demand that the bungalow be converted into a memorial to former prime minister Charan Singh.
Police said the gathering was “illegal” and all those trying to participate in the ‘Jat Mahapanchayt’ will be detained.
The barricading of major roads around Tughlaq Road caused traffic snarls in various parts of central and south Delhi in the morning rush hour. The cascading effect was felt at INA, Teen Murti, Aurangzeb Road, Rajesh Pilot Road and several other roundabouts as traffic remained heavy.
The bungalow is currently occupied by Charan Singh’s son RLD chief Ajit Singh, who has refused to vacate the Government property and has demanded that the bungalow be converted into a memorial to his father.
The Government, however, rejected the demand, saying the Union Cabinet in 2000 had banned conversion of Government bungalows into memorials.
According to a Delhi Traffic Police official, Prithviraj Road and Safdarjung Road were open for traffic but roads around Tughlaq Road, including Arvindo Chowk, have been shut down for normal traffic.
Singh, who lost the recently held election, was served the eviction notice and electricity supply to the sprawling bungalow was disconnected by the authorities last week.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Management development programme on health communicationManagement development programme on health communication
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
MICA is going to conduct a three-day residential Management Development Programme (MDP) on 'Bridging Health Communication Gaps' from October 14-16 at its campus in Ahmedabad.
The programme is targeted at senior and middle-level programme officers working with the health programmes of government departments, NGOs and international organisations supporting health interventions.
CSR teams from corporate houses, communication agencies designing health communication campaigns and consultants in the area of health communication, will also find the MDP relevant and useful.
Participants of the programme will understand the theoretical as well as field realities of programme implementation and learn a practical approach to effective health communication management. The focus of the programme will be participatory with situation analysis, case study, discussion on strategy and plan of health communication management.
The programme fee for Indian participants is Rs 30,000 and $1,250 for international participants.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Indian govt withdraws regulator s power to cap non-essential drug pricesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Syria says Washington informed it before strikes on Islamic StatetargetsFILE - In this Sunday, Aug. 10, 2014, file photo, a fighter jet coming from Iraq lands on the flight deck of the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush, in the Persian Gulf. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Damascus | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:09 pm
The Syrian foreign ministry said on Tuesday that the United States informed Damascus’ envoy to the United Nations before launching airstrikes against the Islamic State group in Syria.
The ministry issued a brief statement, carried by Syrian state media, saying that “the American side informed Syria’s permanent envoy to the U.N. that strikes will be launched against the Daesh terrorist organization in Raqqa.”
(Source: AP)
The statement used an Arabic name referring to the Islamic State group, which seized large chunks of Syrian and Iraqi territory in a blitz this summer.
The airstrikes hit targets in and around the Syrian city of Raqqa and the province with the same name, activists said, adding that there were casualties among Islamic State militants on the ground. The city of Raqqa is the militant group’s self-declared capital in Syria.
The ministry statement was Damascus’ first official reaction after the U.S. and five Arab countries launched airstrikes on Islamic State group’s targets in Syria late on Monday, expanding a military campaign into a country whose three-year civil war has given the brutal militant group a safe haven.
(Source: AP)
U.S. officials said the airstrikes began around 8:30 p.m. EDT (0030 GMT), and were conducted by the U.S., Bahrain, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and the United Arab Emirates.
In the past, Syrian officials have insisted that any strikes against the Islamic State group in the country should come only after coordination with Damascus. Without their consent, Syrian officials have said such airstrikes would be an act of aggression against Syria and a breach of the country’s sovereignty.
However, U.S. officials have ruled out direct coordination with Syrian President Bashar Assad’s government.
Rami Abdurrahman, who heads the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, an activist group, said the airstrikes targeted the northern province of Raqqa, as well as its provincial capital.
The Observatory, which has a network of activists around the country, said the attacks came after drones flew over areas under control of the Islamic State group.
Abdurrahman said about 20 air strikes hit Raqqa province, adding there were casualties among jihadi fighters, mostly on checkpoints. He said that in addition to the city of Raqqa, there were strikes on the towns of Tabqa, Ein Issa and the border town of Tel Abyad on the border with Turkey.
An anti-militant media collective entitled “Raqqa is being silently slaughtered” said that the targets included the governorate building or municipality used by continued…

Durga Puja pandals in UP raise issue of crime against womenComments
At a time when safety of women has become a cause for concern everywhere, some Durga Puja organisers in and around the city have decided to have special pandals dedicated to women empowerment and their safety.
With themes ranging from celebrating the girl child to female foeticide to acid attack, the organisers hope to bring about a palpable change in people’s mindset and instill sensitivity towards the fair sex.
Bondhu Mahal, a social organisation, has decided to have “Celebrate Girl Child” as its theme in its maiden Durga Puja celebration to be held in Indira Nagar.
“We would counsel the pandal hoppers on women’s issues. We would also take a written pledge from visitors urging them to keep the interest of the girl child foremost on their mind. A copy each of the written pledge will also be sent to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav,” said Bondhu Mahal puja president Jayanata Pramanik.
Pramanik said entertainment and relevant issues would go hand-in-hand this year and the theme would be executed with the help of some women organisations.
“We plan to put up banners on both sides of the road to ensure more awareness on the issue,” Pramanik added.
Taking a cue from Hindustan Times’ initiative to help acid attack survivors, the Navdurga Puja committee of Barabanki has decided to dedicate its celebration to victims of such crime.
“Among other things, we will be holding a debate on ban on acid. The event will be judged by acid attack survivors Kavita and Meena Soni. Kavita will also be provided with a stall where she could sell her papermade jewellery and make some money,” said TK Roy, the convenor of the puja. There will also be banners and posters all around spreading messages like ‘say no to crime against women’. Roy said the congregation of huge crowds at the point of pandal creates just the right venue for a social cause.
“Several Bengali families visit puja mandaps, which make them an ideal place for spreading messages that have social importance. The pandal will also have posters on both sides, which will also highlight the issue. There will also be drawing competitions for children,” he said. This year, the Durga Puja celebrations kick off on September 30 and culminate with a visarjan on October 4.

Eye Rs 500-1000cr from divestments; IPO likely: SREI InfraSep 23, 2014, 03.54 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Eye Rs 1000cr from divestments; may list Viom: SREI Infra
Hemant Kanoria, chairman and managing director, SREI Infrastructure Finance expects a better FY15 than the earlier year buoyed by the new government’s sincere intent at reviving infrastructure sector.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Eye Rs 1000cr from divestments; may list Viom: SREI Infra
Hemant Kanoria, chairman and managing director, SREI Infrastructure Finance expects a better FY15 than the earlier year buoyed by the new government’s sincere intent at reviving infrastructure sector.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Hemant Kanoria, chairman and managing director,  SREI Infrastructure Finance says the company is looking to divest its assets worth Rs 500-1000 crore and expects them to be monetized by this fiscal year-end.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Kanoria says the company is working on various routes, including initial public offer (IPO), to monetize telecom tower operator Viom Network.SREI Infra has an 18 percent stake in the company that is a joint venture (JV) with Tata Group.
The company may opt to list on either New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) or the London Stock Exchange (LSE), he further adds.
Kanoria is also eyeing the listing of the company’s various road projects. He says the company is currently in talks with merchant bankers for the listing of two of its road projects.
Also read: GMR Infra seeks Sebi nod for Rs 1,500 cr rights issue
Furthermore, Kanoria expects a better FY15 than the earlier year buoyed by the new government’s sincere intent at reviving the infrastructure sector.
“We expect some improvement in gross non-performing loans (NPLs). We saw marginal optimism in Q1, but expect a significant lower level of NPLs in Q3 and Q4,” he further adds.
Below is the edited transcript of Hemant Kanoria's interview with Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: Can you tell us what is happening with Viom in terms of listing or stake sale if you could give us any kind of update on that?
A: That process is already on for Viom. As we have gone to public and said many times that there are various options that we are looking at, so that is on track.
On the disinvestment and also getting some dilutions listings etc, so all the opportunities and potentials are being explored there. But as other things in infrastructure is concerned, gradually things are now looking up, I would say that.
On the ground level, things have still not started happening in the manner that we had expected but I am sure that with the kind of exuberance of the government and now that three-four months are over, so things will gradually start happening. 
Ekta: Just to probe a little bit with regards to, can you give us a sense in terms of which would be your preferable route in terms of monetisation? Would it be via strategic stake sale something which the company has spoken about multiple times or maybe even listing, which one would be something that you are more proactively working towards at this point?
A: It will be very difficult to say something, we are proactively working on all these particular route. So to be able to specifically mention which is the one that we are going to close very soon is going to be difficult at this juncture. So I think that we will just have to wait for some time and we would declare it as and when we see which route we are going to pursue more closely.
Anuj: When was the last time a valuation exercise was done for Viom because I believe American Tower had put a price of about Rs 19,000 crore for Viom’s business?
A: There are a lot of speculations on the Viom valuations etc but as I said let us just wait for sometime and will definitely come back and declare to the public what is happening. It is all work in progress.
Anuj: How is overall business shaping up? Have you started to notice any kind of green shoots in the businesses that you operate in and do you think this year is going to be better than last year?
A: This year will definitely be better than the last year because one that the government’s clarity is already there. Now the government wants infrastructure investments to speed up whether it will be roads, power, port and there is an intent of the government which is very sincere in these particular fields but at the same time at the ground level, it takes time for implementation to happen. So in the road sector, the government has decided that they would have both EPC contract and BOT projects going on simultaneously. Projects will soon start getting announced and in the power sector also, we have been hearing the minister, he has been speaking in public and to the media also that in the power sector, the government will find out solutions for coal, they will find out solution for the general power sector. So, all these are good news. But as I said that at the ground level, things would take some time to happen and we have to be fair to this new government to give them some time.
Ekta: Are you still focusing on refinancing of projects as opposed to financing of fresh projects within the infrastructure space?
A: We are looking at both. We are wherever the opportunities are -- Greenfield projects are less at this juncture because people have still not been able to finalise to go on for any green field projects. So I think that what we are now at present looking at is refinancing, we are looking at opportunities, where people have got a little stuck up and they need the last mile financing for the project to start off and those are the kind of opportunities, which are many at this juncture. But we have taken a view that we would view very cautiously on the project financing side. We have also expanded our portfolio into healthcare and hospitality because the government and RBI has also included that in the infrastructure sector.
Ekta: That is the point that I wanted to take forward in terms of asset quality because as of Q1, your gross NPAs stood at 2.98 percent which was the significant improvement from what you have clocked in FY14. Is there scope for further improvement in your gross NPLs especially with the fact that maybe you are now exposing yourself in terms of disbursements to lesser risky sectors that you mentioned?
A: I think that from the NPL perspective, we have seen the worst. So I don’t think that there is going to be anything worse than what we have seen in FY13-FY14. FY14-FY15 we are sanguine that things would improve, in Q1 we have seen some improvement and from Q3 and Q4, we will start seeing a marked improvement. I am not saying that in Q2 we are going to again see something which is substantially different than Q1 but Q3 and Q4 we see things would improve much better.
Anuj: Apart from Viom, any other asset sale and if you could give us some timeline in terms of your stakes in road projects and some other assets for monetisation of that if you have drawn up any timeline?
A: On the road sector also, we are pursuing. We have two opportunities there. One is that we are looking at an IPO for roads also that IPO plus the infrastructure rate structure also - infrastructure trusts structure which the government has come out with in this particular budget and SEBI has also come out with a draft guidelines. So we explore both these opportunities and see whichever makes sense for us and whichever can be faster because we have many of the road projects, which have started tolling. So we would look at monetisation of the road projects to a certain extent and then also raise fresh money to increase our investments in the road sector because we are quite sanguine that the road projects will continue to do well and the sector because we don’t have any stress in our portfolio at this juncture. So therefore, we are quite enthusiastic to take it up further.
Anuj: IPO is an option and have you spoken to merchant bankers, have you drawn up any kind of timeline for this?
A: We have been speaking to investment bankers. We have also internally drawn up a draft information memorandum, which we are now detailing. We would wait and see which is the best opportunity, whether an IPO would be better for the company or would it better to go in for the infrastructure investment trust, the option which has now been mooted by the government.
Ekta: How much is the company looking to possibly raise via the divestment or monetisation in any firm?
A: It would be somewhere about - we are looking at both the primary and secondary offering taken together somewhere between Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 crore.
Ekta: When would you like to complete it by? Any sort of internal target or guideline that the company is working with maybe by end of FY15, end of FY16, any more clarity on timeline?
A: No, I think that FY15 is what we are targeting that within FY15 we should be in a position to monetize to some extent and then also it will give us fresh funds to take up more projects, which we think the government will start announcing from Q3 and Q4 of this financial year.
SREI Infra stock price
On November 21, 2014, SREI Infrastructure Finance closed at Rs 42.80, down Rs 0.4, or 0.93 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 57.55 and the 52-week low was Rs 19.35.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 1.70 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 25.18. The latest book value of the company is Rs 53.22 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.80.
RELATED NEWS

Hold ICICI Bank  advises Kunal BothraLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hold ICICI Bank, advises Kunal Bothra
Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP recommends holding ICICI Bank with a target of Rs 1630-1635.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP told CNBC-TV18, " ICICI Bank  is a good stock, it is one of the strongest private sector banks which has been performing very well. Hold on to this stock at least from a short-term perspective. I would give a stoploss of close to Rs 1540-1542 and probably a target of Rs 1630-1635 on ICICI Bank."
At 11:58 hrs ICICI Bank was quoting at Rs 1,562.70, down Rs 14.60, or 0.93 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 1,591.90 and an intraday low of Rs 1,560.10.
RELATED NEWS

Interact with CNBC-TV18: UBS downgrades Havells from buy to neutral08:00 am
On Moneycontrol Messageboard, boarder Prem Lal Tandon wanted to know the outlook on Havells for the next one year. He had bought shares of Havells  at Rs 250.
Replying to his query, Gautam Chhaochharia, Head of India Research at UBS, which has downgraded the stock about couple of months back from a buy to neutral, said they had a buy on Havells for more than three years, but at “current valuation, from one year perspective, we don’t see the risk reward of making money over the next one year”.
Chhaochharia however said that it is still a great business and the outlook over the long-term is very good as India is under-penetrated market. “So, as the economy recovers and we move on to higher growth path this stock will be a beneficiary of that,” he added.
RELATED NEWS

Congress  NCP politically obliged to contest Maharashtra polls together: Tariq AnwarIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

India s first time-keeper HMT turns into a collector s item62
0
New Delhi: Time has stopped for India's first timekeeper - the Hindustan Machine Tools or the HMT watches as the company ran into financial crisis. It was in 1962 when Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru inaugurated the now-vintage hand-wound wrist watched. But today it has turned into a collector's item.
Neemchand, a customer, said, "It's sad that HMT will not be available. That is why I am here to buy it."
The idea behind starting the company was to make its own way in the world economy with the help of its people. But today, it is a shame that the employees of HMT have not only been denied their monthly cheques but have even been told they would be given a compensation of six months. The staff said by shutting shop, the government has put an end to a legacy.
#hmt #hindustan machine tools #hmt watches #jawaharlal nehru
For more than five decades, the iconic HMT watches have invoked a flurry of emotions. For different people it meant different things. For some it was a reward for passing an exam and for many it was the dusty wedding gift. Sadly, after making a journey of 53 years the 'Desh ki Dhadkan' has lost its race against time.
399

SC talks tough on police encounters  lays down guidelines to be followed by police officersSep 23, 2014 at  11:47am IST
SC talks tough on police encounters, lays down guidelines to be followed by police officers
57
0
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday laid down guidelines to be followed after police encounters. The court said that there shall be an independent investigation into the encounter by the state CID or a separate police station.
The court said that there shall be a magisterial inquiry under section 176 of the CrPC. The court also added that no gallantry award or outstanding service award will be given to the policeman involved immediately after the encounter.
The apex court has said that the policeman will record tip-offs given to them about the criminals that result in encounter. The policeman involved in the encounter shall surrender the arm, weapons and ammunition after the encounter, the court said.
The court's guidelines came on a petition by Surat Singh that was filed back in 1999.
291

Infor launches cloud-ready management solutionInfor launches cloud-ready management solution
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 23:  
Infor, a provider of business application software, has launched Infor CloudSuite Financials, a financial management application built for the cloud.
This solution is targeted at chief financial officers and financial professionals. The existing solutions are not sufficient for the present needs of finance professionals.
“Even those considered to be modern are merely version 2.0 of first-generation financial management. The industry needs a functional change," Duncan Angove, President of Infor, said here in a statement on Tuesday.
The US-based firm has a base in Hyderabad.
Infor CloudSuite Financials integrates multiple functions traditionally requiring different systems into a single suite. It combines multiple applications such as treasury applications, business intelligence, and treasury and cash management into one application
“It thus helps eliminate redundant and error-prone steps that require human intervention, and simplifies management of complex businesses with multinational operations and multiple ledgers,” the statement said.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Rio and Mongolia close the gap in copper disputeRio and Mongolia close the gap in copper dispute
By James Wilson, Mining Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1ab4d92-427b-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

DLF shares fall over 3 per cent on BNP downgradeCredit Suisse upgrades Tata Motors, downgrades Mahindra & Mahindra
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 13:17 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Credit Suisse on Tuesday upgraded Tata Motors to "outperform" from "neutral" saying near-term concerns were on factors such as volume abating.
The financial services company said Tata Motors shares under-performed the auto sector recently and the "long-term story remains promising".
However, Credit Suisse downgraded Mahindra and Mahindra to "neutral" from "outperform" saying Mahindra's valuations were no longer "attractive."
Tata Motors shares initially gained as much as 0.5 per cent to a record high at Rs 542.60 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), but gave up gains and was down 1.74 per cent in afternoon trade.
The shares have surged over 8 per cent in last four sessions.
Shares of Mahindra and Mahindra were trading at Rs 1351.15 per scrip, down 20.3 points (or 1.48 per cent) in afternoon trade on the BSE.
(Reuters)

Cong  NCP seat-sharing talksinconclusivePrint
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:30 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 12:54 pm
Congress and NCP leaders met this morning to decide on seat sharing for Maharashtra Assembly elections but the talks were “inconclusive.”
Senior Congress leader Narayan Rane said that the two sides have decided to meet again at 8.30 PM as “no solution could be arrived at.”
The meeting was held at Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan’s official residence – Varsha.
Congress has been refusing to yield to NCP’s demand for equal seats, while the latter has rejected offer of 124 of the state’s 288 Assembly seats.
NCP leader Praful Patel and Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar, state party chief Sunil Tatkare and other leaders attended the meeting, to resolve the seat-sharing deadlock and salvage the 15-year-old alliance.
State Congress chief Manikrao Thakre, who was present at the meeting, also said the “talks were inconclusive.”
NCP’s core committee chaired by party chief Sharad Pawar had gone into a huddle in Mumbai on Monday where it reaffirmed that the alliance should continue but insisted on getting a larger share of the state’s 288 Assembly seats than 124 offered by Congress.
NCP had contested 114 and Congress 174 in 2009 Assembly elections and has been insisting on fielding candidates in half of the 288 seats, citing it had double the number of Lok Sabha seats in the state than Congress. In the worst-ever performance for the ruling alliance, NCP had won 4 Lok Sabha seats against Congress’ 2.

Ebola cases to triple to 20 000 by Nov unless effortsraisedphoto nurses are trained to use Ebola protective gear by World Health Organization, WHO. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Geneva | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:24 pm
The number of Ebola infections will triple to 20,000 by November, soaring by the thousands every week if efforts are not significantly stepped up to stop the outbreak, the WHO warned on Tuesday.
“Without drastic improvements in control measures, the numbers of cases of and deaths from Ebola are expected to continue increasing from hundreds to thousands per week in the coming months,” the World Health Organization said in a study.
The current outbreak in West Africa has already claimed more than 2,800 lives and infected more than 5,800 people.
But the WHO study forecasts that if no significant action is taken, “the cumulative number of confirmed and probable cases by November 2 … will be 5,925 in Guinea, 9,939 in Liberia and 5,063 in Sierra Leone”.
The total for those three countries alone will therefore surpass 20,000 cases, said the study published in the New England Journal of Medicine on Tuesday.
That would also translate to a jump in the number of deaths as the experts suggest that the fatality in the current outbreak is much higher than the widely estimated one in two.
If only cases of deaths and recovery were taken into account, the fatality rate stands at about 71 per cent, the study showed.
“We are seeing exponential growth and we need to act now,” said Christopher Dye, co-author of the study jointly carried out with the Imperial College in London.
“If we don’t stop the epidemic very soon, this is going to turn from a disaster into a catastrophe,” he told reporters in Geneva, warning that the epidemic might simply “rumble on as it has for the last few months for the next few years.”
“The fear is that Ebola will become more or less a permanent feature of the human population,” warned Dye, who is the UN health agency’s head of strategy.
Ebola fever can fell its victims within days, causing severe muscle pain, vomiting, diarrhoea and – in many cases – unstoppable internal and external bleeding.
It is one of the deadliest viruses known to man, and the current outbreak, which quietly began in southern Guinea last December, has by far killed more than all other Ebola outbreaks combined.
Prior to the current epidemic, the deadliest outbreak was the very first one on record, in Democratic Republic of Congo in 1976, when 280 people died.
If we don't stop the epidemic very soon, this is going to turn from a disaster into a catastrophe.

Nasa keen on sharing MAVEN data for ISRO s Mangalyaan probeNasa says keen on sharing MAVEN data with India's Mangalyaan probe
By Agencies | 23 Sep, 2014, 11.51AM IST
The data from MAVEN spacecraft aims to help scientists understand what happened to the water on Mars and the carbon dioxide in its atmosphere.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Nasa's MAVEN spacecraft began orbiting Mars on Sunday, on a mission to study how the Red Planet's climate changed over time from warm and wet to cold and dry. The unmanned e orbiter has traveled more than 10 months and 442 million miles (711 million kilometers) to reach Mars for a first-of-its kind look at the planet's upper atmosphere. "Wow, what a night.
You get one shot with Mars orbit insertion and MAVEN nailed it tonight," said project manager David Mitchell. The data from the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN) spacecraft aims to help scientists understand what happened to the water on Mars and the carbon dioxide in its atmosphere several billion years ago.How Mars lost its atmosphere is one of science's biggest sphere is one of science's biggest mysteries. The answers could shed light on the planet's potential to support life -even if that was just microbial life -long ago.
MAVEN's findings are also expected to help add to knowledge of how humans could survive on a future visit to the Red Planet, perhaps as early as 2030."Mars is a cool place , but there is not much atmosphere," said John Clarke of the MAVEN science team."It is very cold, it is well below zero.The atmosphere is about half a percent of what we are breathing," he added. "But we know that Mars could change and it was probably different in the past. There is a lot of evidence of flowing water on the surface from Mars' ancient history."
Next, MAVEN will enter a six-week phase for tests. It will then begin a one-year mission of studying the gases in Mars' upper atmosphere."We are looking at early November as the official start of science," said MAVEN principal investigator Bruce Jakosky.
Much of MAVEN's year-long mission will be spent circling the planet 3,730 miles above the surface. An Indian spacecraft, Mangalyaan, is expected to reach Mars."We are anxiously awaiting the arrival in two days of Mangalyaanand we are hoping for their success," said Jakosky."We are sending them the best wishes from the entire MAVEN team ."

A bumper listing: Sharda Cropchem soars 70%Sharda Cropchem lists at 75% premium to issue price
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 10.37AM IST
Tags:
( It surged 75.64 per cent,…)
MUMBAI: Sharda Cropchem, a crop protection chemical company, is holding onto intraday gains after a bumper listing.
At 12:45 p.m; the stock was at Rs 232.15, up 48.81 per cent, on the NSE. It surged 75.64 per cent, from its issue price of Rs 156, to touch all-time high of Rs 274 earlier in the day.
Sharda is engaged in marketing and distribution of wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally. It sources formulations/active ingredients from third party (primarily, China) for onward sale.
"About two years back we were 100% export oriented company, so 100% revenue was coming from exports. Two years back we acquired a small marketing company in India that is contributing to about 3 per cent of our revenue. Balance 97 per cent is coming from the exports," said RBV Bubna, MD, Sharda Cropchem in an interview to ET Now.
According to analysts at Ashika Research, the company has a strong balance sheet with healthy return ratios. It has maintained a focus on capital efficiency and has a conservative debt policy. It has the ability to leverage the balance sheet to take advantage of a favourable business cycle or market opportunity.
"It has strong return on capital employed (RoCE) of 25 per cent and return on equity (RoE) of close to 20 per cent. The net working capital days have also improved over the last four years and at the end of FY2014 the net working capital days stood at 99 days as compared with 143 days in FY2010," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Motors rides high following a streak of upgrades by brokers; CS sees 19% upsideTata Motors outperforms peers on upgrade by brokerages
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 12.17PM IST
Tags:
Analyst Recommendation
(The stock has outperformed…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Tata Motors, India's largest heavy and passenger vehicles maker, have been in an upward trajectory for the past one week.
The stock has outperformed peers and surged over 5 per cent in the last one week on streak of upgrades from global brokerages.
Credit Suisse has upgraded the stock to 'Outperform' from 'Neutral' and increased its target price to Rs 640 from Rs 510.
"We have been very constructive on JLR on a long-term view, but we downgraded the stock in April given our preference for pure India plays and some near-term concerns. Despite strong results, the stock has underperformed Indian 4W peers by >20 per cent over the past five months," Credit Suisse report said
The brokerage has increased its target price on expectations of higher volume.
"We have upgraded our FY17E volumes and introduced China JV numbers leading to a ~10 per cent upgrade to our estimates. We increase JLR target multiple to 4.5x, as it heads into another phase of sustained new launches driving 20 per cent plus volume growth, on our estimates," the report added.
Earlier this month, Jefferies had upgraded the stock to 'Buy' as it sees a strong momentum in JLR sales, recovery in domestic truck market and on lesser concerns on sustainability of profitability in China.
JLR's product momentum is set to continue with an imminent busy launch schedule, including the significant launch of small Jaguar.
"We forecast JLR's volumes to grow 11 per cent pa in FY14-17E, with Jaguar XE volumes at 75,000 in FY17E. After spiking in FY15E, JLR's margins will likely trend down thereafter as product portfolio shifts to lower priced vehicles and production shifts to JV in China but will partially be offset by cost savings from engine in-sourcing," Jefferies report said.
According to the brokerage, Tata Motors domestic volume is likely to grow 19 per cent p.a. in FY14-17E. Its car business is not out of the woods yet, though there is some hope of revival on the back of just-launched Zest and soon to be launched Bolt.
It has a 12-month target price of Rs 627 from Rs 415 earlier.
HDFC Securities' technical desk has recommended a 'Buy' on the stock as the stock is showing positive bias for the short term.
"Channel breakout has been witnessed a few weeks back and its throwback is complete last week. Now the price has moved above the earlier swing high of Rs 532 which validates the fresh up move from the low of Rs 491," the note said.
"Traders could buy the stock above Rs 543 with the stoploss of Rs 514 on closing basis for the targets of Rs 590 - 610," the note added.
At 11:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 540, up 0.11 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 544.50 and a low of Rs 535.55 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JSW expects to import 10 mln tonnes or more iron oreJSW expects to import 10 mln tonnes or more iron ore
Banking  metal stocks dropBanking  metal stocks drop
High Drama in Supreme Court as Female Lawyer Alleges Gangrape  Attempts SuicideHigh Drama in Supreme Court as Female Lawyer Alleges Gangrape  Attempts Suicide
PM Narendra Modi s visit to US may fuel fresh rally in India markets: AnalystsPM Narendra Modi s visit to US may fuel fresh rally in India markets: Analysts
Tech Mahindra to Manage IT Operations for AhlstromTech Mahindra to Manage IT Operations for Ahlstrom
BJP refuses further comments over seat-sharing tussle with Shiv SenaBJP refuses further comments over seat-sharing tussle with Shiv Sena
Pidilite Industries Buys Blue Coat s Adhesive BusinessPidilite Industries Buys Blue Coat s Adhesive Business
Faze Three Exp: AGM on Sept 27  2014Faze Three Exp: AGM on Sept 27  2014
Buy YES Bank  Delta Corp  GSFC  Bank of India: Ashish KapurLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy YES Bank, Delta Corp, GSFC, Bank of India: Ashish Kapur
Ashish Kapur of Invest Shoppe recommends going long in Bank of India with a target of Rs 300 and Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals (GSFC) with a target of Rs 117.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
In CNBC-TV18's popular show Bull's Eye, Ashish Kapur of Invest Shoppe shares his trading strategies for the day.
One can go long in  YES Bank  with a target of Rs 610. Yesterday there was good accumulation at lower levels. Within the private sector bank, I prefer this because the stock has somewhat underperformed over the last week or so after the FII limit has been touched.
One can go long in Delta Corp  with a target of Rs 107. Delta occupies a very unique position in the stock market in the sense that it has the only exposure to the gambling industry, which one can get on the Indian bourses. Though still early days, the company is reasonably well established and I think the outlook at least on the longer-term horizon looks very promising.
One can go long in Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals  (GSFC) with a target of Rs 117. GSFC has seen a very good momentum over the last few days. Fundamentally also the stock appears very interesting because we are expecting a good turnaround in their fertilizer business with a good increase in volume. Also the company has been undertaking to the view to augment capacity in both fertilizer as well as new areas.
One can go long in Bank of India  with a target of Rs 300. We are seeing a good build up in the Bank Nifty and banking stocks especially PSU banks seem to be coming back into limelight as the hope of an economic recovery and possible improvement in the NPA position appears very real.
RELATED NEWS

Why Motilal Oswal upgrades United Spirits to BuyLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Why Motilal Oswal upgrades United Spirits to Buy
Brokerage house Motilal Oswal has upgraded United Spirits from ‘NEUTRAL’ rating to ‘BUY’ citing bulk of the financial improvement to happen post FY16. The firm has set a target price of Rs 3000 based on the DCF valuation model .
Post your opinion here
 
Brokerage house Motilal Oswal has upgraded  United Spirits from ‘NEUTRAL’ rating to ‘BUY’ citing bulk of the financial improvement to happen post FY16. The firm has set a target price of Rs 3000 based on the DCF valuation model.
Multi year growth story provides a good compounding play
Diageo now control 55% of UNSP. We expect UNSP to embark on new journey with improved and strengthened balance sheet, focus on premiumization and cleaner governance practices.
Our optimism is backed by the solid long-term prospects for IMFL and UNSP’s dominant positioning in the same. With new management and better controls in place, we believe UNSP offers a unique multi-year play on IMFL growth story.
UNSP provides an interesting and liquid vehicle to ride the favorable demographics driven long term consumption story of India.
The 20% price correction after the conclusion of the open offer provides a good entry point. Our DCF-based target price of INR3,000 indicates an upside of 27%,prompting us to upgrade our stock rating from Neutral to Buy.
Regulation and taxation policy related risks, spike in RM cost, and potential corporate governance issues emanating from operating two different entities in similar business are key risk factors.
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Ebola cases to triple to 20 000 by Nov unless efforts raised: WHOEbola cases to triple to 20,000 by Nov unless efforts raised: WHO
AFP/PTI | Geneva Sep 23, 2014 11:15 AM IST
The number of Ebola infections will triple to 20,000 by November, soaring by the thousands every week if efforts are not significantly stepped up to stop the outbreak, the WHO warned today.
"Without drastic improvements in control measures, the numbers of cases of and deaths from Ebola are expected to continue increasing from hundreds to thousands per week in the coming months," the World Health Organization said in a study.
The current outbreak in West Africa has already claimed more than 2,800 lives and infected more than 5,800 people.
But the WHO study forecasts that if no significant action is taken, "the cumulative number of confirmed and probable cases by November 2 ... Will be 5,925 in Guinea, 9,939 in Liberia and 5,063 in Sierra Leone".
The total for those three countries alone will therefore surpass 20,000 cases, said the study published in the New England Journal of Medicine today.
That would also translate to a jump in the number of deaths as the experts suggest that the fatality in the current outbreak is much higher than the widely estimated one in two.
If only cases of deaths and recovery were taken into account, the fatality rate stands at about 71%, the study showed.
"We are seeing exponential growth and we need to act now," said Christopher Dye, co-author of the study jointly carried out with the Imperial College in London.
"If we don't stop the epidemic very soon, this is going to turn from a disaster into a catastrophe," he told reporters in Geneva, warning that the epidemic might simply "rumble on as it has for the last few months for the next few years."
"The fear is that Ebola will become more or less a permanent feature of the human population," warned Dye, who is the UN health agency's head of strategy.
Ebola fever can fell its victims within days, causing severe muscle pain, vomiting, diarrhoea and - in many cases - unstoppable internal and external bleeding.
It is one of the deadliest viruses known to man, and the current outbreak, which quietly began in southern Guinea last December, has by far killed more than all other Ebola outbreaks combined.
Prior to the current epidemic, the deadliest outbreak was the very first one on record, in Democratic Republic of Congo in 1976, when 280 people died.

China factory data reassures marketsStocks weak as risk appetite crumbles
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bb99ed8-42ce-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Happy Hobbit Day! Here s Where You Can Vacation Like Bilbo5 places where you can vacation like a hobbit on Hobbit Day
A. Pawlowski TODAY contributor
Email
©Warner Bros/Courtesy Everett Collection
"In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat: it was a hobbit-hole, and that means comfort." -- J.R.R. Tolkien
For an unusual adventure, let a hobbit be your travel guide.
Sept. 22 is Hobbit Day , which marks the birthdays of both Bilbo and Frodo Baggins, the beloved height-challenged, hairy-footed characters in J. R. R. Tolkien’s books.
This year, it also comes as fans await “The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies,” the final film in Peter Jackson’s trilogy – set to arrive in theaters in December.
Inspired to start your own unexpected journey yet? Here are five places where you can vacation like a hobbit:
1. The Shire of Montana
This may be the option closest to home, located on an 80-acre ranch near Trout Creek, the “huckleberry capital of Montana.”
When owner Steve Michaels was building an underground guest home that would stay cool in the summer, the contractor’s son remarked that it looked just like a hobbit hole.
Courtesy Steve Michaels
The Hobbit House in Montana has attracted visitors from as far away as Singapore, Japan, Australia and Germany, owner Steve Michaels says.
“That’s when a little bell went off,” Michaels told TODAY.com.
He didn’t know much about Tolkien’s work, so he started watching the “Lord of the Rings” trilogy to get the look just right, adding murals and filling the dwelling with whimsical wood furniture. 
The Hobbit House opened to guests in 2008, with Michaels adding more touches each year. There’s now a 20-acre village with miniature hobbit holes, dragon flies that light up at night and trees with hidden surprises.
“We didn’t make it for the money… this is more for my relaxation, my fun, my creativity,” Michaels said. “It’s an enchanted tourist home.”
If dressing up Middle-earth-style strikes your fancy, Michaels keeps accessories such as Gandalf’s hat and a pair of hairy hobbit feet on the premises so visitors can pose for photos.
The house is available to book from May through November. Price: $295 per night for double occupancy. Hobbithouseofmontana.com
2. Hobbiton Movie Set – near Matamata, New Zealand
As “Lord of the Rings” and “Hobbit” director Peter Jackson flew over New Zealand to scout for locations for his films, he loved this 1,250-acre sheep farm in the beautiful countryside as the setting for Hobbiton and Bag End, the home of Bilbo and Frodo.
Ian J Brodie / Hobbiton Movie Set
The Hobbiton Movie Set features 44 hobbit holes built for Peter Jackson's movies.
Constructed in 1999, and rebuilt in 2009, the set is open to guests eager to visit the hobbit holes featured in the movies, have a drink at the Green Dragon Inn and experience life, Shire-style. 
Though there are currently no accommodations on the site, the owners may look into adding that option, said sales manager Henry Horne.
Hobbiton does arrange farm stays with local families in nearby private homes for visitors seeking a “true kiwi lifestyle experience,” added Melissa Beets, manager of Rural Tours.
Price: NZ$75 (about $61) per adult for Hobbiton tours; NZ$155 (about $127) for double occupancy for the farm stays. Hobbitontours.com
3. Hobbit Motel -- Woodlyn Park, Otorohanga, New Zealand
Grass roof, check. Round doors and windows, check. Bucolic scenery, check. Welcome to the Hobbit Motel, built on a working farm that’s already known for its selection of unusual accommodations, including a Plane Motel and a Boat Motel.
Two units are available to book in the hobbit-themed inn, which is located near the Waitomo Glowworm Caves , a popular New Zealand attraction.
Price: NZ$285 (about $237) per night for double occupancy. Waitomomotel.co.nz
4. Hobbit Boutique Hotel – Bloemfontein, South Africa
Fans heading to New Zealand in search of all things “Hobbit” may be surprised that part of Tolkien’s legacy lies in Africa.
The author was born in 1892 in Bloemfontein, a city that is now part of South Africa, and that’s where you will find the Hobbit Boutique Hotel, which promises “top-notch accommodation with just a touch of JRR Tolkien history.”
Each room is named after a “Lord of the Rings” character, so when booking you can choose to stay in the “Frodo,” the “Bilbo” or the “Legolas” – 12 rooms in all.
Prices start at about $60 a night for a twin room. Hobbit.co.za
5. Hobbit Houses at the Wheal Tor Hotel – Cornwall, England
Call it camping, hobbit-style. Located near Bodmin Moor, this small hotel has built a handful of rustic “Hobbit Houses” with bright red doors and round windows in the nearby woods for guests who want to spend time closer to nature. Each cabin has heat and light, but some require visitors to bring their own beds.
Prices start at £12 ($20) per person per day. Bodminmoorhotel.co.uk
Happy hobbit travels!
Follow A. Pawlowski on Google+ and Twitter .
Tags:

For an unusual adventure  let a hobbit be your travel guide.5 places where you can vacation like a hobbit on Hobbit Day
A. Pawlowski TODAY contributor
Email
©Warner Bros/Courtesy Everett Collection
"In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the ends of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit down on or to eat: it was a hobbit-hole, and that means comfort." -- J.R.R. Tolkien
For an unusual adventure, let a hobbit be your travel guide.
Sept. 22 is Hobbit Day , which marks the birthdays of both Bilbo and Frodo Baggins, the beloved height-challenged, hairy-footed characters in J. R. R. Tolkien’s books.
This year, it also comes as fans await “The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies,” the final film in Peter Jackson’s trilogy – set to arrive in theaters in December.
Inspired to start your own unexpected journey yet? Here are five places where you can vacation like a hobbit:
1. The Shire of Montana
This may be the option closest to home, located on an 80-acre ranch near Trout Creek, the “huckleberry capital of Montana.”
When owner Steve Michaels was building an underground guest home that would stay cool in the summer, the contractor’s son remarked that it looked just like a hobbit hole.
Courtesy Steve Michaels
The Hobbit House in Montana has attracted visitors from as far away as Singapore, Japan, Australia and Germany, owner Steve Michaels says.
“That’s when a little bell went off,” Michaels told TODAY.com.
He didn’t know much about Tolkien’s work, so he started watching the “Lord of the Rings” trilogy to get the look just right, adding murals and filling the dwelling with whimsical wood furniture. 
The Hobbit House opened to guests in 2008, with Michaels adding more touches each year. There’s now a 20-acre village with miniature hobbit holes, dragon flies that light up at night and trees with hidden surprises.
“We didn’t make it for the money… this is more for my relaxation, my fun, my creativity,” Michaels said. “It’s an enchanted tourist home.”
If dressing up Middle-earth-style strikes your fancy, Michaels keeps accessories such as Gandalf’s hat and a pair of hairy hobbit feet on the premises so visitors can pose for photos.
The house is available to book from May through November. Price: $295 per night for double occupancy. Hobbithouseofmontana.com
2. Hobbiton Movie Set – near Matamata, New Zealand
As “Lord of the Rings” and “Hobbit” director Peter Jackson flew over New Zealand to scout for locations for his films, he loved this 1,250-acre sheep farm in the beautiful countryside as the setting for Hobbiton and Bag End, the home of Bilbo and Frodo.
Ian J Brodie / Hobbiton Movie Set
The Hobbiton Movie Set features 44 hobbit holes built for Peter Jackson's movies.
Constructed in 1999, and rebuilt in 2009, the set is open to guests eager to visit the hobbit holes featured in the movies, have a drink at the Green Dragon Inn and experience life, Shire-style. 
Though there are currently no accommodations on the site, the owners may look into adding that option, said sales manager Henry Horne.
Hobbiton does arrange farm stays with local families in nearby private homes for visitors seeking a “true kiwi lifestyle experience,” added Melissa Beets, manager of Rural Tours.
Price: NZ$75 (about $61) per adult for Hobbiton tours; NZ$155 (about $127) for double occupancy for the farm stays. Hobbitontours.com
3. Hobbit Motel -- Woodlyn Park, Otorohanga, New Zealand
Grass roof, check. Round doors and windows, check. Bucolic scenery, check. Welcome to the Hobbit Motel, built on a working farm that’s already known for its selection of unusual accommodations, including a Plane Motel and a Boat Motel.
Two units are available to book in the hobbit-themed inn, which is located near the Waitomo Glowworm Caves , a popular New Zealand attraction.
Price: NZ$285 (about $237) per night for double occupancy. Waitomomotel.co.nz
4. Hobbit Boutique Hotel – Bloemfontein, South Africa
Fans heading to New Zealand in search of all things “Hobbit” may be surprised that part of Tolkien’s legacy lies in Africa.
The author was born in 1892 in Bloemfontein, a city that is now part of South Africa, and that’s where you will find the Hobbit Boutique Hotel, which promises “top-notch accommodation with just a touch of JRR Tolkien history.”
Each room is named after a “Lord of the Rings” character, so when booking you can choose to stay in the “Frodo,” the “Bilbo” or the “Legolas” – 12 rooms in all.
Prices start at about $60 a night for a twin room. Hobbit.co.za
5. Hobbit Houses at the Wheal Tor Hotel – Cornwall, England
Call it camping, hobbit-style. Located near Bodmin Moor, this small hotel has built a handful of rustic “Hobbit Houses” with bright red doors and round windows in the nearby woods for guests who want to spend time closer to nature. Each cabin has heat and light, but some require visitors to bring their own beds.
Prices start at £12 ($20) per person per day. Bodminmoorhotel.co.uk
Happy hobbit travels!
Follow A. Pawlowski on Google+ and Twitter .
Tags:

Clean Heir Act: Rockefeller Trust Dumping Fossil Fuelsclean heir act: rockefeller trust dumping fossil fuels
No work but big pay for Lalit ModiNo work but big pay for Lalit Modi
N Sundaresha Subramanian | New Delhi Sep 23, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Lalit Modi might be famous for his penchant for cricket administration and his ongoing tussle with International Cricket Council chief N Srinivasan, but it is his father,  K K Modi’s empire that accounts for a significant portion of his earnings.
Modi, famous for having made Indian Premier League (IPL) a household name, is seeking reappointment as director of Godrfey Phillips India (GPI), flagship company of the K K Modi group.
But corporate governance experts are opposed to this, saying Modi didn’t attend even a single board meeting of the company during 2013-14 and yet, got Rs 1.7 crore as annual remuneration.
MAN WITH THE MOOLAH
Lalit Modi is seeking reappointment as director of Godrfey Phillips India, the flagship company of the K K Modi group
 
Rs 1.10 crore: The amount that Modi was paid for 2012-13. That year, he  he attended only one board meeting, through teleconferencing
 
For the past two years, Modi has been based in London after Indian authorities initiated legal proceedings against him
 
The proxy advisory firm has asked shareholders to vote against the resolution seeking Modi’s reappointment
Explaining the rationale behind the remuneration, the company had said, “Lalit Kumar Modi has been a prominent member of the board, serving the company through the last two decades. Presently, he is a non-executive director in the company. In recognition of his strong entrepreneurial skills, valuable strategic advice and the assistance provided by him in supporting various business initiatives of the company, the board accorded its approval to remunerate him by way of commission under section 309(4) (b) of the Companies Act, 1956.”
Proxy advisory firm Stakeholders’ Empowerment Services said the company should disclose why it was paying commission to only one non-executive director. “The remuneration of Modi is not aligned to those of other non-executive directors. It is higher than that paid to the board’s chairman. He has not attended the last three AGMs (annual general meetings); in the last three years, he has attended only seven per cent of all board meetings.”
In 2012-13, he attended only one board meeting, through teleconferencing. For that year, he was paid Rs 1.10 crore.
As the pay package of R Ramamurthy, a non-promoter executive director , doesn’t include a performance-based component, it is felt the company’s remuneration policy is skewed in favour of promoters.
Experts believe the remuneration to executive directors should be aligned with the company’s performance and should, therefore, include a variable performance-based component.
“Lalit K Modi was paid Rs 170 lakh as remuneration, 85 times the remuneration paid to the next highest-paid non-executive director/independent director. This indicates the company’s remuneration policy is highly skewed in favour of promoters,” Stakeholders’ Empowerment Services said.
The proxy advisory firm has asked shareholders to vote against the resolution seeking Modi’s reappointment.
An email seeking comment to a Godfrey Phillips spokesperson on Saturday did not elicit any response. Lalit Modi, too, didn’t respond to a message left on his website, www.lalitmodi.com.
Through the past couple of years, Modi has been based in London, following Indian authorities initiating legal proceedings against him over allegations of irregularities in the IPL.

Choppers might be allowed in commuter airline fleetsChoppers might be allowed in commuter airline fleets
Sharmistha Mukherjee | New Delhi Sep 23, 2014 12:49 AM IST
The Business Aircraft Operators' Association (BAOA) has sought helicopters be included in the policy for promoting air connectivity to unserved and underserved destinations.
The association of air charters and non-scheduled aircraft operators, in its recommendations on the draft policy on regional and remote connectivity, has pointed out, "The discussion paper has not taken into consideration operations for providing remote-area connectivity. Helicopters are required to be engaged due to terrain restrictions  in vast areas of Jammu & Kashmir, the northeast, Andaman & Nicobar Islands and Lakshadweep. It is suggested that helicopters may also be included to provide air connectivity to underserved and unserved towns in these areas."
Among other suggestions, the association has said ground handling charges be rationalised for aircraft suited for regional connectivity. Ground handling charges range from Rs 4,000 at Pantnagar airport to Rs 26,041 at Indore airport.
ADDING WINGS
The BAOA has sought helicopters be included in the policy for promoting air connectivity to unserved and underserved destinations
 
The government is planning to permit non-scheduled operators to publish schedules and operate flights as a scheduled commuter airline, provided they fly within 87 identified towns
 
At present, non-scheduled operators cannot publish a flight schedule
"We have sought rationalising of these charges for operations to become viable. The reason for such wide variation in ground handling charges is these are the prerogative of airport directors who float tenders to hire ground handlers," said Group Captain Bali, secretary of the BAOA. The ministry of civil aviation is also considering a request to allow non-scheduled operators their own ground handling on regional and remote routes.
The government is planning to permit non-scheduled operators to publish schedules and operate flights as a scheduled commuter airline provided they fly within 87 identified towns. At present, non-scheduled operators cannot publish flight schedules. Non-scheduled operators will be allowed to fly to any one metro city but they cannot have a base or hub there. The BAOA requested doing away with this condition and instead proposed concessions be given only on routes between one metro city and an incentive town or between two incentive towns. "This gives a scheduled commuter airline freedom to grow," BAOA held.
The draft policy requires scheduled commuter airlines to operate at least four flights a week on regional routes. They can operate in any region but to or from only one metro city. If they fail to comply, they will be categorised as air charter operators  by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation.
BAOA argued that since the concept of scheduled commuter airline was being introduced in India, regulation needed to be flexible for the first three years. "In case a scheduled commuter airline company fails to fulfil its committed flights due to commercial reasons, the 'appropriate action' should be limited to downgrading it to an air charter operator permit holder, after giving it three-six months for corrective action. Upgrading back to a scheduled commuter airline should be expeditious once a 'downgraded operator' displays the ability to fulfil scheduled requirements," BAOA said.
BAOA has also suggested modifications in the draft policy guidelines that enable large airlines like IndiGo, Jet Airways and Go Air to purchase credits from non-scheduled operators and regional carriers to meet commitments to deploy 6 per cent of their capacity on metro routes among 87 identified towns and within Jammu & Kashmir (Srinagar, Jammu and Leh).
The draft policy had held that non-scheduled operators with aircraft that can fly 20 passengers or less be given four credits per passenger kilometre flown, compared with 1.5 credits to larger scheduled carriers flying bigger planes. Non-scheduled operators and regional carriers can sell these credits to the larger carriers.

Infosys  Wipro to help Dell treble services ...You are here: Home > Collections
IT veterans from Infosys and Wipro to help Dell treble services revenue in few years
Pankaj Mishra & Varun Sood, ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 07.07AM IST
Tags:
Cognizant
(“We want to double, triple,…)
BANGALORE: Michael S Dell wants to more than treble the software services revenue in a "few years", an ambition that the entrepreneur is betting on his team of leaders handpicked from Indian outsourcing giants such as Infosys and Wipro.
Significantly, the founder, chairman and CEO of the Texas-based computer hardware and services firm believes ever since going private, Dell has been able to focus more on clients without being distracted by "activist shareholders" and invest in some of the long-term strategies, including investing in cloud, security and analytics space.
"We want to double, triple, quadruple our (services) business," Dell said in a phone interview last week, outlining his ambitions on services play for the first time. "There are 10 companies which have 1% of the $3 trillion IT industry, we have about 2%. We would want to have 3-4% in the years to come," he said from Brussels where he's been meeting customers. To be sure, Dell had a services unit in addition to selling desktops before it was taken private earlier this year.
The company first handpicked Wipro veteran Suresh Vaswani in December 2012 to steer its services business, who since then has aggressively built a core team by poaching executives from Infosys, Wipro and Hewlett Packard. "(But) remember the IT industry itself will be more than $3 trillion in years to come, and with internet of things (IoT), industry will grow beyond $3 trillion and we would want to bring solutions to capture a bigger share of the growing pie," Dell said.
INSIDE DELL STRATEGY
The centerpiece of Dell's turnaround strategy is based on combining existing IPs within to create software platforms and build newer solutions around disruptive technologies in IoT. Dell's chest thumping on IP hinges on its aggressive play in acquiring companies — it has bought over two dozen firms in the last five years, from StatSoft in advanced analytics to SecureWorks in security space, thereby helping it provide end-toend solutions to its customers.
Over the past one year, Vaswani has been able to convince top Indian IT executives such as Anand Sankaran, a Wipro veteran, Prasad Thrikutam, a high profile Infosys leader among others, to join Dell — "the world's largest startup" as described by its founder.
"If you look at the industry, it needs some freshness, and I will say we are providing that freshness," Vaswani told ET in an interview. "Indian IT services come from a particular angle and HP, EDS are monoliths so to speak. We say a different story, and we don't have legacy. And we have lots of IP."
Thrikutam, who was hired by Nandan Nilekani in 1995 at Infosys, joined Dell last month. "Most companies have a constraint on which path they can take because if they are a public company, they have to follow quarterly targets. Michael said I can choose the path I want, so I have control over my destiny — that was the clincher for me to join," Thrikutam said.
 
Officials said the firm's ability to invest in new services opportunities has become better, and faster after delisting.
"You are sitting in a meeting, and we say we should grow more on healthcare and we need tens of millions of dollar. And it is done. We don't have to go to shareholders to seek their approval," said Vaswani.
COMPETING WITH THE INCUMBENTS
But to compete with the likes of IBM, Accenture and Indian service providers, Dell would need more than just the flexibility of a privately-held company. On one hand, IBM is putting a multi-billion dollar bet on its autonomics solution Watson, and on the other hand India-based software services companies such as Cognizant Technology Solutions are beginning to challenge Dell in the healthcare services market. Cognizant acquired Trizetto for $2.7 billion a week ago, after hitting a slow patch of revenue growth during past year. Some analysts, including IDC, believe that Dell is not strong as IBM, Accenture or Infosys in services play as Dell still approach the market from the technology perspective, rather than a business one.
"Their (Dell) actual share is limited, despite the ambition. (But) services will play an increasing role for Dell — especially as they continue their move towards the what we (IDC) call the 3rd platform of IT : mobility, cloud, social and big data, " said Lionel Lamy, associate VP, European services, workplace & mobility, network life cycle, Internet of Things at IDC, the research firm. "In other words, the strategy is there, the services portfolio is aligned ... all they need is to execute and gain market presence (awareness) as well as market share. This will take time," he added.

Arab Bank liable for terror financingArab Bank found liable for terror financing
By Camilla Hall in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d5565316-429c-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Garba: BJP MLAs meet calls for ID checks  singing of Vande MataramE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Quartz Daily BriefEurope editionUS bombs Syria  UN climate summit  Chinese manufacturing gains  Yahoo for freeSeptember 23, 2014
What to watch for today
The UN discusses climate change without two of the biggest players. China’s Xi Jinping and India’s Narendra Modi won’t attend  the UN climate summit in New York (though lowlier officials will). About 650 investors have promised to divest $50 billion from fossil fuels.
Cruises make a comeback. Carnival reports quarterly earnings , and sales are expected to rise slightly as the company continues to recover from its various disasters . It’s  looking to Asia for growth, with new sales offices planned in several countries.
Recriminations in Scotland, relief in England. Expect some fur to fly in Edinburgh as the Scottish parliament holds its first session since last week’s failed bid for independence. Meanwhile, it will be interesting to see what Labor leader Ed Miliband has to say  at the party’s annual conference in Manchester.
US manufacturing gets a check-up. Markit will release its flash manufacturing purchasing managers’ index for September while the Richmond Fed releases its manufacturing and services indices for the month.
While you were sleeping
The US and its Arab allies begin airstrikes in Syria. Following president Barack Obama’s vow to “degrade and destroy” the extremist group that calls itself the Islamic State, the Pentagon deployed bombers, fighters, armed drones, and cruise missiles  against the group’s de facto capital of Raqqa, Syria and its forces along the Iraq border. Military aircraft from Bahrain, Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates took part in the strikes, US officials told the New York Times .
China’s manufacturing picked up steam. The HSBC/Markit flash purchasing managers’ index for September stood at 50.5 , compared to 50.2 for August, representing a greater expansion in manufacturing activity. The new data should ease fears that the economy is  sputtering despite the government’s “mini-stimulus .”
Ukraine prepared to withdraw its heavy artillery. President Petro Poroshenko said he would move the weapons from the country’s conflict-ridden eastern regions because the ceasefire with pro-Russian rebels is mostly holding , and that any continued fighting is being waged by small independent groups.
The US got tough on companies skimping on their taxes. The Obama administration is cracking down on tax inversions  (paywall), whereby a US company reduces its effective tax rate by merging with a foreign one and moving its headquarters abroad. New rules from the Treasury would complicate or disqualify  deals like Burger King’s acquisition of Canada’s Tim Hortons last month.
Ebola cases could reach 21,000 by November. The World Health Organization said the number of infections is rising exponentially —it took a full six months to reach the current 5,800 illnesses. A lack of basic medical necessities in the hardest-hit countries is hampering efforts to contain the virus.
The SEC made a whistleblower very rich. The US financial regulator announced a $30 million reward —double the 2013 record of $14 million—to a tipster who helped it uncover a “difficult-to-detect” fraud. It’s the 14th such award since the SEC launched its program two years ago, and the fourth awarded to someone outside the US.
Quartz obsession interlude
Dan Frommer on why the iPhone 6 Plus is the slightly-larger-than-pocket size computer we’ve been waiting for. “For the past two years, since the iPad mini launched, I’ve wanted to take it everywhere. But to my frustration, that just hasn’t happened. It’s too big for most pockets, and it feels silly to carry a backpack around just for an iPad mini. My hope for the iPhone 6 Plus was that it would be an iPad mini that I don’t need a bag for. And so far, that’s exactly what it has been.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
Iraq as a nation is a figment of the White House’s imagination. The Kurds have a very different perspective .
Alibaba could buy Yahoo for free. All that’s standing in the way is  Yahoo’s wounded pride .
Germany’s billions of euros to go green were well spent. Sometimes subsidies are necessary .
It’s not Uber’s job to take care of its drivers. If governments fail to provide, businesses shouldn’t have to pick up the slack .
Apple’s new headquarters will be the greenest building on the planet. At least that’s what Tim Cook claims .
Surprising discoveries
Ferarri is recalling 3,000 cars. There were fears that drivers could get  trapped in the trunk .
Condoms can be used in the kitchen too. An unusual Japanese cookbook aims to reverse the falling popularity of the prophylactic .
Sheryl Sandberg is a comic-book heroine. She joins Mother Teresa and Michelle Obama in a series of graphic biographies .
Eating the evidence may not save you from jail. A man who wrote stock tips on bar napkins and then chewed them up  was convicted of insider trading all the same.
Eating with overweight people makes you eat more. Scientists used an actress in a fatsuit to test their theory.
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, napkin stock tips, and Ferrari escape plans to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

WHO: Ebola cases to spike by November if no steps taken against outbreakE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Monsoon may begin withdrawal from north India todayE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

10 mn iPhone 6  6 Plus sold  says Apple IncE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hong Kong students take anti-Beijing strike to government headquartersStudents stage a rally at the Chinese University of Hong Kong campus in Hong Kong, (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Hong Kong | Posted: September 23, 2014 11:56 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 12:42 pm
 
Hong Kong students took their anti-Beijing strike to the government headquarters on Tuesday, with hundreds gathering at the harbourside complex to protest against China’s refusal to grant full democracy to the city.
Organisers said 13,000 university students massed at a northern campus on Monday to launch a week-long boycott of classes, a strong showing that breathed new life into the democracy campaign which had been stunned by Beijing’s hardline stance.
Activists have said the student protest marks the start of a campaign of civil disobedience to protest against China’s plan to vet nominees for the leadership of the former British colony, dashing hopes for full universal suffrage at the 2017 polls.
There were unruly scenes as a group of students rushed towards Hong Kong’s leader, chief executive Leung Chun-ying, when he emerged from the building after holding a press conference.
Security officials held the students back as they tried to speak with Leung, and escorted them from the grounds as dozens of media joined the melee.
“We have paid close attention to the demands for the election in 2017 by the university students,” Leung had said at the press conference, adding that Beijing’s proposals were an improvement on the current state of democracy.
“You can see that he has no intention of having a dialogue with the students,” said Alex Chow, chairman of the Hong Kong Federation of Students and one of the activists who ran up to Leung.
Chow threatened an escalation of the protest action if Leung refuses to speak with students within 48 hours.
Despite the warnings, the park outside the Hong Kong government’s Tamar headquarters was taking on a carnival atmosphere as protesters trickled in under the summer sun, to attend a programme including lectures on the lawns.
“The government officials, the legislators, they can look out their window and see us calling for true democracy,” 20-year-old political science student Ester Wong told AFP.
“Someone needs to take the lead in showing the government they’re wrong, and this time it’s up to the students,” said Ryan Lo, 19, a theatre student.
“We oppose the Chinese government trying to limit the freedoms Hong Kong people deserve,” Lo said.
Tensions in Hong Kong are at their highest in years, fuelled by rising inequality as well as Beijing’s perceived political interference in the affairs of the semi-autonomous territory.

Sensex slips over 100 points; top 20 stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex slips over 450 points, Nifty below 8050; top 20 intraday bets
ET Now Sep 23, 2014, 03.08PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped over 450 points in intraday trade on Tuesday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets.
The fall in the index was led by losses in L&T, M&M, ITC and ICICI Bank .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial 8050 level.
At 3:21 pm, the Sensex was at 26,750.12; down 456.62 points.
The Nifty was at 8,012.10; down 134.20 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 216 and a stop loss of Rs 200
Tata Motors DVR is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 367
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3060 and a stop loss of Rs 2980
IGL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 450 and a stop loss of Rs 420
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Geometric Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 175 and a stop loss of Rs 157
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 322
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1775 and a stop loss of Rs 1699
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 335 and a stop loss of Rs 317
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 75.50 and a stop loss of Rs 68.50
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 334 and a stop loss of Rs 318
Hindalco Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 151 and a stop loss of Rs 163
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2850 and a stop loss of Rs 2710
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
CESC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 825 and a stop loss of Rs 775
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 354
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 606 and a stop loss of Rs 583
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
Dabur India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 219
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 145 and a stop loss of Rs 133.50
GAIL India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 467 and a stop loss of Rs 439
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Kolte Patil Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 198 and a stop loss of Rs 188
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 368 and a stop loss of Rs 356
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Panmure Gordon profit turnroundPanmure Gordon shows sign of turnround with profit
By Harriet Agnew, City Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/74c6b712-4282-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nifty Struggles Amid Broad Decline  IT Stocks Buck TrendYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Struggle Amid Choppy Trade
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 11:49 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled in noon trade amid choppy trade, with selling pressure seen in banking, oil & gas, metal and realty stocks.
The losses were capped however due to gains in IT stocks. The Sensex was down 70 points to 27,136 while Nifty fell 21 points to 8,125.
The BSE midcap and smallcap indices gave up most of its early gains and were trading flat. The breadth on the markets also turned weak with 1,375 stocks declining on the BSE and 1,110 advancing.
Mayuresh Joshi of Angel Broking expects the markets to remain rangebound in the near term. He recommends investors booking some profit in select FMCG and midcap counters that in which valuations remain stretched.
Buying by foreign investors slowed down in the past week with foreign institutional investors (FIIs) selling on average Rs 73 crore per day between September 16-19. In comparison, their average daily buying during September 9-15 stood at Rs 393 crore and during September 1-8 at Rs 990 crore.
Sanjay Sinha, founder of Citrus Advisors, termed the current dip in FII buying as "episodic" and he expects a pick-up soon. A pick-up in buying from domestic investors will partly compensate for the fall in FII buying, he added.
Among IT stocks, HCL Tech, Wipro, and Tech Mahindra were up between 0.70 per cent and 1.5 per cent.
Among metal stocks, JSPL, NMDC, Hindalco were down nearly 1.5 per cent. The softening in global commodity prices weighed on the metal stocks with the BSE sectoral index falling 7.5 per cent in past one month.
DLF fell over 3 per cent to be the biggest loser among Nifty stocks. BNP Paribas downgraded DLF to "reduce" from "hold", cutting target price to Rs 146 from Rs 169.
Elsewhere in other global markets, Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat today. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 11:47 (IST)

Gold struggles near 8-1/2-month lows on fund outflowsGold struggles near 8-1/2-month lows on fund outflows
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Sept 23:  
Gold ticked up on Tuesday but was stuck near its lowest in almost nine months, hurt by outflows from the top bullion-backed exchange-traded fund as investors adjust positions due to concerns over higher US interest rates and strength in the dollar.
Investors pulled out of SPDR Gold Trust, the top gold-backed exchange-traded fund, for a second day in a row, with the fund’s holdings falling to 774.65 tonnes on Monday - its lowest since December 2008. The fund is a good representation of investor sentiment due to the size of its holdings.
Spot gold
Spot gold edged up 0.2 per cent to $1,216.90 an ounce by 0617 GMT after dropping for two straight days. The precious metal could be seeing some safe-haven buying as the United States and several Gulf Arab allies launched air and missile strikes on Islamic State strongholds in Syria on Tuesday, opening a new, far more complicated front in the battle against the militants.
But despite the slight gain, spot prices remained near an 8-1/2 month low of $1,208.36 reached in the previous session. Silver slipped 0.7 per cent to $17.58, edging closer to a four-year low of $17.30 hit on Monday.
Funds run by ETF Securities also saw outflows from precious metals last week due to diminishing global risks and dollar strength, said Danny Laidler, head of the firm’s Australia & New Zealand operations.
“Precious metals saw the largest outflows in over a year, with silver and both long and short gold exchange-traded products seeing outflows,’’ said Laidler, adding that $263 million was pulled out of precious metals funds last week.
“We view the current gold price as a very attractive entry point for longer-term investors,’’ he said.
Fed interest rate hike
Bullion’s appeal has been hurt as the dollar hovers nears a four-year high against a basket of major currencies as speculation mounts that the US Federal Reserve would increase interest rates sooner than expected. Higher interest rates would hurt gold, a non-interest bearing asset.
Traders believe gold could extend the slide to below $1,200 and possibly to 2013 lows of $1,180, as there is little support from technicals and physical buying.
“The strength of the dollar continues to put pressure on all precious metals, with gold looking likely to make a play for $1,200 in the coming sessions,’’ MKS Group said in a note.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Congress  NCP seat-sharing talks inconclusiveCongress, NCP seat-sharing talks inconclusive
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
Congress and NCP leaders met this morning to decide on seat sharing for the Maharashtra Assembly elections but the talks were “inconclusive.”
Senior Congress leader Narayan Rane told presspersons that the two sides have decided to meet again at 8.30 pm as “no solution could be arrived at.”
The meeting was held at Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan’s official residence — Varsha.
The Congress has been refusing to yield to the NCP’s demand for equal seats, while the latter has rejected the offer of 124 of the State’s 288 Assembly seats.
NCP leader Praful Patel and Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar, State party chief Sunil Tatkare, and other leaders attended the meeting to resolve the seat-sharing deadlock and salvage the 15-year-old alliance.
State Congress chief Manikrao Thakre, who was present at the meeting, also said the “talks were inconclusive.”
NCP’s core committee chaired by party chief Sharad Pawar had gone into a huddle here yesterday where it reaffirmed that the alliance should continue but insisted on getting a larger share of the state’s 288 Assembly seats than the 124 offered by Congress.
The NCP had contested 114 seats and the Congress 174 in the 2009 Assembly elections. The former has been insisting on fielding candidates in half of the 288 seats, citing it had double the number of Lok Sabha seats in the State than the Congress. In the worst-ever performance for the ruling alliance, NCP had won 4 Lok Sabha seats against the Congress’ 2.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Paswan s wish to hike food handouts could further undermine WTO dealPaswan's wish to hike food handouts could further undermine WTO deal
Reuters | New Delhi Sep 23, 2014 11:47 AM IST
Government should increase handouts of subsidised grain, Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan was quoted as saying, in a move that would backtrack on long-term commitments to reduce food stockpiling and undermine vestigial hopes of salvaging a global trade accord.
Paswan said in a newspaper interview that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's four-month-old government wanted to hike monthly handouts of food grains like rice by 40% from the current five kilogrammes per person.
"The focus of the government would be on providing food security to all," Paswan told Economic Times. "With huge stocks of grain in the country we want to increase (the) monthly entitlement to 7 kg."
It was not immediately clear whether Paswan, who represents a regional party in Modi's nationalist coalition, was speaking on behalf of the government.
If implemented, an increase in distribution of cheap food to the bulk of India's population would run counter to Modi's strategy of financial 'inclusion' that foresees gradually shifting to paying welfare benefits in money; and not in kind.
It would also boost the food subsidy bill that is already budgeted at $19 billion for the fiscal year through to March 2015 at a time when Finance Minister Arun Jaitley faces a challenge to meet fiscal targets.
India is at loggerheads with the World Trade Organization over its decision to veto a landmark accord because it wanted more attention paid to its demand to be able to stockpile subsidised crops to ensure security of supplies.
In a filing earlier this month, government disclosed that it spent a total of $56 billion on farm support and food stockpiling in 2010-11, arguing that it was conforming to agreed limits on agricultural subsidies.
India's veto has derailed implementation of the WTO trade facilitation agreement struck last year in Bali that would have simplified and standardised procedures for moving goods across borders.
The deal was the most significant achievement in the WTO's 19-year-old history and, according to some estimates, would add $1 trillion and 21 million jobs to the world economy.

Tesco parachutes in new FDTesco parachutes in new finance director early
By Andrea Felsted
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c762a970-42ed-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Zomato acquires Polands GastronauciHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Zomato acquires Poland’s Gastronauci
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
Online restaurant guide Zomato has acquired Poland’s restaurant search service, Gastronauci, for an undisclosed sum as part of its ongoing expansion strategy in Europe.
This is the fourth global acquisition of the company within a span of three months. It had acquired New Zealand-based restaurant search service MenuMania in July 2014. Czech Republic’s Lunchtime.cz and Obedovat.sk of Slovakia became a part of Zomato on August 22, 2014.
Commenting on the latest development, Zomato Founder and CEO Deepinder Goyal said: “Both Zomato and Gastronauci are committed towards building the best platform possible to connect users and the restaurant industry. We are excited to work on building an integrated product combining our technology with Gastronauci’s exhaustive reach in Poland.”
The team at Gastronauci will be working closely with the Zomato team following this acquisition, Zomato said.
“This is an exciting new chapter for us and we look forward to working with Zomato and use their technology and product expertise to bring a new enhanced experience for both consumers and merchants,” Gastronauci Founder and CEO Ola Lazar said.
Zomato is planning to expand into multiple geographies in the immediate future and expansion in Europe is one of its key focus areas, Zomato International Operations Director Pramod Rao said.
The company said that the three acquisitions in the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Poland are strategic moves to establish Zomato’s presence as a leader in the restaurant discovery space in Central and Eastern Europe.
Started in 2008 by Deepinder Goyal and Pankaj Chaddah, Zomato provides information of over 2,60,000 restaurants across 16 countries. It currently serves over 25 million monthly visitors globally.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

European shares fall in early tradeEuropean shares fall in early trade
Reuters
Tweet
Paris, Sept 23:  
European shares fell in early trade on Tuesday, adding to the previous session’s pull-back as data showing French business activity contracting again in September rattled investors.
Shares in Raiffeisen Bank International featured among the top losers, down 10 per cent after the Austrian lender said hits from Ukraine and Hungary will likely push it to its first-ever annual loss in 2014.
At 0706 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was down 0.4 per cent at 1,388.32 points, after losing 0.6 per cent on Monday.
Markit said its preliminary composite purchasing managers index for France, covering activity in both the services and manufacturing sectors and covering around two-thirds of the economy, eased to 49.1 this month from 49.5 in August.
That marked the weakest level of activity in three months and brought the index further below the 50 point line that separates expansions in activity from contractions.
Investors also awaited similar data for Germany and the euro zone due later.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Private renewable energy cos pitch for preferential tariff modelPrivate renewable energy cos pitch for preferential tariff model
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sep 23:  
Private renewable energy firms are pitching for switching to the “preferential tariff” route from the current competitive bidding for future green power projects as they feel it is more viable.
According to a Power Ministry official, private power generation firms are asking the government to go back to the preferential tariff model for setting up renewable power projects.
Preferential Tariff is the tariff fixed by the Appropriate Commission for sale of energy from a generating station using renewable energy sources to a distribution licensee.
The official said the companies are of the view that the preferential route mode is more economically viable than the competitive bidding model.
As per the competitive bidding model, the firms quote lesser tariff than the threshold set by the regulator and the lowest bidder is awarded the project.
As per official estimates of the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE), the total renewable capacity at the end of December 2013 was 29,989 MW.
Going forward, the government is expecting US $100 billion investment in the renewable energy sector in the next four years as it firms up a new policy framework for the same.
The MNRE is currently working on a renewable energy policy to attract investments in the space by providing tax breaks and cheaper loans.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

India to focus on UNSC reform  terrorism at UN General AssemblyIndia to focus on UNSC reform, terrorism at UN General Assembly
Press Trust of India | United Nations Sep 23, 2014 12:11 PM IST
Early reform of the UN Security Council, terrorism and peacekeeping will be among the main issues that India will pursue during the world body's General Assembly session, Indian Ambassador to the UN has said.
 
Highlighting the broad areas that will occupy India's attention during the 69th session of the UN's 193-member body, Asoke Mukerji said his delegation will focus on the "unfinished business of 2005 (which is) the early reform of the UN Security Council."
 
He said the last seven rounds of discussions have "thrown up enough material" for UN member states to now begin negotiating the early reform of the Security Council on the basis of a negotiation text.
 
Briefing reporters here yesterday ahead of the start of the high-level General Debate on September 24, Mukerji said, "The Intergovernmental Negotiations on UNSC reform have continued to remain deadlocked because of the absence of text. India will press for a text-based process of negotiations in the IGN whose 11th round will commence in the 69th General Assembly."
 
"Without a text it is not possible for us to demonstrate any constructive approach on this subject," he said.
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address the UN General Assembly on September 27. Mukerji did not give details of the other engagements of Modi.
 
On terrorism, India will continue to strive for progress towards finalisation of the draft Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism.
 
"India will also initiate action for the listing of terrorists of security concern to us by the Al-Qaeda and Taliban Sanctions Committees of the UN Security Council. On September 25, the Council would adopt a resolution on counter-terrorism, an area which has been important for India for the last three decades," Mukerji said.
 
"India is one of the countries suffering from terrorism and we are happy that finally the impact of foreign terrorist fighters on peace and stability is being recognised specifically by the UN," he said.
 

Maharashtra Assembly polls: Cong  NCP seat-sharing talksinconclusivePrint
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:30 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 12:54 pm
Congress and NCP leaders met this morning to decide on seat sharing for Maharashtra Assembly elections but the talks were “inconclusive.”
Senior Congress leader Narayan Rane said that the two sides have decided to meet again at 8.30 PM as “no solution could be arrived at.”
The meeting was held at Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan’s official residence – Varsha.
Congress has been refusing to yield to NCP’s demand for equal seats, while the latter has rejected offer of 124 of the state’s 288 Assembly seats.
NCP leader Praful Patel and Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar, state party chief Sunil Tatkare and other leaders attended the meeting, to resolve the seat-sharing deadlock and salvage the 15-year-old alliance.
State Congress chief Manikrao Thakre, who was present at the meeting, also said the “talks were inconclusive.”
NCP’s core committee chaired by party chief Sharad Pawar had gone into a huddle in Mumbai on Monday where it reaffirmed that the alliance should continue but insisted on getting a larger share of the state’s 288 Assembly seats than 124 offered by Congress.
NCP had contested 114 and Congress 174 in 2009 Assembly elections and has been insisting on fielding candidates in half of the 288 seats, citing it had double the number of Lok Sabha seats in the state than Congress. In the worst-ever performance for the ruling alliance, NCP had won 4 Lok Sabha seats against Congress’ 2.

Modi s US visit may fuel fresh rally in Indian mkts: AnalystsBSE sensex
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is leaving for a seven-day-long visit to the United States, may give a boost to the Indian markets which are trading in a narrow range for the past couple of weeks, say analysts.
Tracking the momentum, analysts are not ruling out the possibility that we may touch fresh record highs during the visit or just ahead of the visit in anticipation of newer partnership in the areas of defence and IT, among others.
Both the Sensex and the Nifty touched record highs on September 8, 2014. While the S&P BSE Sensex' record high is placed at 27354.99 and the life high of the 50-share Nifty index is placed at 8180.20.
"Modi's visit to the US will indeed be positive for the Indian markets as trade and investment are likely to take the centre stage in his maiden visit," said A K Prabhakar, Independent Market Expert.
"If the Nifty scales above 8162 levels comfortably, then it can touch the levels of around 8400. IT, pharma and defence-related stocks may witness strong momentum during the visit," he added.
Narendra Modi's maiden visit would be more focussed on defence and security partnership, energy - including renewable energy - relations, and economic and investment ties along with technology transfers.
Modi leaves for the US on September 25-26 for nearly seven days during which he will give his maiden speech at the UN General Assembly in New York on September 27 and then proceed to Washington for the summit meeting with President Barack Obama on September 30.
Benchmark indices have been under some bit of pressure for the last few weeks, but analysts advice investors to remain invested at current levels and look at accumulating quality stocks on every correction.
"I would not be an active buyer and use every dip to get into the same stocks and basically I do believe the bull market still very much intact and probably Mr. Modi's US visit will give it another Viagra boost," said Jagdish Malkani, Member, NSE & BSE.
IT stocks will be in focus as Modi is also expected to raise concerns over the US Immigration Bill, that will affect the Indian IT industry if passed in the current form.
The Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act (S 744) imposes new and onerous restrictions and higher fees on H-1B and L1 visa programmes on the international IT services sector and would create an uneven playing field, ET reported.
Modi's visit is also expected to iron out bilateral differences over Intellectual Property Rights , particularly in the pharmaceutical industry , official sources told ET.
As per the report, big ticket items for the visit include expansion in the defence partnership to not only launch joint production of equipment, but also sharing perspectives on West Asia and East and Southeast Asia, sources indicated.
Long-term outlook remains intact:
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, helped by strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market.
Last week, Mark Mobius , Executive Chairman , Templeton EM Group, said in an interview with ET Now that India is now walking on a longer-term bull market and as Modi carries out reforms and becomes more effective in making the changes he would like to make, this will strengthen the capital markets in India.
"India is the second largest of our holdings after China. Thailand is a pie in our Asian funds, but among our global funds, India is right up there along with Brazil," he added. Mobius expects to increase allocations going forward.
With the Fed tapering and ending of QE, crude oil prices are coming down, which is a positive for India. Along with that, GDP has bottomed out and with reduction in interest rates in India, analysts see the markets headed for a massive rally ahead.
India has managed to outperform its emerging markets peers with both the Sensex and the Nifty rallying over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, but the rally is not over yet, said Varun Goel, Head-PMS, Karvy, who expects the Sensex to hit 1,00,000 by 2020.
Goel has arrived at a Sensex target of 29,300 based on 16 times FY16 earnings by Diwali and would be buyers at every dip. He also maintains his year 2020 target of 100,000 on the Sensex.
Goel expects earnings growth to accelerate once investment activity is revived and averages at 20-25 per cent for the next several years.
"India is one of the best destinations for US and for other countries as well from investment point of view. If you look at emerging markets, take an example of Turkey or Brazil or China or Russia, among these countries now India appears to be the bestest in Asia, this is one part," said Nilesh Sathe, Director & Chief Executive Officer, LIC Nomura Mutual Fund.
"On political front, Mr Modi is making all out efforts to reach out to the foreign investors to see that these inflows actually happen and that is a good step which must be appreciated and although India is a good destination, it has to be marketed and that is one thing which in my opinion Mr Modi is rightfully doing," he added.
Sathe is expecting a sizable, maybe $40 billion to come to India maybe in other six months from now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena may give in to BJP s demand | Cong  NCP seat-sharing talks inconclusiveAmit Shah
(Modi had been keen to keep…)
NEW DELHI: With Shiv Sena likely to blink first, the Sena-BJP alliance for Maharashtra assembly polls is set to go ahead, reported Times Now. According to Times Now, Shiva Sena has agreed to BJP's demand of 130 seats.
As per the new proposal of the Uddhav Thackeray-led party, it has agreed to give up to 130 seats to BJP, with 151 seats for Shiv Sena and 7 for smaller parties. Times Now also reported that senior BJP leader Sushma Swaraj had been roped in for negotiations with the Shiv Sena.
Both BJP President Amit Shah and Prime Minister Narendra Modi had been keen to keep the alliance with Shiv Sena intact. Amit Shah had on Monday called on Uddhav Thackeray , urging him not to break the 25-year old alliance.
From Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari to State BJP Chief Devendra Fadnavis , many are not in favour of an alliance with the Shiv Sena if the latter insists on more seats.
On September 15, Uddhav had said that the Sena would not contest anything less than 150 seats. While he did not say anything about BJP's share, he was leaving aside 130 seats. However, in a proposal given to the BJP a few days ago, the Sena had made its position tougher by insisting on 155 seats, while it agreed to give only 126 seats to the BJP, reducing the national ruling party's tally much lesser because it has to accommodate its allies from within these 126 seats.
In August, the BJP gave the Sena a proposal- allocate 20 seats from your quota to the allies and then hand over 16 seats to us' that would have meant the BJP contesting 135 seats. But after the by poll results the BJP softened its position. It then began asking Sena for 130 seats.
(With inputs from ET Bureau)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Israeli military says shot down Syrian warplaneIsrael shoots down Syria warplane on Golan Heights: Army
By AFP | 23 Sep, 2014, 03.37PM IST
0
Share More
A Patriot missile intercepted the aircraft after it flew into Israeli-controlled airspace over the Golan, a military spokesman said. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
JERUSALEM: Israel shot down a Syrian fighter jet over the Golan Heights today, the army said, indicating that it had crossed the ceasefire line into the Israeli-occupied sector.
It was the most serious incident to take place on the strategic plateau since the outbreak of the Syrian civil war in 2011.
"A warplane that penetrated Israeli territory was successfully shot down a short while ago by the air defence systems along the Syrian border," a military statement said, without giving further details.
Army radio said it was apparently a MiG-21 fighter jet which was shot down by a surface-to-air Patriot missile, with the wreckage landing on the Syrian-controlled side of the plateau.
The downing came just three weeks after Israel shot down a drone over the Golan as heavy fighting raged on the Syrian side, most of which has been seized by rebels fighting to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad.
The Assad regime has been hitting back with frequent air strikes in a bid to retake control of the plateau. Some have been close to Israeli positions.
Since the uprising erupted more than three years ago, the plateau has been tense, with a growing number of rockets and mortar rounds hitting the Israeli side, most of them stray, prompting occasional retaliatory fire.
But there have been several incidents of intentional fire, one of which killed an Israeli teenager in June.
Israel seized 1,200 square km of the Golan during the Six-Day War of 1967, then annexed it in 1981 in a move never recognised by the international community.
Some 510 square kilometres of the Golan remain on the Syrian side of the ceasefire line, with UN forces overseeing a buffer zone stretching some 70 km from Lebanon in the north to Jordan in the south.

Modi s visit to America will kick off a fresh bull run Yes  say expertsBSE sensex
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is leaving for a seven-day-long visit to the United States, may give a boost to the Indian markets which are trading in a narrow range for the past couple of weeks, say analysts.
Tracking the momentum, analysts are not ruling out the possibility that we may touch fresh record highs during the visit or just ahead of the visit in anticipation of newer partnership in the areas of defence and IT, among others.
Both the Sensex and the Nifty touched record highs on September 8, 2014. While the S&P BSE Sensex' record high is placed at 27354.99 and the life high of the 50-share Nifty index is placed at 8180.20.
"Modi's visit to the US will indeed be positive for the Indian markets as trade and investment are likely to take the centre stage in his maiden visit," said A K Prabhakar, Independent Market Expert.
"If the Nifty scales above 8162 levels comfortably, then it can touch the levels of around 8400. IT, pharma and defence-related stocks may witness strong momentum during the visit," he added.
Narendra Modi's maiden visit would be more focussed on defence and security partnership, energy - including renewable energy - relations, and economic and investment ties along with technology transfers.
Modi leaves for the US on September 25-26 for nearly seven days during which he will give his maiden speech at the UN General Assembly in New York on September 27 and then proceed to Washington for the summit meeting with President Barack Obama on September 30.
Benchmark indices have been under some bit of pressure for the last few weeks, but analysts advice investors to remain invested at current levels and look at accumulating quality stocks on every correction.
"I would not be an active buyer and use every dip to get into the same stocks and basically I do believe the bull market still very much intact and probably Mr. Modi's US visit will give it another Viagra boost," said Jagdish Malkani, Member, NSE & BSE.
IT stocks will be in focus as Modi is also expected to raise concerns over the US Immigration Bill, that will affect the Indian IT industry if passed in the current form.
The Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act (S 744) imposes new and onerous restrictions and higher fees on H-1B and L1 visa programmes on the international IT services sector and would create an uneven playing field, ET reported.
Modi's visit is also expected to iron out bilateral differences over Intellectual Property Rights , particularly in the pharmaceutical industry , official sources told ET.
As per the report, big ticket items for the visit include expansion in the defence partnership to not only launch joint production of equipment, but also sharing perspectives on West Asia and East and Southeast Asia, sources indicated.
Long-term outlook remains intact:
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, helped by strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market.
Last week, Mark Mobius , Executive Chairman , Templeton EM Group, said in an interview with ET Now that India is now walking on a longer-term bull market and as Modi carries out reforms and becomes more effective in making the changes he would like to make, this will strengthen the capital markets in India.
"India is the second largest of our holdings after China. Thailand is a pie in our Asian funds, but among our global funds, India is right up there along with Brazil," he added. Mobius expects to increase allocations going forward.
With the Fed tapering and ending of QE, crude oil prices are coming down, which is a positive for India. Along with that, GDP has bottomed out and with reduction in interest rates in India, analysts see the markets headed for a massive rally ahead.
India has managed to outperform its emerging markets peers with both the Sensex and the Nifty rallying over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, but the rally is not over yet, said Varun Goel, Head-PMS, Karvy, who expects the Sensex to hit 1,00,000 by 2020.
Goel has arrived at a Sensex target of 29,300 based on 16 times FY16 earnings by Diwali and would be buyers at every dip. He also maintains his year 2020 target of 100,000 on the Sensex.
Goel expects earnings growth to accelerate once investment activity is revived and averages at 20-25 per cent for the next several years.
"India is one of the best destinations for US and for other countries as well from investment point of view. If you look at emerging markets, take an example of Turkey or Brazil or China or Russia, among these countries now India appears to be the bestest in Asia, this is one part," said Nilesh Sathe, Director & Chief Executive Officer, LIC Nomura Mutual Fund.
"On political front, Mr Modi is making all out efforts to reach out to the foreign investors to see that these inflows actually happen and that is a good step which must be appreciated and although India is a good destination, it has to be marketed and that is one thing which in my opinion Mr Modi is rightfully doing," he added.
Sathe is expecting a sizable, maybe $40 billion to come to India maybe in other six months from now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A bumper listing: Sharda Cropchem soars 75%Sharda Cropchem lists at 75% premium to issue price
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 10.37AM IST
Tags:
( It surged 75.64 per cent,…)
MUMBAI: Sharda Cropchem, a crop protection chemical company, is holding onto intraday gains after a bumper listing.
At 12:45 p.m; the stock was at Rs 232.15, up 48.81 per cent, on the NSE. It surged 75.64 per cent, from its issue price of Rs 156, to touch all-time high of Rs 274 earlier in the day.
Sharda is engaged in marketing and distribution of wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally. It sources formulations/active ingredients from third party (primarily, China) for onward sale.
"About two years back we were 100% export oriented company, so 100% revenue was coming from exports. Two years back we acquired a small marketing company in India that is contributing to about 3 per cent of our revenue. Balance 97 per cent is coming from the exports," said RBV Bubna, MD, Sharda Cropchem in an interview to ET Now.
According to analysts at Ashika Research, the company has a strong balance sheet with healthy return ratios. It has maintained a focus on capital efficiency and has a conservative debt policy. It has the ability to leverage the balance sheet to take advantage of a favourable business cycle or market opportunity.
"It has strong return on capital employed (RoCE) of 25 per cent and return on equity (RoE) of close to 20 per cent. The net working capital days have also improved over the last four years and at the end of FY2014 the net working capital days stood at 99 days as compared with 143 days in FY2010," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Funds flowing back to markets like India where the leadership is pursuing reformsYou are here: Home > Collections
Funds flowing back to markets like India where the leadership is pursuing reforms: Medha Samant
ET Now Sep 23, 2014, 02.09PM IST
Tags:
et now
(You could expect some short-term…)
In a chat with ET Now, Medha Samant, Investment Director, Fidelity Worldwide Investment, shares her views on the Fed policy and the Indian markets. Excerpts:
ET Now: What is the sense on data points from the globe and when will the Fed make the move on the interest rates?
Medha Samant: The US Fed rate policy suggests it being committed to keeping the interest rates where they are for the time being, but at the same time the timing is a bit uncertain.
You could expect some short-term volatility in the run up to that. So, active investors should be watching the data carefully.
They must watch what happens to the labour market data, wage prices and inflation because it is very clear that the Fed does not want to be tied down to a rigid time-frame when it comes to monetary policy and interest rate. Therefore, it will be about how these data points shape up.
From an equity market perspective, the US markets have outperformed. There is recovery in the economy and that is reflected in equity market valuations, which are providing a case for the flow back into Asian equities where we still see quite reasonable valuations.
ET Now: The Chinese economy is decelerating while India is on the path of recovery. Is there a case or a possibility for the Indian economic growth to surpass China, say, in 2016-2017?
Medha Samant: There is a shift back into Asian equities and we have seen fund flows going back into markets such as China and Hong Kong, where the leadership is pursuing reform, and at the same time in India.
China and India have very different drivers when it comes to their economic models. There is a slowdown in the Chinese economy, but it is in line with what Beijing wants, quality versus quantity of growth, and in the run up to that we might see macro data coming mixed or even disappointing. But China's focus is on SOE reforms, targeted easing or selective easing, and a broad long-term trend like urbanisation.
For India the picture is a bit different. The momentum is very positive, it has been one of the best performing emerging markets this year, up around 36% or so, and a lot of that has got to do with the hope and optimism that has come after the recent election and absolute majority in Parliament as well as a strong track record of Prime Minister Modi.
So, these two economies are on different growth trajectories and we could see India surprise on the upside. China's growth slowing is well known. So we do not see as much risk to the downside there.
ET Now: What are FIIs saying about the performance of the Modi government till now because there is a lot of talk in the media about how it has not been up to the mark?
Medha Samant: Yes, when we look at what Prime Minister Modi has said in his budget, it is clearly the fact that he does not want to be in a hurry.
He has provided a long-term trend when it comes to reducing the fiscal deficit, for example, over three years and it is a step in the right direction.
From an investment perspective, it is about seeing specific policy responses from the government, which should provide a support to the macro, the broad economy.
In the absence of that, any improvement in macro data may seem positive, but ultimately it is about kick-starting the investment cycle.
Until we see that we are being very selective because equity valuations have gone up on a historical basis and Indian equity valuations are close to historical averages. But they are still at a premium to the regional averages. So it is important to be very selective.
From the positioning perspective, we still like names in the consumer sector, the names which are a proxy on infrastructure. That is really the cyclical side of the portfolio, but we think that the long-term structural trends of the Indian growth story should benefit our clients.
 
ET Now: You have also been bullish on IT and pharma names. Any change in that view? Would you allocate incremental money at the current valuations in the sectors?
Medha Samant: We have been very selective. When you look at the IT services model in India, there are some companies which are clear beneficiaries with the weakening of the rupee. We are seeing order flow improvements coming from the markets such as the US, but we are also seeing some slowdown in other areas. So it is about bottom-up stock picking.
When we look at the IT services today, we would not advice investors to go and put all their bets in all the names that are there. Similarly, with respect to healthcare, we do remain positive as a house not just on India but across Asia. We like the broad healthcare theme in Asia, including India. We think there are sizable opportunities. So we still remain quite positive on that. But valuations are something that we are quite mindful of.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Crude oil prices climb on upbeat Chinese dataCrude oil prices climb on upbeat Chinese data
Pidilite rises 4%  buys adhesive biz of Blue CoatPidilite rises 4%  buys adhesive biz of Blue Coat
Firstsource Solutions clarifies on new item; stock upFirstsource Solutions clarifies on new item; stock up
Joshua Wong: Hong Kong Teenager who Runs Pro-Democracy MovementJoshua Wong: Hong Kong Teenager who Runs Pro-Democracy Movement
Govt sacks suspended Syndicate Bank chiefGovt sacks suspended Syndicate Bank chief
U.S. military says Gulf states  Jordan partnered against Islamic StateU.S. military says Gulf states  Jordan partnered against Islamic State
Bindra breaks Asiad jinx  wins individual bronzeBindra breaks Asiad jinx  wins individual bronze
No Need to Open Another Bank Account to Avail of Benefits Under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY)What do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
No Need to Open Another Bank Account to Avail of Benefits Under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY)
4.18 Crore Accounts Opened as on Date Under PMJDY  Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance, Government of India has issued instructions that in case people are already holding bank accounts, they need not open another bank account to ...

Govt withdraws regulator s power to cap non-essential drug pricesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Protests await Modi during US visitProtests await Modi during US visit
Press Trust of India | Washington Sep 23, 2014 12:01 PM IST
Several anti-Modi groups in the US will hold a series of protest rallies against Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he travels to New York and Washington this month.
The recently formed Alliance for Justice and Accountability (AJA) yesterday announced that it will show black flags to Modi when he heads to the Madison Square Garden in mid-town Manhattan in New York on September 28.
The Sikh For Justice announced to convene a "Citizens' Court" to "indict" Modi at a park in front of the White House on September 30, when the Prime Minister would be meeting US President Barack Obama at his Oval Office.
"The 'indictment' proceedings will be conducted in a replica court room set up in the President's Park right in the front of the White House. The 'charge sheet' issued by SFJ lists actions of Modi during the 2002 Gujarat riots," a statement from the Sikh group said.
"Black Flags for visiting PM Modi," said the AJA in a flyer sent to its members yesterday.
AJA mostly comprises of Indian-American organisations and individuals who were part of Coalition Against Genocide (CAG), which had successfully campaigned against US visa to Modi, when he was the Gujarat Chief Minister.
"Alliance for Justice and Accountability is a coalition of individuals and organisations that are concerned about the rapid erosion of human rights and religious freedom in India," said Shaikh Ubaid, a founding member of the Coalition Against Genocide, who is now instrumental in forming this new alliance.
"The Alliance has been formed in the wake of increasing violence and incendiary rhetoric against minorities led by organisations and parties aligned with the Sangh Parivar. Its initial objective is to use the high profile visit of Narendra Modi to draw attention to the threats to India's pluralism," Ubaid told PTI.
"Come join us as we stand in protest of Narendra Modi's visit and talk in New York City at Madison Square Garden on September 28th," the alliance said in a Facebook Post.

Asian Games: Ghosal settles for silver from winning positionAsian Games: Ghosal settles for silver from winning position
Press Trust of India | Incheon Sep 23, 2014 11:51 AM IST
A gold was there for the taking but Saurav Ghosal let it slip, squandering a two-game advantage to narrowly miss out on becoming the first Indian squash player to win the yellow metal at the Asian Games, here today.
Ghosal was leading after the first two games of the gold-medal match but his opponent, Kuwait's Abdullah Almezayen, staged a dramatic fightback winning the next three games to clinch the top prize.
Almezayen won the title clash 10-12 2-11 14-12 11-8 11-9 at the Yeorumul Squash Courts. Ghosal had missed out on a gold-medal point with the scoreline reading 12-11 in the third game, which eventually proved to be the decisive game.
Ghosal took 21 minutes to take the first game before consolidating his position by clinching the second in merely six minutes of play. The Kuwaiti then made a grand fightback as he took 19, 12 and 17 minutes respectively to win the next three games.
After the match ended in agony for him, the Indian threw his racquet in frustration before storming into the changing room.
This is the world number 16 Ghosal's best showing in the Asian Games.
Prior to this, the 28-year-old Ghosal had three Asian Games medals to his name -- singles bronze in 2006 Doha Games and two more, including one in doubles, in the 2010 edition in Guangzhou.
Coming into this match, Ghosal had tweeted, "Playing Abdullah Mezayen of Kuwait in my finals tomorrow! Full focus to play a solid game, make one last push and win!"
The 28-year-old Kolkattan made an effort but that last push was one that never saw the light of the day.
17th Asian Games

Sensex down over 100 points; BSE Realty index cracks 3%Sensex slumps over 300 points; Nifty below 8,050
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 01:48 PM IST
Markets are trading near day’s low with Sensex and Nifty falling down by over 1% weighed down by realty, oil and capital goods shares.
At 1.46 PM, Sensex is trading at 26,865 down 307 points while NIfty has shed 98 points at 8,048.
The main losers on the Sensex are Hindalco, Tata Motors, Cipla, BHEL, GAIL, Coal India and Axis Bank.
********************************************************
Updated at 13:35
Markets continue to trade weak weighed down by profit taking by fund and retail investors in Index heavyweights ICICI Bank, Tata Motors , L&T and RIL contributing nearly 100 points to the decline on the 30-share Sensex. 
 
At 1.35 PM, Sensex is trading at 26,958 down 248 points while NIfty has shed 77 points at 8,070.
 
Meanwhile, in the broader market, the BSE Mid Cap and Small Cap indices are trading in line with the large counter parts and have lost 0.5% each.
 
Market breadth on the BSE is weak with 1,653 declines and 1,104 advances.
 
Global Markets:
 
Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday while commodities won a break from recent selling pressure after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
 
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0.
 
However, European markets are trading lower. FTSE, DAX and CAC 40 are trading down between 0.5-1%.
 
Crude Oil:
 
Oil prices rose in Asia today in response to better-than-expected Chinese manufacturing data and after the United States said it had led ai strikes against jihadists in crude producer Syria.US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for November delivery rose 31 cents to $91.18 while Brent crude for November also gained 33 cents to $97.30 in mid-morning trade.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.8/9100 vs Monday's close of 60.8150/8250 in morning trade as foreign investors sold Indian shares worth $30.53 million on Monday, provisional data from exchange showed.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE Realty is the top loser down over 2.5%. Further, BSE Metal, Capital Goods and Oil & Gas indices are down over 1%. Bankex has lost 0.7%. However, BSE Consumer Durables, FMCG and IT indices are trading in the positive territory up between 0.5-1%.
 
In the metal pack, Hindalco is the top loser down 2% followed by Tata Steel, Coal India and Sesa Sterlite down between 0.3-1.5% shrugging off the encouraging manufacturing data from China. The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2.
 
Index Heavyweight Tata Motors which gained nearly 4% as analysts remained on bullish on the stock has lost 1.5% in today’s trade. Also, M&M has dipped nearly 2% after Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "outperform" saying the company's valuations are no longer "attractive". However, Maruti Suzuki and Hero Motocorp are up nearly 1%
 
Consumer Durables stocks gained on expectation of demand ahead of the festive season. Whirlpool, Videocon Industries and Titan have gained between 1-2%.
 
In the Oil & gas space, ONGC, RIL and GAIL have declined between 1-2% on uncertainty on Gas price hike. 
 
In the financial segment, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and HDFC twins lost between 0.5-1.5%.
 
Commercial real estate developer DLF lost more than 4% after BNP Paribas downgraded DLF stock to "reduce" from "hold". 
 
L&T, Cipla and Bharti Airtel are some of the notable names in red down between 1-2%.
 
On the flip side, shares of information technology (IT) are in demand after the S&P BSE IT index hit a record high in otherwise subdued market. Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), HCL Technologies and MindTree have hit their respective lifetime highs. Following the tandem, Wipro and Infosys have surged between 0.6-2.5%.
 
Fresh buying is visible in the FMCG space with ITC and HUL up 1%.
 
The government has withdrawn the drug pricing authority's powers that allowed it to fix the prices of medicines not deemed essential. The move comes after industry protests against the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) decision to impose price caps on more than 100 drugs. Dr Reddy’s Lab is up nearly 1% while Sun Pharma is trading flat with a positive bias.
 

$100bn to $20bn: What missing billions say about Sino-India tiesComments
China’s consul-general in Mumbai throws around a figure of $100 billion in investment over the next five years. His president, Xi Jinping, signs agreements that total only $20 billion. The explanations for this curious gap are a metaphor for why the Sino-Indian relationship will never go beyond a certain point.
“The $100 billion figure was never an official number. The csul-general was perhaps imagining what could happen,” a Chinese embassy official said. Indian diplomats scoff at the idea a Chinese official would offer a figure without approval far up the food chain.
The $100 billion seems to have largely designed to overshadow the $35 billion five-year plan announced by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Xi’s failure to even rhetorically match the initial expectations about his trip underlines two elements of China’s attitude to India.
Read: After Modi-Xi meeting, China pulls back troops from Ladakh
One, Beijing is short term about India. During the Depsang intrusion, a senior Indian official spoke of China’s “great power autism” – how it would let small things undo all the good things it had accomplished.
Over 80% of Indians mistrust China: an older generation because of 1962, a younger one because of Beijing’s belligerence. Talking one number and walking a smaller one will reinforce what many Indians say in private: “You can’t trust the Chinese.”
Two, China tends to treat India better when a powerful third country is cosying up to New Delhi. Xi has good reasons to seek better ties with India. He needs infrastructure markets for his over-sized capital goods manufacturers.
But Beijing does not see India, a messy democracy with an economy one-fourth China’s, as being in the same league. Before they officially take power, Chinese leaders visit the countries they see as big leaguers. Xi did not come here.
Japan’s wooing of India is a key reason China is all sweetness and light on the economic front. Indian negotiators of the 2006 border agreement say they got a good deal because of their then close ties with the US.
That Xi did not feel he even needed to match what Abe had offered was a sign of that this has yet to change with China. “This was the only surprise in the trip,” said a Japanese diplomat. And a sobering reminder for India.

Better Together with UK: Scotland votes against independenceprint
Pro-Union supporters celebrate as Scottish referendum polling results are announced at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh. (AFP Photo)
Scotland has decisively rejected independence by winning more than half of the votes polled, concluding an intensely-fought campaign that threatened to tear asunder the 307-year-old United Kingdom.
With 31 out of the country's 32 council areas having declared results, the margin of victory was about 55% to 45%. Glasgow, Scotland's largest council area and the third largest city in Britain, voted in favour of independence, while capital Edinburgh, rejected it.
As many people across the country heaved a collective sigh of relief, the implications of the rejection were beginning to come to the fore: Westminster will have to deliver the promises of more powers to Scotland in the near future, made during the closing stages of the campaign.
“I accept the verdict of the people. We now face the consequences of the decision. Scotland will now expect the vows made by unionist parties to give more powers to be delivered,” said Alex Salmond, Scotland first minister and leader of the Yes campaign.
 
The verdict is expected to lead to a more federal United Kingdom, with more powers to Wales, Northern Ireland and England, along the lines of those to be handed over to Scotland.
Former prime minister Gordon Brown emerged as the main figure in the 'No' campaign with at least three passionate speeches towards the closing stages of the campaign, reviving his flagging political career.
 
Prime Minister David Cameron said he had congratulated Alistair Darling, leader of the Better Together campaign, while Nicola Sturgeon, one of the top Yes campaign leaders, expressed her ‘deep personal and political disappointment’.
Highlights: Scotland Votes
The turnout for Scotland's historic independence referendum could be the highest ever in the United Kingdom, for a vote on the future of the centuries-old union.
Some ballot boxes were brought by helicopter and others by boat from remote islands to be counted after polls closed, agency reports said.
The closure of the airport on the Isle of Lewis due to fog meant ballot boxes would have to make the slower journey by fishing boat.
 
The question for voters at Scotland's more than 5,000 polling stations was "Should Scotland be an independent country?" and they were asked to mark either "Yes" or "No".
  
A palace spokesperson told Sky news Queen Elizabeth II was following events from her family home Balmoral Castle in rural Scotland and is expected to comment later on Friday.
She is "kept abreast of information... from her team of advisers in London and Edinburgh," the spokesperson said.
The 'nay' sayers: Pro-union supporters celebrate in Glasgow as polling results are announced. (AFP Photo)
British prime minister Cameron had promised greater powers for Scotland's parliament in a last-minute bid to convince voters to stay in the union, prompting politicians in his Conservative party to call for the same treatment for England.
'Ripped out of the UK'
Many people in the rest of the United Kingdom were concerned about the prospect of Scottish independence, which would sever a deep bond and cut the UK's surface area by a third.
A lot of the debate was focussed on the economy, what currency an independent Scotland would use and whether it could be a member of the European Union.
Scotland's parliament, opened in 1999, holds some powers devolved from Westminster to set policy in certain areas of domestic policy, such as health and education.
For many voters, this was not enough.
"I voted 'Yes' because I decided Scotland should be governed by itself," said university administrator Sarah Rowell, 36, in Edinburgh.
A pro-independence observer watches as ballot cards are counted at the Royal Highland Centre counting hall in Edinburgh after ballot counting got underway in the referendum on Scottish independence. (AFP Photo)

Starting on a FreshdeskSpecial Arrangement Girish Mathrubootham (left) and Shan Krishnaswamy
TOPICS
company information
In 2010, Girish Mathrubootham read an article on how Zendesk’s customer support software has become expensive for smaller businesses. That set him thinking. Soon enough, he formed Freshdesk. Today, it provides virtual customer support software as a service.
Mr. Mathrubootham, who at that time was Vice-President of Product Management at the ManageEngine Division of Zoho Corporation, sensed an opportunity and began working on providing an affordable customer support software. He also managed to sell the idea to his colleague Shan Krishnaswamy, who was overseeing product architecture at ManageEngine.
Both quit their jobs, and thus was born Freshdesk in 2010. “Shan and I had mortgages. We were excited about the idea. We were also stressed about how we would make ends meet if we jump on the idea. We used our gut instincts and quit our jobs,” Girish Mathrubootham, Founder and CEO of Freshdesk, recalls.
He funded the company with money from personal savings. In addition, the founders raised $25,000 each from two friends as a convertible note with another $25,000 commitment along the way in July 2011. Freshdesk is headquartered in San Francisco, and has a development centre in Chennai. Lady Luck, too, smiled on them when Freshdesk won the $40,000 Microsoft Bizspark Start-up award in January 2011.
This acted as seed capital, and was used towards marketing adwords campaigns and for driving customer traction.
By early 2011, Freshdesk had a 6-member team, including the founders, working at 30-50 per cent of market salary with office at a suburb of Chennai. “My only question before hiring was how much money they needed to survive?” says the founder.
Within hundred days of its launch, Freshdesk reached a hundred customers. Atwell College of Australia was the first one.
David v Goliath moment
In December 2011, Freshdesk came under public glare when Zendesk CEO termed Freshdesk as a `freaking rip off’. This lead to a public spat between the two firms — a David v Goliath moment! Mr. Mathrubootham took advantage of the running feud by creating a website to explain his stance and that grabbed customer attention.
Since launch, Freshdesk has helped companies support their customers with its cloud-based software which helps customer support representatives to view and respond to queries across multiple channels, including email, phone, online forums, live chat, and social media.
Despite competition from Zendesk, Desk.com (unit of Salesforce.com), and others, Freshdesk has built up a sizable customer base over the last three years. It now has 28,000 customers across the globe, up from 14,000 in December.
From Pearson Education to Goodreads and Hugo Boss, Freshdesk has a range of customers. It has Sony Pictures Entertainment, too, and many start-ups, small businesses and enterprises across the world. “We are adding 1,000 customers a month,” says Mr. Mathrubootham.
What makes Freshdesk stand out from rivals? Simple, he says. For one, Freshdesk helps in building communities out of customers. For another, it helps to break the monotony of customer support by issuing badges, trophies and awards to customer service executives (or agents) based on their interactions with customers through `gamification’ of customer service. For instance, an agent who answers a customer query correctly, and in the fastest time, may win a Speed Racer trophy.
Catching investor eye
Venture capital firms have also taken note of Freshdesk’s story. In the three years since its inception, Freshdesk has raised substantial rounds of funding. In October 2011, the company raised $1 million in a Series A round from Accel Partners. In April 2012, Accel Partners stepped up again, teaming with Tiger Global Management, to offer Freshdesk $5 million in Series B funding. They once again pumped in $7 million in December 2013. Just over the year of fund raise, Freshdesk hit the 10,000-user mark.
The big endorsement, of course, came when, in June this year, Google Capital invested $31 million along with existing investors, marking Google Capital’s first investment in India.
“From six, to twenty, a little over hundred employees a year ago, to 250 now, the expansion has been crazy,” says Mr. Girish.
sanjay.v@thehindu.co.in

Commodities prices sink to five-year low© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0197496-426e-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Black money info to be shared with 45 nationsAutomatic exchange of info to unearth black money: Nirmala Sitharaman
PTI     Cairns (Australia)   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 11:59 IST
Minister of State for Finance Nirmala Sitharaman
Extending full support to the automatic exchange of tax and banking information, India on Monday said it will help in unearthing black money stashed abroad and bringing it back.
Intervening at the meeting of G20 Finance Ministers in Cairns (Australia), Minister of State for Finance Nirmala Sitharaman said 46 countries, including India, have agreed for a common time to exchange information automatically by 2017.
"We call upon everybody to join us," she said.
The G20, at the end of their two ministerial meeting on Sunday, had decided to put in place a mechanism for automatic exchange of tax information between various countries by 2017.
The new framework would mark a significant forward movement from the current practice of information exchange mostly on the basis of requests and only in the cases of suspected tax evasion or other financial crimes.
"This would be the key to prevent international tax evasion and avoidance and would be instrumental in getting information about unaccounted money stashed abroad and ultimately bringing it back," Sitharaman added.
India has been at the forefront in raising the issues concerning tax avoidance and automatic exchange of information with a view to curbing tax evasion.
The new global standard, as formulated by Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) in July, would facilitate a "systematic and periodic transmission of bulk taxpayer information by the source country of income to the country of residence of the taxpayer concerning various categories of income or asset information".
Sitharaman urged upon the countries to make necessary changes in their domestic laws so as to enable them to provide the same level of information to other countries on a reciprocal basis.

New listing: Shardar Cropchem up 76%  debuts at Rs 260Sep 23, 2014, 10.29 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sharda Cropchem shares surge 76% on Day 1
Retail investors, who had got 90 equity shares (minimum lot size) in allotment, earned a profit of Rs 10,620 (Rs 118 per share at day's high) as against investment of Rs 14,040 in 15 days.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sharda Cropchem shares surge 76% on Day 1
Retail investors, who had got 90 equity shares (minimum lot size) in allotment, earned a profit of Rs 10,620 (Rs 118 per share at day's high) as against investment of Rs 14,040 in 15 days.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Sharda Cropchem debuted on the bourses with 66.67 percent rally on Tuesday, which is higher than analysts' expectations of around 40-45 percent jump over issue price of Rs 156.
The stock opened at Rs 260 level on the National Stock Exchange and touched day's high of Rs 274 (up 75.64 percent) and low of Rs 245.25 (up 57.2 percent over issue price).
Retail investors, who had got 90 equity shares (minimum lot size) in allotment, earned a profit of Rs 10,620 (Rs 118 per share at day's high) as against investment of Rs 14,040 in 15 days.
Mumbai-based Sharda Cropchem is a crop protection chemical company engaged in the marketing and distribution of a wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally. It is also involved in order based procurement and supply of belts, general chemicals, dyes and dye intermediates.
The public issue, which was opened for subscription during September 5-9, was oversubscribed 60 times.
The company did not get money raised through this issue as purpose of the public issue was to carry out sale of 2,25,55,124 equity shares by selling shareholders (HEP Mauritius, Ramprakash V Bubna and Sharda R Bubna) and achieve the benefits of listing equity shares on exchanges - BSE and NSE.
Bubna family, the promoter and promoter group, reduced their stake in the company from 84.13 percent to 75 percent and non-institutional investor HEP Mauritius offloaded its entire stake of 15.87 percent.
In FY14, the company clocked a consolidated topline of Rs 782 crore (up 0.54 percent over FY13) with around 82.5 percent being contributed by the agrochemical business (Rs 645 crore), Rs 15.8 percent being contributed by the conveyor belt business (Rs 123 crore) and around 1.7 percent being contributed by other business (dyes). Net profit of the company in FY14 grew by 26.8 percent year-on-year to Rs 106.9 crore compared to previous financial year supported by other income and lower depreciation.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

HTC to launch the 64-bit octa-core Desire 820 smartphone in India today24
0
Read: HTC launches the 64-bit octa-core Desire 820, quad-core Desire 820q, dual-SIM Desire 816G in India
New Delhi: HTC is all set to launch its recently announced Desire 820 smartphone in India on September 23. The company will be unveiling the smartphone at its event on Tuesday in New Delhi.
The HTC Desire 820 is expected to come to India for around Rs 26,000. The company will also be unveiling other smartphones, said a source with information of the matter.
The HTC Desire 820 is expected to come to India for around Rs 26,000.
#htc #htc desire 820 #htc #android
The HTC Desire 820 is the successor to the Desire 816. The phone is powered by the latest Qualcomm octa-core 64-bit processor with integrated LTE modem.
The phone features a 5.5-inch 720p display and an 8 megapixel front-facing camera. The HTC Desire 820's rear camera has a 13 megapixel BSI sensor.
With the view to enhance the imaging experience, the phone includes Face Fusion software, allowing you to merge your features with those of a friend or celebrity for a completely original look; real time Live Makeup, which allows you to preview the image and set the desired level of skin smoothing before the image is captured; and Photo Booth, where you can capture several moments in a single image.
This Desire 820 is claimed to set new benchmarks for mid-range smartphones. With the Snapdragon 615 processor, the HTC Desire 820 is claimed to offer 4G connectivity at speeds of up to 150mbps.
The HTC Desire 820 will be available in Marble White, Tuxedo Grey, Santorini White and Milky-way Grey.
The phone was unveiled earlier this month at IFA.
6

Iron ore imports to rise; see 30 MT deficit: JSW SteelDue to severe shortages and unreasonable prices in India, we are increasing our import of iron ore to 10 MT from 6 MT
Seshagiri Rao
Jt MD
JSW Steel
International iron ore and coking coal prices have seen a fall in recent times and  JSW Steel is expected to benefit from the same. But Seshagiri Rao, joint MD and group CFO, JSW Steel says the same trend is not seen in India due to shortage of iron ore. He believes domestic iron ore production is likely to see a deficit of 30 million tonne this year.
He feels the company will have to increase iron ore import from 6 million tonne to 10 million tonne.
Also Read: To kick-start banking operations by Oct 1, 2015: IDFC
JSW Steel has a sales volume target at 12.4 MT for FY15.
Rao says the company is following a strategy of backward and forward integration and keeps scouting the market for such opportunities. Lucchini is one such opportunity and JSW Steel has bid for its rolling plant.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Seshagiri Rao's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: Iron ore prices globally have hit a new five year low. It is below USD 80 and coking coal cost as well has fallen. How much of this fall in commodity prices will impact a company like JSW Steel?
A: Internationally the prices of both iron ore and coal have come down in the last few months. However, in India unfortunately the same trend is not been shown in the prices of particularly the iron ore due to shortage of iron ore in India. So overall production side iron ore in India in this year is expected to be lower at least by 30 million tonne due to which India has to import iron ore in this year. So to that extent of imports into India, JSW Steel stands to gain.
We had planned initially that every month we will import 0.5 million tonne – that is 6 million tonne in this year. However, after having seen severe shortages in India and unreasonable prices in the Indian market, we are now increasing our import of iron ore into India. We are increasing from 6 million tonne to 10 million tonne is what we are planning to do in this year.
Latha: What does this mean for margins? When global prices both iron ore and I would assume end product prices also fall, are you in slightly unfortunate situation where imported product, landed prices are falling but raw materials are not?
A: Maybe that is a blessing in disguise because internationally prices are falling particularly port-based plant like our Dolvi unit where it has to get iron ore from Odisha and Chhattisgarh. If they have to import iron ore today, imports are cheaper than getting iron ore from Odisha and Chhattisgarh at current prices. Therefore, it is a good situation where JSW Steel stands to gain by import of iron more. Its quality is better and we are importing high quality iron ore, so both together is beneficial for JSW Steel to get more imports.
Latha: You were saying that you expect margins to be higher this quarter?
A: I am not saying margins are higher or lower because as I mentioned to you the port-based steel plant in India - one of our units like Dolvi is a port-based plant, so if we import at the current prices, it is almost equal or slightly lower relative to what we otherwise get from Odisha or Chhattisgarh.
Sonia: What volumes you will be able to do. You did mention the last time that by the end of this fiscal you will do volumes of about 12.4 million tonne. Do you still stand with that forecast?
A: We have given the guidance of 12.9 million for production and 12.4 million tonne for sales. We will be able to achieve these targets.
Latha: You have a Brownfield expansion at Dolvi. You are including that. When does that entire expansion help you?
A: We are planning to commission Brownfield expansion in September 2015. Therefore, the targets which we have given in this year, is without considering the Brownfield which anyhow gets commissioned in the next year.
Sonia: You did mention that you import about half a million tonne of iron ore per month to counter the temporary shortage in Karnataka but what is the status as far as the Supreme Court’s approval for Karnataka government’s request to increase the production limit. Has there been any relief on that front and if that comes true, will you have to import less?
A: If iron ore production improves in Karnataka yes, we can import less in Karnataka but when Supreme Court directed to get additional three million tonne into the market by permitting Mysore Minerals Limited (MML) to produce additional production in the state of Karnataka, two more big mines got closed. Therefore, with that the 18 million tonne production which we were expected in this year, three million tonne is out and three million tonne is coming in, so overall I am not seeing a big improvement in the production of iron ore in Karnataka state.
Latha: The bid that you have put in for the Lucchini plant. Can you tell us more? What is the cost? What are the chances of you getting it? How will that change the profit and loss (P&L)?
A: We have been following a strategy of forward integration and backward integration wherever assets are available. We have been scanning those opportunities and Lucchini is one of that where we have billets in India. We will be able to send these billets and convert into finished products either rails or bars or rods or wire rods and sell in the market. They already have a customer base, so with that this target fits within a strategy which we have been following for over years. We have submitted our binding bids. We are yet to hear from them, so we will be able to share more information once we get the confirmation about acceptance of the bid but as on date the investment is not very big in this asset but it is only a forward integration. It is not taking over the entire integrated plant. Therefore, we are looking at only finishing mills which we will be taking over if the bid is accepted.
Latha: What is the capacity of the finishing mill?
A: The total together is 1.3 million tonne, all the three mills together – rail mill, wire rod mill and the bar mill.
Latha: Are you likely to get it at fairly attractive valuations because Severstal and its later owners are in trouble. Is this more like a slump sale so you are going to make a fairly decent bargain?
A: If it is not attractive valuation to JSW Steel, I do not think we will do it. So, it should make sense for us, it should fit in our strategy, it should be within our valuation range then only we will go ahead. Therefore, accordingly we submitted our bid and we are expecting that the response will come in the next few weeks. So once we receive a final acceptance from them then I will be able to share more information about other details.
JSW Steel stock price
On November 21, 2014, JSW Steel closed at Rs 1189.10, down Rs 20.05, or 1.66 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1365.35 and the 52-week low was Rs 805.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 124.82 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 9.53. The latest book value of the company is Rs 970.48 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.23.
RELATED NEWS

http://usat.ly/1qoEwq3Why Warren Buffett hates gold
It is "neither of much use nor procreative" according to Buffett.
Post to Facebook
Why Warren Buffett hates gold It is "neither of much use nor procreative" according to Buffett. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1urdbXZ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
93
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Why Warren Buffett hates gold
Matt DiLallo, The Motley Fool 8:18 a.m. EDT September 21, 2014
In this February 2010 photo provided by Donn Pearlman, the gold remains of a wooden cargo box unearthed from the SS Central America is shown at a coin collection expo in Long Beach, Calif.
(Photo: uncredited AP)
1157 CONNECT 242 TWEET 237 LINKEDIN 93 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Warren Buffett didn't become one of the greatest investors of our generation by investing in gold. In fact, he pretty much hates the shiny metal. Just take a look at part of a speech Buffett gave at Harvard in 1998 when he said of gold:
"(It) gets dug out of the ground in Africa or someplace. Then we melt it down, dig another hole, bury it again and pay people to stand around guarding it. It has no utility. Anyone watching from Mars would be scratching their head."
Buffett just doesn't get what all the fuss is about when it comes to gold. The way he sees it, the value of gold is nothing more than our stubborn willingness to protect its value.
However, that's not the worst part of gold in Buffett's view. His biggest issue is the fact that gold is just so worthless. Not in the value someone is willing to pay for an ounce of it, but in its ability to create wealth. In Buffett's opinion, gold is lazy and has no place in an investor's portfolio.
Lazy, good-for-nothing ...
Buffett hammered on gold in his 2011 shareholder letter calling it an "unproductive asset." He said that assets like gold "will never produce anything, but are purchased in the buyer's hope that someone else will pay more for them in the future." He went on to say that the owners of assets like gold "are not inspired by what the asset itself can produce -- it will remain lifeless forever -- but by the belief that others will desire it even more avidly in the future."
The problem with gold is that it has two major insurmountable shortcomings. It is "neither of much use nor procreative" according to Buffett. While he does allow for the caveat that gold has some small industrial and decorative use, the demand for either purpose is insufficient to use up all of the gold we are digging out of the ground just to hide it away again is a bank vault. However, his bigger issue with gold is that it can't be used to produce anything of value. Its value rises and falls based on what someone else is willing to pay for it, not based on its ability to generate income for its owner.
Productivity builds wealth, not gold
Buffett ends his diatribe on gold in that letter by contrasting it to the productive assets he prefers:
Today the world's gold stock is about 170,000 metric tons. If all of this gold were melded together, it would form a cube of about 68 feet per side. (Picture it fitting comfortably within a baseball infield.) At $1,127 per ounce,  its value would be about $9.6 trillion. Call this cube pile A.
Let's now create a pile B costing an equal amount. For that, we could buy all U.S. cropland (400 million acres with output of about $200 billion annually), plus 16 ExxonMobil's (the world's most profitable company, one earning more than $40 billion annually). After these purchases, we would have about $1 trillion left over for walking-around money (no sense feeling strapped after this buying binge). Can you imagine an investor with $9.6 trillion selecting pile A over pile B?
And yet, investors still do choose gold over these productive assets all the time. Assets that will be producing corn and cotton and oil and gas for longer than any of our lifespans. Meanwhile, the gold will be unmoved and still incapable of producing anything. To wit Buffett said, "You can fondle the cube, but it will not respond."
Don't be fooled by gold
There's a real good reason why Warren Buffett hates gold. One who buys gold is hoping for the greater fool to buy it from them for a higher price at some future date. But that's not investing -- it's gambling.
Instead, Buffett seeks to surround himself with assets that are constantly producing value. Income that flows through the business is reinvested in new lines of business that go on to produce more income. It's a never-ending cycle where new wealth is created each and every year. It takes advantage of the wonders of compounding income and leaves behind the folly of being allured by a lazy, good-for-nothing, shiny object.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives.  Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
&amp;amp;lt;SCRIPT language='JavaScript1.1'SRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/adj/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/SCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;AHREF="http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;IMGSRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?" BORDER=0 WIDTH=550 HEIGHT=300ALT="Advertisement"&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/A&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;gt;
1157 CONNECT 242 TWEET 237 LINKEDIN 93 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1urdbXZ
USA NOW
Marion Barry, former D.C. mayor, passes away at age 78
Nov 23, 2014

US air strikes target Islamic State in Syriaprint
US Navy F/A-18 fighter jet on bombing mission. (File Photo)
The United States began bombing ISIS targets in Syria using fighters, bomber and Tomahawk missiles, according to the Pentagon late Monday night.
"I can confirm that U.S. military and partner nation forces are undertaking military action against ISIL terrorists in Syria using a mix of fighter, bomber and Tomahawk Land Attack Missiles,” said Pentagon spokesperson Rear Admiral John Kirby.
“Given that these operations are ongoing, we are not in a position to provide additional details at this time,” he added.
Saudi Arabia and Jordan were among countries that took part in these bombings, according to reports.
The bombings came a day before President Barack Obama was scheduled to address the UN Security Council on foreign fighters working with the ISIS in Syria and Iraq.
Also, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is arriving here later in the week for UN general assembly meetings in New York and talks with President Barrack Obama in DC.
ISIS was to figure in their talks, but now with the US attacking the terrorist outfit — which is holding Indians hostages in Mosul, Iraq — the strikes may move up their agenda.
Obama administration officials told US media that Monday’s bombings were focussed on targets — mostly buildings — in Raqqa, a Syrian city now home to ISIS.
US strikes on ISIS position in Syria were expected after President Barack Obama announced earlier this month “I have made it clear that we will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country, wherever they are.”
“That means,” he had added, “I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL (an alternate acronym for ISIS, also sometimes called just IS, for Islamic State) in Syria, as well as Iraq.”
Senior US officials have been saying for a while now that the only effective way of dealing with ISIS — destroying it, in other words — was to attack it in both Iraq and Syria.
The strategy was to first chase them out of Iraq once a more inclusive government was in place in Baghdad, denying ISIS support from disgruntled Sunnis.
Corner them in Syria then, in their so-called strongholds, such as Raqqa, said the next phase of the plan, and then hit them there with every resource available to US forces.
US military had not made available any estimates of the damage inflicted by these new expanded attacks on ISIS, but experts warned this fight was far from over yet.

Shiv Sena willing to give 125 seats  delegation meets BJP leadersBJP, Sena near truce; may fight polls together
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 23, 2014
First Published: 11:36 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:25 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
After bickering for more than a week over sharing seats for the Maharashtra assembly elections, the Shiv Sena and BJP on Tuesday finally decided to keep their 25-year-old alliance going in the western state that goes to the polls on October 15.
The Sena, which remains firm on contesting 151 of the 288 seats with an eye on the chief minister’s post, showed willingness to give away one more seat to the BJP.
If both succeed in arm-twisting the smaller allies, the Sena would end up with at least 150 seats, the BJP with 124-126 seats, leaving 12-14 seats to the others.  
At the time of going to press, leaders from the saffron combine were in talks to finalise the seat-sharing formula, with the smaller allies unhappy over what they would have to give up.
Video: BJP leaders to meet Shiv Sena to save Maharashtra alliance
While the ruling alliance — the Congress and the Nationalist Congress — again hit a roadblock over the number of seats each would fight,  the saffron camp appeared confident as leaders met at the BJP’s office on Tuesday morning.
Sena leaders drove down in senior Maharashtra BJP leader Vinod Tawde’s car, sparking speculation of a deal being sealed. The Sena in an editorial in its mouthpiece Saamana indicated alliance trouble had been sorted out.
The “horses of Sena-BJP were running fast and were unstoppable against the mules of Congress-NCP”, it said.
The Sena softened its stand after several senior BJP leaders spoke to Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, party sources said. “Our alliance will stay. We will talk sharing of seats with our smaller allies and fix the final formula,” said Sena MP Sanjay Raut.
Thackeray had on Sunday made a “final offer” of 119 seats to the BJP and set aside 151 seats for the Sena.
The new formula, if agreed up on, will ensure that the Sena keeps to its “Mission 150” alive, while the BJP increases its seat count by five-seven seats.

Supreme Court issues elaborate guidelines on encounter death cases  makes FIR and probemandatoryPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:39 pm
Issuing elaborate guidelines on deaths in police encounter, the Supreme Court ruled that in all cases of encounter deaths there shall be mandatory registration of FIRs and investigation by CID or any other independent agency.
A bench led by Chief Justice R M Lodha also said that no officer shall be given out of turn promotion or a gallantry award for encounter operations till the inquiry is completed on its genuineness.
The court said that the magisterial inquiry should be completed expeditiously and of a police officer is found guilty of involvement in a fake encounter, he should be proceeded against legally and departmentally.
The PIL in the matter was filed by NGO, People’s Union for Civil Liberties’ (PUCL) which, along with NHRC, had also suggested for the setting up a separate and independent probe agency under NHRC or the state human rights commission to probe all encounter killings.
The plea has sought that unless proved beyond doubt that an encounter was genuine, no officer should be promoted or rewarded and compensation money for dependents of every fake encounter killing should be equivalent to the reward money given to the police in such operations.
The bench, in this matter, is separately hearing submissions relating to the proposal for streamlining the process of media briefings by police.

Police plan to turn Kerala capital tobacco-freePress Trust of India | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:38 pm
Kerala capital may turn into a tobacco-free city soon with city police taking several initiatives, including strict implementation of anti-tobacco laws.
Close on the heels of the state government increasing the tax on cigarette, the city police has joined hands with “janamaithri” personnel, the community police wing of the state police, for strict enforcement of anti-tobacco laws by declaring major institutions and its premises here “smoke-free zones”.
As part of the move, the Medical College hospital and its premises were declared ‘smoke free’ area recently by banning consumption and sale of tobacco products there.
City Police Commissioner H Venkitesh said major state-run firms and their premises here would be declared smoke-free zones and a strict vigil would put in place to monitor violations.
“The aim of the project is to declare the capital city tobacco-free. We already have anti-tobacco laws and we are now planning for their stringent enforcement,” Venkitesh said.
“We are targeting government hospitals, schools and other state-run firms in the initial phase. We hope that we can achieve itby  step-by-step banning consumption and sale of illegal tobacco products in selected places by declaring the areas as ‘smoke-free zones,” he said.
Kerala had banned the manufacturing, sale and storage of pan masala containing tobacco or nicotine in 2012.
“Cases will be registered against all violators- both smokers and vendors who sell tobacco products- based on various sections of anti-tobacco laws,” he said.

India to focus on UNSC reform  terrorism  peacekeeping atUNGAPrint
Press Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:08 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 3:15 pm
Early reform of the UN Security Council, terrorism and peacekeeping will be among the main issues that India will pursue during the world body’s General Assembly session, Indian Ambassador to the UN has said.
Highlighting the broad areas that will occupy India’s attention during the 69th session of the UN’s 193-member body, Asoke Mukerji said his delegation will focus on the “unfinished business of 2005 (which is) the early reform of the UN Security Council.”
He said the last seven rounds of discussions have “thrown up enough material” for UN member states to now begin negotiating the early reform of the Security Council on the basis of a negotiation text.
Briefing reporters in United Nations on Monday ahead of the start of the high-level General Debate on September 24, Mukerji said India has sought that when the next round of Inter- governmental negotiations resume in November, “it should resume on the basis of a negotiation text which would provide all delegations a framework in which to demonstrate their flexibility and to engage in give and take of negotiations.
“The Intergovernmental Negotiations on UNSC reform have continued to remain deadlocked because of the absence of text. India will press for a text-based process of negotiations in the IGN whose 11th round will commence in the 69th General Assembly,” Mukerji said.
“Without a text it is not possible for us to demonstrate any constructive approach on this subject,” he said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address the UN General Assembly on September 27. Mukerji did not give details of the other engagements of Modi.
On terrorism, India will continue to strive for progress towards finalisation of the draft Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism.
“India will also initiate action for the listing of terrorists of security concern to us by the Al-Qaeda and Taliban Sanctions Committees of the UN Security Council. On September 25, the Council would adopt a resolution on counter-terrorism, an area which has been important for India for the last three decades,” Mukerji said.
“India is one of the countries suffering from terrorism and we are happy that finally the impact of foreign terrorist fighters on peace and stability is being recognised specifically by the UN,” he said.
Mukerji said peacekeeping is another area where India will actively engage in.  India is the largest contributor to UN peacekeeping with 170,000 Indian soldiers having participated in 43 missions.
Mukerji said Indian soldiers are present in the “hot spots of the global crisis today. We believe strongly that the views of a country that contributes troops such as India should be taken into account by the Security Council when they formulate the mandate for peacekeeping.”
He said peacekeeping is very important in the South Asian region as there are areas undergoing tremendous political and social upheaval.
“New approaches of using peacekeeping as a solution to such upheaval will not be sustainable,” he added.
With several Indian peacekeepers being killed in the line of duty, Mukerji said India has been asking the UNSC to take steps to investigate and prosecute those who target peacekeepers.
Another main area that continued…

Israeli troops kill Hamas men blamed for slaying teens ArmyPrint
Reuters | Hebron | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:00 pm
Israeli troops shot dead on Tuesday two Palestinians blamed for killing three Israeli youths in the occupied West Bank in June, the military said, an incident that had spiralled into a seven-week war in Gaza.
Israel had been searching for Marwan Kawasme and Amar Abu Aysha, militants in their 30s from the Hebron area, for months. They were named as the men who grabbed and shot dead the three teens who were hitchhiking at night near a Jewish settlement on June 12. Hebron residents said troops surrounded a house in the city before dawn and reported sounds of gunfire.
The military said army and police forces had located Kawasme and Abu Aysha there and were seeking their arrest, when a firefight erupted, “We opened fire, they returned fire and they were killed in the exchange,” Israeli military spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Peter Lerner said in a telephone briefing. “We have visual confirmation for one. The second one, we have no visual confirmation, but the assumption is he was killed.”
Hebron Governor Kamel Hmeid said on Palestinian radio that the two were dead. “It’s clear now the two martyrs, al-Kawasme and Abu Aysha, were assassinated this morning during a military operation in the Hebron University area. We condemn this crime, this assassination, as deliberate and premeditated murder,” he said.
Kawasme and Abu Aysha were affiliated with Hamas, which initially denied any link to the attack. Last month the group acknowledged responsibility, though its leadership said they had no advance knowledge the men were going to strike.
Israeli forces began West Bank sweeps, rounding up hundreds of suspected Hamas members in house-to-house raids after the three Jewish seminary students, Eyal Yifrach, aged 19, and 16-year-olds Gilad Shaer and Naftali Fraenkel, who was also a U.S. citizen, went missing.
Their bodies were found on June 30 in a field near Hebron. The killings set off a cycle of violence, with the suspected revenge murder by three Israelis of Palestinian Mohammed Abu Khudair, 16, in Jerusalem, igniting regular clashes between Israeli police and stone-throwing Palestinians.
The arrests in the West Bank stoked hostilities with Hamas, which runs the Gaza Strip, where Israel launched an offensive on July 8, after a surge of rocket fire from the Palestinian enclave into Israeli territory. Gaza medical officials say 2,100 Palestinians, mostly civilians, were killed. Sixty-seven Israeli soldiers and six civilians in Israel were also killed.

Protests  black flags await Narendra Modi during US visitWashingtonPrint
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:52 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 12:56 pm
Several groups in the US have decided to hold a series of protest rallies against Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he travels to New York and Washington this month.
The recently formed Alliance for Justice and Accountability (AJA) on Monday announced that it would show black flags to Modi when he heads to the Madison Square Garden in mid-town Manhattan in New York on September 28.
The Sikh For Justice announced to convene a “Citizens’ Court” to “indict” Modi at a park in front of the White House on September 30, when the Prime Minister would be meeting US President Barack Obama at his Oval Office.
“The ‘indictment’ proceedings will be conducted in a replica court room set up in the President’s Park right in the front of the White House. The ‘charge sheet’ issued by SFJ lists actions of Modi” during the 2002 Gujarat riots, a statement from the Sikh group said.
“Black Flags for visiting PM Modi,” said the AJA in a flyer sent to its members on Monday.
AJA mostly comprises of Indian-American organizations and individuals who were part of Coalition Against Genocide (CAG), which had successfully campaigned against US visa to Modi, when he was the Gujarat Chief Minister.
“Alliance for Justice and Accountability is a coalition of individuals and organizations that are concerned about the rapid erosion of human rights and religious freedom in India,” said Dr Shaikh Ubaid, a founding member of the Coalition Against Genocide, who is now instrumental in forming this new alliance.
“The Alliance has been formed in the wake of increasing violence and incendiary rhetoric against minorities led by organisations and parties aligned with the Sangh Parivar. Its initial objective is to use the high profile visit of Narendra Modi to draw attention to the threats to India’s pluralism,” said Ubaid.
“Come join us as we stand in protest of Narendra Modi’s visit and talk in New York City at Madison Square Garden on September 28th,” the alliance said in a Facebook Post.
Its initial objective is to use the high profile visit of Narendra Modi to draw attention to the threats to India's pluralism.

Anti-Modi groups to protest during PM s US visitModi to face protests, black flags during visit to US
PTI  Washington DC, September 23, 2014
First Published: 12:24 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:44 IST(23/9/2014)
Several anti-Modi groups in the US will hold a series of protest rallies against Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he travels to New York and Washington this month, reports PTI.
 
The recently formed Alliance for Justice and Accountability (AJA) on Monday announced that it will show black flags to Modi when he heads to the Madison Square Garden in mid-town Manhattan in New York on September 28.
 
The Sikh For Justice announced to convene a "Citizens'Court" to "indict" Modi at a park in front of the White House on September 30, when the Prime Minister would be meeting US President Barack Obama at his Oval Office.
 
"The 'indictment' proceedings will be conducted in a replica court room set up in the President's Park right in the front of the White House. The 'charge sheet' issued by SFJ lists actions of Modi" during the 2002 Gujarat riots, a statement from the Sikh group said.
 
"Black Flags for visiting PM Modi," said the AJA in a flyer sent to its members.
 
AJA mostly comprises of Indian-American organizations and individuals who were part of Coalition Against Genocide (CAG), which had successfully campaigned against US visa to Modi, when he was the Gujarat Chief Minister.
 
"Alliance for Justice and Accountability is a coalition of individuals and organizations that are concerned about the rapid erosion of human rights and religious freedom in India," said Dr Shaikh Ubaid, a founding member of the Coalition Against Genocide, who is now instrumental in forming this new alliance.
 
"The Alliance has been formed in the wake of increasing violence and incendiary rhetoric against minorities led by organisations and parties aligned with the Sangh Parivar. Its initial objective is to use the high profile visit of Narendra Modi to draw attention to the threats to India's pluralism," Ubaid told PTI.
 
"Come join us as we stand in protest of Narendra Modi's visit and talk in New York City at Madison Square Garden on September 28th," the alliance said in a Facebook Post.

Eye Rs 1000cr from divestments; may list road projs: SREISep 23, 2014, 03.54 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Eye Rs 1000cr from divestments; may list Viom: SREI Infra
Hemant Kanoria, chairman and managing director, SREI Infrastructure Finance expects a better FY15 than the earlier year buoyed by the new government’s sincere intent at reviving infrastructure sector.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Eye Rs 1000cr from divestments; may list Viom: SREI Infra
Hemant Kanoria, chairman and managing director, SREI Infrastructure Finance expects a better FY15 than the earlier year buoyed by the new government’s sincere intent at reviving infrastructure sector.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Hemant Kanoria, chairman and managing director,  SREI Infrastructure Finance says the company is looking to divest its assets worth Rs 500-1000 crore and expects them to be monetized by this fiscal year-end.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Kanoria says the company is working on various routes, including initial public offer (IPO), to monetize telecom tower operator Viom Network.SREI Infra has an 18 percent stake in the company that is a joint venture (JV) with Tata Group.
The company may opt to list on either New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) or the London Stock Exchange (LSE), he further adds.
Kanoria is also eyeing the listing of the company’s various road projects. He says the company is currently in talks with merchant bankers for the listing of two of its road projects.
Also read: GMR Infra seeks Sebi nod for Rs 1,500 cr rights issue
Furthermore, Kanoria expects a better FY15 than the earlier year buoyed by the new government’s sincere intent at reviving the infrastructure sector.
“We expect some improvement in gross non-performing loans (NPLs). We saw marginal optimism in Q1, but expect a significant lower level of NPLs in Q3 and Q4,” he further adds.
Below is the edited transcript of Hemant Kanoria's interview with Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: Can you tell us what is happening with Viom in terms of listing or stake sale if you could give us any kind of update on that?
A: That process is already on for Viom. As we have gone to public and said many times that there are various options that we are looking at, so that is on track.
On the disinvestment and also getting some dilutions listings etc, so all the opportunities and potentials are being explored there. But as other things in infrastructure is concerned, gradually things are now looking up, I would say that.
On the ground level, things have still not started happening in the manner that we had expected but I am sure that with the kind of exuberance of the government and now that three-four months are over, so things will gradually start happening. 
Ekta: Just to probe a little bit with regards to, can you give us a sense in terms of which would be your preferable route in terms of monetisation? Would it be via strategic stake sale something which the company has spoken about multiple times or maybe even listing, which one would be something that you are more proactively working towards at this point?
A: It will be very difficult to say something, we are proactively working on all these particular route. So to be able to specifically mention which is the one that we are going to close very soon is going to be difficult at this juncture. So I think that we will just have to wait for some time and we would declare it as and when we see which route we are going to pursue more closely.
Anuj: When was the last time a valuation exercise was done for Viom because I believe American Tower had put a price of about Rs 19,000 crore for Viom’s business?
A: There are a lot of speculations on the Viom valuations etc but as I said let us just wait for sometime and will definitely come back and declare to the public what is happening. It is all work in progress.
Anuj: How is overall business shaping up? Have you started to notice any kind of green shoots in the businesses that you operate in and do you think this year is going to be better than last year?
A: This year will definitely be better than the last year because one that the government’s clarity is already there. Now the government wants infrastructure investments to speed up whether it will be roads, power, port and there is an intent of the government which is very sincere in these particular fields but at the same time at the ground level, it takes time for implementation to happen. So in the road sector, the government has decided that they would have both EPC contract and BOT projects going on simultaneously. Projects will soon start getting announced and in the power sector also, we have been hearing the minister, he has been speaking in public and to the media also that in the power sector, the government will find out solutions for coal, they will find out solution for the general power sector. So, all these are good news. But as I said that at the ground level, things would take some time to happen and we have to be fair to this new government to give them some time.
Ekta: Are you still focusing on refinancing of projects as opposed to financing of fresh projects within the infrastructure space?
A: We are looking at both. We are wherever the opportunities are -- Greenfield projects are less at this juncture because people have still not been able to finalise to go on for any green field projects. So I think that what we are now at present looking at is refinancing, we are looking at opportunities, where people have got a little stuck up and they need the last mile financing for the project to start off and those are the kind of opportunities, which are many at this juncture. But we have taken a view that we would view very cautiously on the project financing side. We have also expanded our portfolio into healthcare and hospitality because the government and RBI has also included that in the infrastructure sector.
Ekta: That is the point that I wanted to take forward in terms of asset quality because as of Q1, your gross NPAs stood at 2.98 percent which was the significant improvement from what you have clocked in FY14. Is there scope for further improvement in your gross NPLs especially with the fact that maybe you are now exposing yourself in terms of disbursements to lesser risky sectors that you mentioned?
A: I think that from the NPL perspective, we have seen the worst. So I don’t think that there is going to be anything worse than what we have seen in FY13-FY14. FY14-FY15 we are sanguine that things would improve, in Q1 we have seen some improvement and from Q3 and Q4, we will start seeing a marked improvement. I am not saying that in Q2 we are going to again see something which is substantially different than Q1 but Q3 and Q4 we see things would improve much better.
Anuj: Apart from Viom, any other asset sale and if you could give us some timeline in terms of your stakes in road projects and some other assets for monetisation of that if you have drawn up any timeline?
A: On the road sector also, we are pursuing. We have two opportunities there. One is that we are looking at an IPO for roads also that IPO plus the infrastructure rate structure also - infrastructure trusts structure which the government has come out with in this particular budget and SEBI has also come out with a draft guidelines. So we explore both these opportunities and see whichever makes sense for us and whichever can be faster because we have many of the road projects, which have started tolling. So we would look at monetisation of the road projects to a certain extent and then also raise fresh money to increase our investments in the road sector because we are quite sanguine that the road projects will continue to do well and the sector because we don’t have any stress in our portfolio at this juncture. So therefore, we are quite enthusiastic to take it up further.
Anuj: IPO is an option and have you spoken to merchant bankers, have you drawn up any kind of timeline for this?
A: We have been speaking to investment bankers. We have also internally drawn up a draft information memorandum, which we are now detailing. We would wait and see which is the best opportunity, whether an IPO would be better for the company or would it better to go in for the infrastructure investment trust, the option which has now been mooted by the government.
Ekta: How much is the company looking to possibly raise via the divestment or monetisation in any firm?
A: It would be somewhere about - we are looking at both the primary and secondary offering taken together somewhere between Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 crore.
Ekta: When would you like to complete it by? Any sort of internal target or guideline that the company is working with maybe by end of FY15, end of FY16, any more clarity on timeline?
A: No, I think that FY15 is what we are targeting that within FY15 we should be in a position to monetize to some extent and then also it will give us fresh funds to take up more projects, which we think the government will start announcing from Q3 and Q4 of this financial year.
SREI Infra stock price
On November 21, 2014, SREI Infrastructure Finance closed at Rs 42.80, down Rs 0.4, or 0.93 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 57.55 and the 52-week low was Rs 19.35.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 1.70 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 25.18. The latest book value of the company is Rs 53.22 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.80.
RELATED NEWS

Golechha Global Finance: Outcome of AGMSep 23, 2014, 01.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Golechha Global Finance: Outcome of AGM
Golechha Global Finance has informed that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Golechha Global Finance: Outcome of AGM
Golechha Global Finance has informed that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Golechha Global Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

IFCI up 4%  to divest partial stake in Tourism Finance CorpSep 23, 2014, 12.18 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IFCI up 4%, to divest partial stake in Tourism Finance Corp
"IFCI will partially disinvest its shareholding in TFCI in financial year 2014-15," said the company in its filing to BSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IFCI up 4%, to divest partial stake in Tourism Finance Corp
"IFCI will partially disinvest its shareholding in TFCI in financial year 2014-15," said the company in its filing to BSE.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  IFCI rallied as much as 4 percent intraday Tuesday after the company decided to divest some stake in  Tourism Finance Corporation of India (TFCI).
"IFCI will partially disinvest its shareholding in TFCI in financial year 2014-15," said the company in its filing to BSE.
IFCI, which holds 42.5 percent stake or 3.4 crore equity shares of TFCI (as of June 2014), is the biggest shareholder as a promoter in the TFCI followed by State Bank of India with 9.19 percent stake, LIC 7.7 percent, Bank of India 4.7 percent, United India Insurance Company with 1.48 percent and Oriental Insurance Company 1.29 percent.
At Monday’s closing price of Rs 48.45 on TFCI, IFCI’s stake was valued at Rs 165 crore.
It was the second disinvestment announced by the company in current financial year. Earlier on June 20, IFCI had proposed partial disinvestment in National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) and disinvestment of entire stake in IFCI Financial Services.
At 12:00 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 35.45, up Rs 1.10, or 3.20 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Sanofi gains 14% post NPPA s withdrawal orderLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sanofi gains 14% post NPPA's withdrawal order
Sanofi is a major player in the diabetes space and many of its top selling brands for like Amaryl and many other products were coming under the price control order. Hence, the company had to cut prices.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Shares of Sanofi India  surged 14.85 percent intraday on Tuesday after National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has withdrawn guidelines for price control of 108 non-scheduled drugs. The withdrawal of guidelines means price control orders are no longer valid.
Sanofi was most hit after the price control notification came out on July 10 because that notification covered 108 cardiovascular and diabetes drugs.
Sanofi is a major player in the diabetes space and many of its top selling brands like Amaryl and many other products were coming under the price control order. Hence, the company had to cut prices.
It was estimated that it would bear a sales impact of around Rs 140 crore. This figure could be slightly inflated but it was somewhere around the range predicted by IMS and All India Organisation of Chemists and Druggists (AIOCD).
Once the guidelines for this price control are removed, the order also ceases to be invalid. This indicates that Sanofi will not have to go through all the process of reducing prices or taking price cuts on those brands and that sales impact of Rs 140 crore will be saved and that is why the stock is buzzing in trade today.
While this order was disputed in the court, Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (IPA) and Organisation of Pharmaceutical Producers of India (OPPI) had filed cases and contested this in Bombay High Court and Delhi High Court.
Some companies had gone ahead and made changes on ground. Sanofi was one of them and therefore, the company had actually taken price cut on some of its brand, including Amaryl.
The move is certainly a positive for Sanofi although a bit of a niggling issue will remain in terms of inventory and the stock roll back.
RELATED NEWS

Photos: Blair House  the US President s guest house in Washington where Modi will stay34
0
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will stay at the US President's guest house, the 190-year-old Blair House, when he travels to Washington on September 29. Former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the last one to stay at the guest house. "Built as a private home in 1824, Blair House has played an important role in nearly 190 years of American political, diplomatic and cultural history- from Andrew Jackson's 'Kitchen Cabinet', to private chats with Abraham Lincoln, to Harry S Truman's crucial leadership as World War II ended and the Cold War began. Now, as then, US Presidents continue to rely on Blair House as a significant foreign policy tool," as per the official information.
171

Maharashtra elections: Congress  NCP seat-sharing talks inconclusive37
0
Mumbai: The Congress and National Congress Party held talks to try and iron out their differences over seat sharing for Maharashtra Assembly elections.
The Congress said that the first round of meeting on Tuesday morning was inconclusive.
Senior Congress leader Narayan Rane told reporters that the two sides have decided to meet again at 8:30 PM as "no solution could be arrived at".
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #congress #ncp
The meeting was held at Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan's official residence - Varsha.
The Congress has been refusing to yield to NCP's demand for equal seats, while the latter has rejected offer of 124 of the state's 288 Assembly seats. The Congress has also hinted of contesting alone if a consensus was not reached.
NCP leader Praful Patel and Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar, state party chief Sunil Tatkare and other leaders attended the meeting, to resolve the seat-sharing deadlock and salvage the 15-year-old alliance.
State Congress chief Manikrao Thakre, who was present at the meeting, also said the "talks were inconclusive."
The NCP's core committee chaired by party chief Sharad Pawar had gone into a huddle on Monday where it reaffirmed that the alliance should continue but insisted on getting a larger share of the state's 288 Assembly seats than 124 offered by the Congress.
The NCP had contested 114 and Congress 174 in 2009 Assembly elections and has been insisting on fielding candidates in half of the 288 seats, citing it had double the number of Lok Sabha seats in the state than Congress. In the worst-ever performance for the ruling alliance, NCP had won four Lok Sabha seats against Congress's two.
(With additional information from PTI)
1

Delhi: Ajit Singh s supporters tries to enter his bungalow  100 detained4
1
New Delhi: Around 150 people, including some former Rashtriya Lok Dal MPs have been detained forcibly outside Tughlak Road in the national capital as they tried to enter party chief Ajit Singh's bungalow on Tuesday.
Singh's supporters including RLD leader Rakesh Tikait and other jat leaders were expected to hold a Kisan Mahapanchayat outside Singh's residence. They were likely to discuss the course of action for their demand to convert Singh's government bunglow into a memorial for former prime minister Chaudhary Charan Singh.
Police has barricaded several roads in the Lutyens zone and shut down Race Course Road metro station to prevent protesters from reaching 12 Tughlaq Road bungalow for the meeting.
#ajit singh #ajit singh bungalow #rld #ajit singh supporters
Police has said that the gathering was "illegal" and all those trying to participate in the 'Jat Mahapanchayt' will be detained.
The barricading of major roads around Tughlaq Road caused traffic snarls in various parts of central and south Delhi in the morning rush hour. The cascading effect was felt at INA, Teen Murti, Aurangzeb Road, Rajesh Pilot Road and several other roundabouts as traffic remained heavy.
The bungalow is currently occupied by Charan Singh's son Ajit who has refused to evict the government property and has demanded that the bungalow be converted into a memorial to his father.
The government, however, had rejected the demand, saying the Union Cabinet in 2000 had banned conversion of government bungalows into memorials.
According to a Delhi Traffic Police official, Prithviraj Road and Safdarjung Road were open for traffic but roads around Tughlaq Road including Arvindo Chowk have been shut down for normal traffic.
Singh, who lost the recently held election, was served the eviction notice and electricity supply to the sprawling bungalow was disconnected by the authorities last week.
(With additional information from PTI)
2

India International Bullion Summit to be held in MumbaiSep 23, 2014 at 12:45pm IST
India International Bullion Summit to be held in Mumbai
5
0
Mumbai: The second edition of India International Bullion Summit (IIBS) will be organised by the India Bullion and Jewellers Association on October 4-5.
To commemorate its 66th foundation day, India Bullion and Jewellers Association Ltd (IBJA), the apex body of bullion and jewellery associations in the country, will host the summit, a statement issued said.
"India is currently the major market for bullion and jewellery, we are looking forward to the increased and active participation from all over the world at this summit where the eminent industry leaders, both domestic and international, would share their thoughts and also address some of the critical issues," IIBS President Mohit Kamboj said.
India International Bullion Summit (IIBS) will be organised by the India Bullion and Jewellers Association on October 4-5.
#india international bullion summit #india bullion and jewellers association #fdi investment #mumbai
Over 2,000 delegates from India and countries like Hong Kong, UAE, the UK and Turkey are expected to participate in the two-day deliberations on important and relevant topics such as FDI investment in bullion and jewellery industry, Changes needed in gold policy, among others, Kamboj said.
Eminent speakers include P R Somsundaram, Managing Director & Alistair Hewitt, Market Intelligence from World Gold Council; Motilal Oswal, Chairman & Managing Director, Motilal Oswal Financial Service Ltd; Surender Kumar Jindal, Director, Jindal Group and Rajesh Khosla, Managing Director, MMTC-PAMP India Pvt Ltd.
1

Man gets life imprisonment for burning to death wife in UPSep 23, 2014 at 12:41pm IST
Man gets life imprisonment for burning to death wife in UP
6
0
Muzaffarnagar: A man has been sentenced to life imprisonment for killing his wife by setting her ablaze, with the court relying on her dying declaration though all the witnesses turned hostile during the trial.
Additional District Sessions Judge Arvind Upadhaye convicted Nitu under Section 302 (murder) of IPC, according to government counsel Yashpal Singh.
The court also imposed a fine of Rs 20,000 on the convict.
A man has been sentenced to life imprisonment for killing his wife by setting her ablaze, with the court relying on her dying declaration.
Nitu poured kerosene on his wife Pinki and set her ablaze when she opposed his drinking habit at Hasanpur village on January 16, 2010.
Pinki was rushed to a hospital where she gave her statement before a magistrate.
The couple were married in 2007.
During the trial, all eyewitnesses turned hostile. But the court found the husband guilty on the basis on the dying declaration of the victim.
1

Chhattisgarh lawyer suicide attempt: SC directs Bilaspur CJM to prepare report6
0
New Delhi: The Supreme Court has directed the Chief Judicial Magistrate of Bilaspur to prepare a report on the case of a Chhattisgarh lawyer who attempted suicide in the premises of  the court on Monday. The court has taken suo motu cognizance of the suicide bid by the Chhattisgarh lawyer and her allegation that she had been gangraped and denied justice.
The female lawyer from Chhattisgarh had consumed phenyl in the court premises on Monday after claiming that she was gangraped by her relatives in her home state in November 2013. The lawyer also claimed that she was denied justice and took the extreme step to highlight her plight.
The lawyer was rushed to Ram Manohar Lohia hospital after her preliminary treatment at the Supreme Court dispensary.
The female lawyer from Chhattisgarh had consumed phenyl in the court premises on Monday after claiming that she was gangraped.

IFCI keen to partially offload stake in Tourism Finance Corpn  says CEOIFCI keen to partially offload stake in Tourism Finance Corpn, says CEO
K.R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
IFCI looks to partially divest its shareholding in Tourism Finance Corporation of India, Malay Mukherjee, Managing Director and CEO, IFCI, said.
“IFCI is not looking to completely exit from Tourism Finance Corporation. Our plan is just to partially divest our shareholding and make gains from the recent run-up in its share price,” Mukherjee told Business Line.
IFCI, a promoter group entity in TFCI, currently holds 42.5 per cent stake and is its biggest shareholder. The other major shareholders are State Bank of India (9.19 per cent), LIC (7.7 per cent), Bank of India (4.7 per cent), United India Insurance (1.48 per cent) and Oriental Insurance Company (1.29 per cent).
The stock exchanges have already been informed about the plan to partially offload shareholding in TFCI, Mukherjee said.
IFCI has recently been on a value unlocking spree, looking to divest small stakes in several of its subsidiaries, associate and portfolio companies, such as National Stock Exchange. The Government-owned company is also looking to completely exit from its subsidiary IFCI Financial Services.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Food Minister calls for increase in subsidised foodgrain handoutsNo plans to raise allocation in food welfare programme, says Ram Vilas Paswan
Mayank Bhardwaj     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 14:39 IST
Photo: Reuters
The government has no plans to raise grain allocations under its food welfare programme, Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan told Reuters on Tuesday, after a newspaper had quoted him calling for an increase in such subsidised handouts.
"It is true that we have large stocks of rice and wheat but there is no proposal, no suggestion, to give 7 kg instead of 5," Paswan said. "There is no such plan."
In an earlier interview with The Economic Times, Paswan had said the government wanted to hike monthly handouts of food grains like rice by 40 per cent from the current five kilograms per person.
(Reuters)

Sensex cracks over 300 pts; Nifty slips below 8 100; top 20 stock betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex slips over 450 points, Nifty below 8050; top 20 intraday bets
ET Now Sep 23, 2014, 03.08PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped over 450 points in intraday trade on Tuesday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets.
The fall in the index was led by losses in L&T, M&M, ITC and ICICI Bank .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial 8050 level.
At 3:21 pm, the Sensex was at 26,750.12; down 456.62 points.
The Nifty was at 8,012.10; down 134.20 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 216 and a stop loss of Rs 200
Tata Motors DVR is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 367
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3060 and a stop loss of Rs 2980
IGL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 450 and a stop loss of Rs 420
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Geometric Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 175 and a stop loss of Rs 157
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 322
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1775 and a stop loss of Rs 1699
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 335 and a stop loss of Rs 317
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 75.50 and a stop loss of Rs 68.50
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 334 and a stop loss of Rs 318
Hindalco Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 151 and a stop loss of Rs 163
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2850 and a stop loss of Rs 2710
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
CESC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 825 and a stop loss of Rs 775
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 354
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 606 and a stop loss of Rs 583
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
Dabur India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 219
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 145 and a stop loss of Rs 133.50
GAIL India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 467 and a stop loss of Rs 439
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Kolte Patil Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 198 and a stop loss of Rs 188
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 368 and a stop loss of Rs 356
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Slumps 350 Points  Nifty Below 8 050You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Struggle Amid Choppy Trade
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 11:49 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled in noon trade amid choppy trade, with selling pressure seen in banking, oil & gas, metal and realty stocks.
The losses were capped however due to gains in IT stocks. The Sensex was down 70 points to 27,136 while Nifty fell 21 points to 8,125.
The BSE midcap and smallcap indices gave up most of its early gains and were trading flat. The breadth on the markets also turned weak with 1,375 stocks declining on the BSE and 1,110 advancing.
Mayuresh Joshi of Angel Broking expects the markets to remain rangebound in the near term. He recommends investors booking some profit in select FMCG and midcap counters that in which valuations remain stretched.
Buying by foreign investors slowed down in the past week with foreign institutional investors (FIIs) selling on average Rs 73 crore per day between September 16-19. In comparison, their average daily buying during September 9-15 stood at Rs 393 crore and during September 1-8 at Rs 990 crore.
Sanjay Sinha, founder of Citrus Advisors, termed the current dip in FII buying as "episodic" and he expects a pick-up soon. A pick-up in buying from domestic investors will partly compensate for the fall in FII buying, he added.
Among IT stocks, HCL Tech, Wipro, and Tech Mahindra were up between 0.70 per cent and 1.5 per cent.
Among metal stocks, JSPL, NMDC, Hindalco were down nearly 1.5 per cent. The softening in global commodity prices weighed on the metal stocks with the BSE sectoral index falling 7.5 per cent in past one month.
DLF fell over 3 per cent to be the biggest loser among Nifty stocks. BNP Paribas downgraded DLF to "reduce" from "hold", cutting target price to Rs 146 from Rs 169.
Elsewhere in other global markets, Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was flat today. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 11:47 (IST)

In 2018  Internet advertising in India will still be promising but smallTV will continue to rule.(AP Photo/Rajesh Kumar Singh)
SHARE
Shruti Chakraborty @shruti_14789
September 23, 2014
Internet advertising in India will grow the fastest among all media segments in the next five years, but in 2018 it will still be less than half the size of television and print, in a markedly different trajectory from global trends, a new report by consultant PwC says .
While internet advertising will nearly dethrone television as the largest segment globally by 2018, in India it will still account for just 16% of the overall ad pie. It is expected to be worth Rs100 billion by that time, up from 8% now. This is despite growing at a compounded annual rate of 28%, which is the fastest for any segment. Print, at seven percent, will grow at the slowest clip, while television will grow at the industry average of 15%, the report said.
“In the global context, internet advertising is going to be big. In India it will take longer than five years for that,” said Smita Jha, leader of the entertainment and media practice at PwC India.
TV will, however, continue to be the biggest revenue generator in the Indian entertainment and media industry.
The report estimates that while TV will have 37% share of revenues in 2018, internet access will retain its second spot, with 29% share in revenues. The print medium will be at the third spot with 14% share of the total revenue. Currently, TV has 38% of the industry’s revenues, while internet access and print have 22% and 20% respectively.
Internet access should count towards telecom revenues but as many cable TV providers have started bundling broadband access with their services, the industry seems to be facing a classification conundrum.
Share
Tap image to zoom
In a sign of a rapidly digitising economy, internet access and internet advertising grew at the fastest pace in 2013, growing at 47% and 26%, respectively. Internet advertising, which was estimated to be about Rs30 billion in 2013, constituted 8% of the overall advertising revenues in the industry.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The revenue growth for the digital medium will come primarily from advertising rather than consumers paying for content, PwC says.”Monetising content is a challenge. Customers’ perception is that the content is free. Unless users can get access to content quicker online, they won’t be willing to pay,” Jha said. In the US, 25% of advertising revenues went towards internet advertising in 2013. In China, this number stood at 40%.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Overall the internet advertising market in India is expected to generate revenues worth $1.8 billion in 2018. One of the biggest challenges to the growth of internet advertising, the report found, is a lack of content in local languages.
What could upset PwC’s calculations is a combination of low-cost smartphones, cheap data connections and a proliferation of local content online. If that digital tango takes off perfectly in India, the growth of internet and the value of advertising in the medium could grow more rapidly than what linear models can predict.

Corporate : Syndicate Bank opens mid-corporate branch in MangaloreCorporate : Syndicate Bank opens mid-corporate branch in Mangalore
Record US whistleblower payout a warning for big biz abroadRecord US whistleblower payout a warning for big biz abroad
Sensex slips 75 points as realty stocks declineSensex slips 75 points as realty stocks decline
Pharma sector to gain from NPPA s withdrawal order: CentrumPharma sector to gain from NPPA s withdrawal order: Centrum
Maharashtra Assembly elections: Congress  Nationalist Congress Party seat-sharing talks stallMaharashtra Assembly elections: Congress  Nationalist Congress Party seat-sharing talks stall
Telangana Govt to give Rs 51 000 under  Shadi MubarakTelangana Govt to give Rs 51,000 under 'Shadi Mubarak'
K V Kurmanath
Hyderabad, Sept 23:  
The Telangana Government has named the scheme to support Muslim brides as Shadi Mubarak.
Under the scheme, the Government will give a financial assistance of Rs 51,000 to the brides at the time of their wedding.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Sharda Cropchem shares jump nearly 67% on debutSharda Cropchem shares jump nearly 67% on debut
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
Stock of Sharda Cropchem surged nearly 67 per cent in its debut trade as against the issue price of Rs 156 per share.
The company’s scrip debuted at Rs 254.10, reflecting a gain of 62.88 per cent, as compared to the issue price on the BSE.
On the NSE, the stock listed at Rs 260, up 66.66 per cent, from the issue price of Rs 156.
In terms of volume, 63.66 lakh shares of the company changed hands on the BSE, while over one crore shares were traded on the NSE.
The crop protection chemical company had entered the capital market early this month with its IPO of 22,555,124 equity shares of face value of Rs 10 each. The company had fixed the price band at Rs 145—156.
The company’s Rs 352-crore initial public offer (IPO) had received overwhelming response from investors and was subscribed 60 times.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Aequs  Magellan Aerospace to expand jt venture facilityAequs, Magellan Aerospace to expand jt venture facility
Anil Urs
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 23:  
Aequs (formerly QuEST Global Manufacturing) and Magellan Aerospace, a global aerospace major, has announced plans to expand their joint venture plant in Aequs SEZ at Belgaum, Karnataka, as a measure to further strengthen their capabilities in the growing global aerospace market.
The API plant expansion is aimed at enhancing aerospace special processes. The expanded facility will mainly cater to processes such as Tartaric Sulphuric Acid (TSA) anodising and Cadmium plating for aerospace OEMs.
Aravind Melligeri, Chairman and CEO, Aequs, said, "We are delighted to expand and enhance our seven-year partnership with Magellan for special processing in aerospace through this new capability at API. This will also add to India's expertise in the aerospace manufacturing sector and help us grow the aerospace market in the country."
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

The invasion of corporate newsThe invasion of corporate news
By Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson
The lines between journalism and PR are rapidly becoming blurred as business interests bypass traditional media to get their message across
©Lucas Varela
A population of 100,000 is no longer a guarantee that a city like Richmond, California can sustain a thriving daily paper. Readers have drifted from the tactile pleasures of print to the digital gratification of their smartphone screens, and advertising revenues have drifted with them. Titles that once served up debates from City Hall, news of school teams’ triumphs and classified ads for outgrown bikes have stopped the presses for good.
Last January, however, a site called the Richmond Standard launched, promising “a community-driven daily news source dedicated to shining a light on the positive things that are going on in the community”, and giving everyone from athletes to entrepreneurs the recognition they deserve. Since then, it has recorded the “quick-thinking teen” commended by California’s governor for saving a woman from overdosing; the “incredible strength” of the 5ft 6in high-school freshman who can bench-press “a whopping 295lbs”; and councilman Tom Butt’s warning about the costs of vacating a blighted public housing project.
More
Why a house-price bubble means trouble
The Richmond Standard is one of the more polished sites to emerge in the age of hyper-local digital news brands such as Patch and DNAinfo.com. That may be because it is run and funded by Chevron, the $240bn oil group which owns the Richmond refinery that in August 2012 caught fire, spewing plumes of black smoke over the city and sending more than 15,000 residents to hospital for medical help.
Its editor, a former San Francisco Examiner reporter called Mike Aldax, works for a public relations firm called Singer Associates, which offers clients advice on “issues management”. At a time when Chevron is planning a billion-dollar upgrade that environmentalists oppose, pitching itself as a friendly voice in the community must look like an appealing way to manage such issues.
In February, for example, an article reassured readers: “The clouds that could be seen above Chevron Richmond refinery Wednesday morning were actually harmless steam clouds.” Another highlighted refinery workers’ volunteer work at an animal adoption centre. In early September, Aldax covered a protest against Kinder Morgan, a rival energy company, over its shipments of “the highly volatile Bakken crude from North Dakota”, reminding readers of the deadly July 2013 derailment of a train carrying Bakken oil in Quebec.
The Richmond Standard website, funded by Chevron
The site – which is upfront about wanting “to provide a voice for Chevron Richmond on civic issues” – includes a section called Chevron Speaks where the company has challenged “incorrect and misleading information” in rival local publications by spelling out its argument that its refinery upgrade will reduce pollution and create jobs. When the Richmond Standard questioned the mayor’s ties to a PR firm “suspected of hiring phony protesters to demonstrate outside the Chevron shareholders meeting”, however, the article was tagged as news, not spin. Those ties “raise new questions about how far she is willing to go to battle Chevron, Richmond’s largest taxpayer,” Aldax wrote.
Ken Doctor, a news industry analyst who has studied the “muddying of the waters” between news and marketing, says of Chevron’s Richmond site: “There are not a lot of things that amaze me but that takes chutzpah to do that.” Chevron’s effort to make news on its own terms is, however, far from unusual.
Richmond is not the first company town to have a company newspaper. In 1909, the Hershey Press launched in Hershey, Pennsylvania, featuring advertising from the chocolate maker and articles about its factory (“the finest manufacturing room in the United States”). But its first editorial declared that, in politics, “we shall boost the honest candidates for all that’s in us, and we shall then leave it up to you to do the deciding.”
Few of us live in company towns such as Hershey or Richmond but more of us than ever before are exposed to what its proponents call “brand journalism” – a new form of reporting that just happens to be produced by companies. Not much of it is produced with the aim of leaving it up to us to do the deciding.
Social media and digital publishing tools are allowing this strain of corporate news to reach vast audiences, with profound implications for the way businesses communicate with the public and for the media outlets they are learning to sidestep.
. . .
For 20 years, as a reporter and editor in London and New York, most of my time has been spent doing the things non-journalists assume journalists do all day: developing sources, chasing leads, delving into secret files and polishing paragraphs. But I have also devoted countless hours to dealing with PR people. This has involved furious phone calls to protest at my underplaying a client’s view of the world, surreptitious forwarding of material helpful to the case being pitched, and friendly invitations to bend my ear over lunch or drinks. (Only twice has a PR person attempted to play footsie with me under the lunch table – I made my excuses and left.) Then there are the emailed pitches, trying to persuade me to spend time and reporting resources on stories of questionable value to the FT’s readers.
For every working journalist in America there, are now 4.6 PR people, up from 3.2 a decade ago
My inbox is clogged with the “barking news” about New York’s first doggie-treat truck, the invitation to meet the inventor of the multimedia coat hanger, the press release on the “trail-blazing” motorway service station and the survey on “slowcial networking” (otherwise known as sending greetings cards). There is the gobbledegook about “new paradigms”, “providers of proactive solution management systems” and “taking consumers down the marketing funnel”, and there is endless “circling back” from over-friendly strangers (“Hey buddy!” began one recent email) wondering whether their pitch “could be a nice fit for “Financial Times, New York Bureau” – a target picked blindly from the directory.
With the president-felling image of Woodward and Bernstein still hanging over the profession, and a geekily hip narrative of data-driven analysis pointing to a new future, few journalists like to acknowledge the role PRs play in their stories. Many are well-informed, professional, clever, helpful and fun. Some are former colleagues. Some become friends. But for most journalists, it is an involvement we put up with warily. PRs are spinners of favourable stories, glossers-over of unfavourable facts and gatekeepers standing between us and the people we want to get to.
But as journalists bemoan such PR obstacles, they rarely admit an important fact: the PRs are winning. Employment in US newsrooms has fallen by a third since 2006, according to the American Society of News Editors, but PR is growing. Global PR revenues increased 11 per cent last year to almost $12.5bn, according to an industry study entitled The Holmes Report. For every working journalist in America, there are now 4.6 PR people, according to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics, up from 3.2 a decade ago. And those journalists earn on average 65 per cent of what their PR peers are paid.
©Courtesy of Hershey community archives
The Hershey Press, launched in 1909 by the Pennsylvania-based chocolate maker
As journalism schools pump out new generations of would-be Woodwards and Bernsteins, many of those not finding newsroom jobs have turned instead to the business of how to present the news in the most flattering light. They have been joined by laid-off reporters, editors, producers and presenters, with the skills to tell the stories brands want to be told about themselves. “[PR] agencies are now employing many more former journalists,” says Steve Barrett, editor of PR Week. “There are lots of refugees out there, really top-quality journalists who have gone into PR in a very specific way.”
Their efforts seem to be working. Cardiff University researchers estimated in 2006 that 41 per cent of UK press articles were driven by PR, a phenomenon known as “churnalism”. But PRs are now playing the news industry at its own game. They are discovering how to work around journalists, getting their own slickly produced stories, videos and graphics straight to their target audiences – often with the help of the very news organisations they are subverting.
. . .
In the days before Satya Nadella was named Microsoft’s CEO in February, leaks to selected tech bloggers changed the discussion around the succession from disappointment at the prospect of an in-house replacement to a sense that it was only natural for Microsoft to elevate a veteran who had been at Bill Gates’ side for 22 years. When the announcement came, it sweetly told us that this was as long as he had been with his wife.
But with the traditional press release came an “asset pack” that Microsoft PRs shot out to century-old newsrooms and influential one-man blogs alike. It contained high-definition images of the new CEO looking relaxed but in charge, wearing a hoodie or purposefully clenching one fist as he addressed staff. And it included a biography describing him as a poetry-loving cricketer who “brings a relentless drive for innovation” to the job – good fodder for the “10 Things You Didn’t Know About Satya Nadella” listicles that followed.
Then came the videos: testimonials from Gates and outgoing CEO Steve Ballmer about what an ideal successor he was, and an unchallenging interview by an in-house blogger, conducted as they strolled casually around a people-free section of Microsoft’s headquarters. “How did you feel when you were offered the role?” asked the smiling employee. “Honoured, humbled, excited,” the newly minted boss replied. Nadella’s first interview as CEO ended with the blogger posing the softball question: “Why do you feel Microsoft is going to be successful?”
©YouTube
February 4 2014: new Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella gives his first interview – to an in-house blogger
It was a masterclass in PR spoonfeeding and news organisations simply had to drag and drop. With no press conference or one-on-one interview in which to ask tougher questions about the challenges Microsoft faced, and no chance to send news photographers or videographers of their own, that’s what they did. The FT was among those that embedded one of Microsoft’s videos in its reporting that week (noting that it had been produced by the company), linked to and analysed Nadella’s blog and used the company-issued photographs.
The “asset pack” contained no mention of the thousands of planned job cuts that followed a few months later.
Burberry introduced its new CEO, Christopher Bailey , with a similarly glossy video calling him “one of this generation’s greatest visionaries”. (He, like Nadella, was “incredibly humbled” by his elevation.) And when Bill Ford announced the CEO succession at the eponymous car company from Alan Mulally to Mark Fields in May, Ford offered the media three videos of the event with Pyongyang-worthy headlines such as “Mark Fields discusses the power of One Ford and great products”.
The pressures on news outlets to become multimedia, interactive, 24-hour engagement machines mean editors have become increasingly receptive to what PRs are pitching. A hungry media swallows it up. And with institutions more wary than ever of unpredictable journalists, executives are now more inclined to share their thoughts in smoothly styled social media postings than by inviting in a reporter.
Sir Richard Branson, for example, says he used to talk first to newspapers to get messages out about his business or his philanthropy. But now Virgin’s one-man brand has more than 1.5 million Facebook likes, 4.4 million Twitter followers and an unrivalled 6.3 million people following him on LinkedIn. “Now we’ve got a way of reaching people who read what we say and we don’t have to rely on the Daily Mail,” he observes.
CEOs are finding that their unfiltered social media content is often picked up by the traditional media it has circumvented, PR Week’s Barrett notes. So when General Motors’ new leader, Mary Barra, was going before Congress to explain how the carmaker had ignored warnings about the role of a faulty ignition switch in fatal car crashes, she recorded an emotive YouTube video explaining how “as a member of the GM family and as a mom with a family of my own, this really hits home for me”. The New York Times was among those that embedded her sombre-toned performance in its online story.
There are lots of refugees out there, really top-quality journalists who have gone into PR
- Steve Barrett, editor of PR Week
Few have succeeded in making the news as well as Apple. This month, as it unveiled the iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch in Cupertino, California, thousands of journalists live-blogged every detail of the carefully scripted event. But the company also ran its own live blog, a feed of perfectly lit images of the devices, shareable quotes from executives, retweeted endorsements from celebrities including Diddy and Katy Perry and a gushing running commentary (“So far, so amazing”). The front rows of the hall were reserved for Apple employees and guests, who provided periodic ovations for the media cameras behind them.
It is an uncomfortable fact for journalists that a business famous for its controlling approach to the media and its ambition to dictate its own story has become one of the world’s most successful – and usually gets glowing coverage. Apple is not alone: from the White House to Wall Street, journalists protest that they are getting less meaningful access to those in power than ever.
. . .
“People these days don’t care as much about where the story comes from as long as it tells them something,” says Tomas Kellner, a Columbia Journalism School-trained former Forbes journalist who now edits GE Reports.
General Electric’s online news site has evolved from a list of press releases to a virtual magazine using animated gifs, professional photography, videos and infographics (“all the different points of entry we used at Forbes”, Kellner notes) which features tales of innovation, science and technology from around the giant industrial group. Many are engaging and informative, and some – such as a feature on a Japanese indoor lettuce farm powered by 17,500 GE LED lights – get as many as 500,000 readers.
Kellner, who does most of the reporting, sees himself as following in the footsteps of Kurt Vonnegut, the Slaughterhouse-Five author who joined GE as a publicist in the 1940s. Vonnegut was one of its “early content gatherers”, roving around GE’s operations to find ideas for stories which he would then pitch to reporters, Kellner says.
People these days don’t care as much about where the story comes from as long as it tells them something
- Tomas Kellner, GE Reports
“There have been corporate newsrooms for ever but they were putting out press releases to try and get you guys to cover it,” notes Richard Edelman, whose family firm is the world’s largest PR agency. “Now it’s self-publishing. That’s the big difference.” Every company is now realising that it can be a media company, he says.
Companies’ self-published content often makes it into blogs, newspapers and news bulletins even without much pitching. “We get picked up by tech blogs like Gizmodo and Engadget quite regularly,” Kellner notes: “They sort of validate what we are doing.” For GE’s global head of digital programming, however, such tech blogs are also competition. “Our content has to be as good as theirs, if not better,” Katrina Craigwell told eMarketer in June.
In some areas, marketers are looking to fill gaps left by a retreating press. GE Reports has launched local versions from Indonesia to Europe, says Kellner, because “in an era when newspapers are closing foreign bureaux and cutting their foreign coverage, we’re moving the other way and trying by virtue of being a global company to tell the global story.” Indeed, Simon Sproule, a former communications director for Renault-Nissan who is now chief spokesman for carmaker Tesla, told PR Week that Nissan opened a media centre in Yokohama in part because so many international news organisations had closed their Japanese bureaux that “we felt our stories weren’t being told.” Its state of the art newsroom would put many television studios to shame, Barrett says.
GE and Nissan are not isolated examples. Sites such as Wells Fargo Stories, Target’s A Bullseye View, iQ by Intel and Shell’s “secret circuits” drivers’ guides to different cities are all well-produced examples of the growing genre. Much of the content looks as though it could have come from a magazine. On the Coca-Cola Journey site, such tweetable articles as “5 interview tips for millennials” sit alongside an on-brand feature from the doyenne of domesticity Martha Stewart on the Coke Float (a glass of cola topped off with vanilla ice cream). Indeed, much of it is produced by former journalists, says Ashley Brown, who built Coca-Cola’s content marketing programme before joining Spredfast, a self-described social marketing company. Brands need storytellers, and journalists represent the greatest pool of storytelling talent out there, he says. At Coca-Cola, “we wanted people who know how to package up a story with tension and emotion, and more importantly know how to do it quickly and efficiently.”
The Coca-Cola Journey website, blending general-interest and on-brand features
If they can produce content that is sufficiently emotionally engaging and useful, he notes, fans will share it on social media. “We advise customers that the world needs more great content,” Brown says. But broadcasters and magazines no longer have a lock on distributing compelling stories: individual consumers are just as likely to do the job for brands.
The strategy behind content marketing is similar to Michelin’s thinking when it produced its first guide for drivers in 1900 or machinery maker John Deere’s 1895 magazine for farmers, The Furrow, but the scale is dramatically different. Coke’s digital-era take on “brand journalism” or “content marketing” got more than 13 million visitors last year.
Some such content is less transparent about its origin and reads more like a lobbying campaign. A slick site called Advanced Energy for Life warns of the threat of “energy poverty”, applauds Australia for repealing its carbon tax and talks up coal’s importance in meeting the world’s energy needs in multimedia items including a video of America’s Got Talent star Jimmy Rose singing “Coal Keeps The Lights On”. Only in the small print is it mentioned that the site is sponsored by Peabody Coal, the world’s largest private-sector coal company.
. . .
Marketers talk about “paid media” (advertising they have to buy), “earned media” (from press coverage to word-of-mouth buzz) and a growing category called “owned media” (their websites, blogs and social media feeds). The attraction of “owned media”, by definition, is that brands neither have to pay a media outlet for it nor earn it by convincing a reporter that the story is worth covering. That is a problem for the news industry’s ad sales teams and newsrooms alike.
The pressures on news business models have forced the industry to innovate, and in newer newsrooms such as Buzzfeed, Mashable, Quartz and Vice, “native advertising” has become a favourite buzzword. There is little consensus about the definition but it typically means paid ads that look much like the articles and videos they sit alongside.
The Advanced Energy for Life website, sponsored by Peabody Coal
This digital spin on traditional advertorials has been dubbed “one of the great euphemisms of our time” by ESPN president John Skipper and “repurposed bovine waste” by comedian John Oliver, yet native advertising has won over some of the most established brands in news, with The New York Times and Time among those embracing the trend.
As well as featuring advertisers’ “paid posts” on its homepage, The New York Times is placing its own native ads: on Mashable, you can find “11 Inspiring Videos That Will Restore Your Faith in Humanity” under the label “presented by The New York Times”. It has been shared more than 3,000 times.
Some publishers have gone further, enthusiastically lending their editorial expertise to help brands improve their content. The Wall Street Journal’s newsroom is not involved in sponsored content but its commercial team tells advertisers it can “deploy sophisticated storytelling techniques in order to help brands create content-driven connections with audiences”. For some reporters and editors, this is tantamount to media being complicit in its own displacement. Yet few readers have protested.
For PR Week’s Barrett, this point is at the heart of the debate over whether “brand journalism” counts as journalism. “Is it news? At the end of the day, the consumer decides,” he says.
The news industry has not done a good job of saying what makes journalism different
- Ken Doctor, news analyst
As the lines blur between news and advertising, however, analysts such as Ken Doctor fear that not all consumers will be able to distinguish a news organisation’s story about BP from BP’s own stories about itself. “The Facebook stream and the Twitter feed have brought the numbing sameness to all content on the internet,” he says. With some critics already doubtful that journalists are capable of reporting news impartially, Doctor argues: “The news industry has not done a good job of saying what makes journalism different.”
For Edelman, head of the world’s largest PR firm, brands’ desire to place their content alongside journalists’ output is a sign that they understand that the public trusts the media’s stories more than those told by business. Edelman’s annual Trust Barometer survey found this year that 61 per cent of those polled across 25 countries trust traditional media, compared with 43 per cent who trust “owned media”.
Spredfast’s Brown believes the two industries can co-exist. “There’s always going to be a need for journalists who cover the world in an objective way,” he says. Besides, he notes, the surest way for branded content to get social media buzz is for it to be covered and shared by traditional news outlets.
As trust in business has fallen, the appeal of telling stories that humanise companies has grown. The history of advertorials shows that brands have long wanted their advertisements to look like news, but as the subjects of news increasingly want to decide what counts as news, and as they get ever more skilled at doing so, they are posing a challenge to journalism’s traditional storytellers.
Appropriately, the challenge may have been summed up best by the words of their new digital competitor at GE: “Our content has to be as good as theirs, if not better.”
Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson is the FT’s US news editor
Photographs: Courtesy of Hershey community archives; YouTube
Illustration by Lucas Varela

Android One: What is Google s big gamePrint
There is also a huge business opportunity for Google in just expanding the number of Internet users globally, after all it is the largest digital advertising company in world.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 7:28 pm | Updated: September 21, 2014 11:02 am
India is now the world’s third largest Internet market and “on a bullet train to become the second”. But even when we become the second with around 300 million Internet users, India would still have over 75 per cent of the population that has no access to this so-called information superhighway. It is this chunk of population that will form the “next billion” which companies like Nokia, and now Google, has been talking about. And it is this next billion that Google thinks will line up to buy and good smartphone that is also affordable.
With its Android One programme, Google hopes to be able to give users the best hardware-software combo at a very reasonable price of $100 to start with. At the moment it has done this with three devices from Indian smartphone makers, all with the same specifications and all priced around Rs 6,400. Soon, it will try and hit this sweet spot across various price points above and below $100, offering the best experience at that range. It will also have more partners on board as it spreads the Android One experiment to other countries in Asia and then the rest of the world.
Micromax Canvas A1
But things are not that easy. The market has changed since Sundar Pichai, Google senior vice president for Android, Chrome and Apps,  announced Android One earlier this year. Now you have Firefox’s ultra-low cost smartphones priced at just around $35, or Rs 2,000 in India. There are a bunch of Android, or Android-based phones, with price tags similar to Android One, but sporting slightly better specifications. The market is really crowded at the bottom and Google’s struggle will be to make people understand the value proposition it is offering.
Karbonn Sparkle V
That would be access to the pure Android experience, now available only on Nexus devices that are priced much higher. This also means first access to new Android updates and a much more controlled environment than the bloatware-filled ecosystem that it is now. Plus, there is the added advantage of free data offerings that would come bundled with the phone in a bid to get new users hooked to the potential of smartphones and having Internet literally at their fingertips. To break the language barrier, the second largest obstacle to smartphone adoption after price, there are also features like Google Translate which now has Hindi-English-Hindi packs and voice search which now recognises the national language. Add to this Google’s promise to make YouTube available offline on these phones in the coming months and users might just see good value in opting for one of continued…

Now  use gestures to control your smartphoneE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apple iPhone 6 scores big in durability against leading Android phoneE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Private equity  not the mobile  killed Phones 4UPrivate equity, not the mobile, killed Phones 4U
By Jonathan Ford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8bfd2340-4169-11e4-a7b3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Climate activists take on  Wall StreetClimate activists take on 'Wall Street,' but can't reach NY Stock Exchange
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney September 22, 2014: 4:37 PM ET
 
Thousands rally for climate change action
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Hundreds of environmentalists marched in New York's financial district on Monday to protest the relationship between global warming and Big Business.
The protesters blocked traffic as they staged a sit-in and shouted slogans on climate change. But they couldn't march on the actual Wall Street after running into barricades and had to abandon plans to "shut down" the New York Stock Exchange.
At the event, dubbed #FloodWallStreet , the marchers surrounded the iconic bull statue in lower Manhattan and chanted slogans demanding "climate justice" and carried signs saying "Corporate capitalism = climate chaos."
Their beef: the fossil fuels industry and other companies are profiting at the expense of the environment. The activists said they were willing to be arrested to drive home the link between global capitalism and worsening climate change. However, there weren't reports of any arrests by early afternoon.
Related: Scenes from #FloodWallStreet: "Corporate capitalism = Climate chaos"
"The climate crisis is fundamentally an issue of the economy," one activist told CNN. "Flood Wall Street is an attempt to bring the problem to the doorstep of the people who are fundamentally responsible for the crisis we find ourselves in now."
Organizers estimated that 2,500 people took part in the demonstration. They planned to remain in place until forced to leave.
Protesters unfurled a 300-foot banner that read "Flood Wall Street," and inflated two 15-foot "carbon bubbles." The atmosphere was boisterous, with protesters wearing costumes and dancing to the beat of a marching band.
The New York Police Department was out in full force, with some cops on horses.
Monday's demonstration comes one day after tens of thousands of people took part in the People's Climate March in New York City, which organizers said was the largest demonstration of its kind ever.
Related: Hey Occupy Wall Street, abolish my debt too!
In addition to environmentalists, the marchers on Sunday included labor activists and clergy, as well as celebrities and politicians.
U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon walked with former U.S. Vice President Al Gore along the two-and-a-half mile route. Celebrity protesters included comedian Chris Rock, as well as actors Leonard DiCaprio and Mark Ruffalo.
Rallies were also held in London, Paris, Berlin, Tokyo and Bogota, Colombia.
Protesters are calling on world leaders to take more aggressive action to curb the emissions of greenhouse gasses.
Global leaders will gather Tuesday in New York for a United Nations summit on climate change. The UN is not expected to take any major steps, but officials are hoping to create momentum for a bigger commitment next year.
-- CNN's Alison Kosik contributed to this report.
First Published: September 22, 2014: 10:19 AM ET
Most Popular

Big Ferrari recall for entrapment dangerFerrari recalls 3000 cars for entrapment danger
By Peter Valdes-Dapena   @peterdrives September 22, 2014: 7:22 PM ET
Ferrari is recalling over 3,000 Ferrari 458 sports cars because people could be trapped in the front trunk.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Ferrari is recalling 3,082 of its exotic 458 sports cars in the United States because a defect with an interior latch means there's a danger that someone could become trapped in the trunk.
Since the engine is mounted behind the seats, the "trunk" in these cars is in the front.
According to U.S. safety regulations, there must be a way to open the trunk of a car from the inside. This helps prevent children -- or anyone -- from getting trapped inside. Usually this is done with a handle that can be pulled inside the trunk.
Car hoods, unlike normal trunks, have two latches. There's the one that users typically release from inside the cabin and a second that is released from outside while standing in front of the car. The dual latch system is a safety feature intended to keep the trunk from flying open if it hasn't been closed fully. It's the same with the Ferrari's front trunk lid.
Gallery: Ferrari 458 Speciale - Raw speed
But, in these cars, the inside-the-trunk handle only releases the first latch. This allows the lid to be opened just slightly, far enough to prevent suffocation and allow someone to call for help, according to Ferrari.
The second latch -- the one that, when released, allows the lid to be raised fully -- can't be unlatched from inside.
Regulations require that someone be able to exit the trunk on their own.
Ferrari will notify owners of the cars involved in the recall. Ferrari dealers will then modify the parts involved so that the latch will work to open the front trunk all the way.
 
Rent a Ferrari: $100 per lap
The models involved in the recall are the Ferrari 458 Italia and 458 Spider. The 458 Speciale, a track-oriented high-performance version of the car, is not part of this recall. Prices for the 458 Italia start at about $230,000 and, for the Spider, at about $250,000. Both the 458 Spider and Italia are powered by 570 horsepower V8 engines.
Ferrari recently announced that it is increasing car production to better serve the needs of its ultra-wealthy customers.
First Published: September 22, 2014: 5:36 PM ET
Most Popular

US rules out  trading aspects  with Iran to fight ISPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 23, 2014 9:06 am
Asserting that it is in Iran’s interest to act against the Islamic State, US has said it will not be “trading aspects” of Tehran’s controversial nuclear programme to secure commitments to fight the terror group.
“It is not in the interest of the Iranian regime for this extremist organisation to be wreaking havoc on its doorstep,” White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said.
“So, like the international community, the Iranians are understandably concerned about the gains that ISIL has made in Iraq, and they have indicated that they are ready to fight ISIL,” Earnest told reporters.
Earnest, however, ruled out any military or intelligence coordination with Iran on fighting Islamic State, or the ISIL.
“…the United States will not coordinate any of our military activities with the Iranians. The United States will not be involved in sharing intelligence with the Iranians.”
He said the effort by world powers to persuade Iran to end its nuclear programme is “entirely separate” from President Barack Obama’s attempts to build a coalition against the IS.
“The United States will not be in a position of trading aspects of Iran’s nuclear programme to secure commitments to take on ISIL,” Earnest said.
“These two issues are entirely separate. And the focus of the P5-plus-1 talks will remain on resolving the international community’s concerns about the Iranian nuclear program,” he said.
Over the weekend, Secretary of State John Kerry was in New York to engage in conversations in the context of the P5-plus-1 talks about resolving the international community’s concerns about Iran’s nuclear programme.
On the sidelines of those broader conversations, he did have a conversation with his Iranian counterpart to discuss IS, Earnest said.
Later this week, Obama would chair a meeting of the UN Security Council on the threat posed by foreign terrorist fighters, Earnest said.
“We have seen that there are several dozen countries from around the globe — not just the US and not just in the West, but from around the globe – where individuals have travelled to the region, taken up arms alongside ISIL fighters.
“The concern, again, that the US has, that our allies in Western Europe have and that our partners around the globe have is that these individuals could decide to return to their home country and possibly carry out acts of violence,” he said.
Earnest said at the UN Security Council meeting Obama hopes to accomplish a discussion about the kinds of global standards that can be put in place to mitigate the threat from these individuals.

Yahoo said to have acquired Bangalore startup  sparking excitement all aroundThis story has been updated to include Yahoo’s official response to our email. 
Yahoo has followed Facebook and Google in acquiring startups based out of India.
The deal is sparking excitement that global tech majors will look at Indian companies more closely as acquisition targets.
Yahoo has acquired Bangalore startup Bookpad. While Yahoo has not revealed the money involved in the deal,  multiple newspaper reports  have pegged it at Rs50 crore. This is 20-year-old Yahoo’s first acquisition in India.
This follows Facebook’s January acquisition of Bangalore-based Little Eye Labs  and Google’s acquisition of Imperium , which has strong India links.
Bookpad was founded in 2013 by three Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) graduates; all three founders are in their early to mid twenties. Their flagship product, Docspad, is aimed at developers looking to integrate document viewing, annotations and editing features within their own applications.
“With Docspad, we’re helping to build a web where no one needs to download any document,” wrote Aditya Bandi, CEO and co-founder on his blog . “All of your documents like Word, Powerpoint, Excel, PDF… and all common image formats are supported by Docspad.”
It is not a consumer application. It is targetted at designers or app developers who might want to integrate document features into their apps.
“Applications like applicant-tracking systems, file-sharing apps, conferencing solutions, learning management solutions, et al.—used by millions of users worldwide—are unable to provide the the same features and user experience as Google docs does. We exist to help,” explained Bandi.
Yahoo could potentially integrate this technology in many of its services, such as the desktop and mobile version of Yahoo Mail. Right now, Yahoo does not have a service that rivals Google Docs.
“We have acquired Bookpad, the company behind the Docspad product. The team will join our communications organization in Bangalore, where they will work on strengthening the Yahoo Mail experience,” said a Yahoo spokesperson.
Bandi did not respond to an email from Quartz seeking comment. But his LinkedIn profile now says that he works as a product manager at Yahoo. The other two founders are also listed as Yahoo employees on LinkedIn.
According to the Economic Times , Yahoo wasn’t the only company eyeing Docspad. Dropbox and Autodesk had also expressed interest in the bangalore-based startup. Last year, the team was backed by industry body National Association of Software and Services Companies (Nasscom). This summer, it graduated from Microsoft’s Accelerator program from early-stage startups.
Such programs are helping small homegrown companies catch the eye of tech titans. When Google’s high-profile head of Android program, Sundar Pichai, was in New Delhi last week for the launch of Android One, he met eight startups at a private roundtable, reports business standard . Nasscom is similarly showcasing a few companies to Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella when he visits New Delhi next week.
“Getting acquired by Yahoo puts Bangalore on the global startup map,” said Karnataka state’s secretary for information technology and biotechnology, Srivatsa Krishna. And, now that Yahoo has raked in a jackpot from the Alibaba IPO , many other Indian startups are hoping to catch Marissa Mayer’s eye as well.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

http://usat.ly/1x4EV9FFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Groupon's diversity report: U.S. staff is 71% white
Groupon may be based in one of the nation's most diverse cities but its work force is not.
Post to Facebook
Groupon's diversity report: U.S. staff is 71% white Groupon may be based in one of the nation's most diverse cities but its work force is not. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1saSinJ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
19
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Groupon's diversity report: U.S. staff is 71% white
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 4 p.m. EDT September 19, 2014
Employees at Groupon pose in silhouette by the company logo in the lobby of the online coupon company's Chicago offices.
(Photo: Charles Rex Arbogast, AP)
88 CONNECT 80 TWEET 22 LINKEDIN 19 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Groupon is headquartered in Chicago where a third of the population is black and nearly a third is Hispanic.
But the city's Internet powerhouse does not reflect that rich diversity.
The overwhelming majority of Groupon's 12,000 employees in the U.S. are white — 71% — while 4% are black and 5% are Hispanic.
Voices: Silicon Valley has a diversity deficit
The numbers are even more anemic when it comes to leadership in the company: 88% of leaders around the world are white and 76% of leaders in the U.S. are white. In the U.S., blacks and Hispanics each account for 1% of Groupon leaders.
Women fare better at Groupon. Around the world, 53% of the company's workforce is male. But women make up a fraction of leadership at the company and account for 18% of tech workers.
In a blog post disclosing the diversity of its workforce for the first time, Groupon claimed to have an "inclusive culture."
But Nadia Rawlinson, Groupon's vice president of human resources, conceded, "we recognize that there is more we can do."

Xiaomis new revenue stream is selling stuffed animalsAdam Pasick @adampasick
September 23, 2014
Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has proven itself to be a whiz at creating consumer demand, and that includes stuffed animals that Mao Zedong might love: Co-founder Li Wanqiang expects to sell some 2 million of its bunny mascots this year.
Big reveal by #Xiaomi cofounder Li Wanqiang: expects to sell 2M stuffed bunnies (its mascot) this year :) pic.twitter.com/84Q562KejA
— Amir Efrati (@amir) September 23, 2014
Li, speaking at an event at Facebook’s Silicon Valley headquarters last night, told participants he was proud of the stuffed animal sales because they prove that customers are loyal to the Xiaomi brand . Earlier this year, the company sold 100,000 bunny mascots  in a few hours at a festival for fans of its phones, and Xiaomi is using the merchandise as a way to expand in new markets like Malaysia.
The mascot sports a “ushanka” ear-flap hat commonly worn by Communist rebels, which bears the five-pointed red star that (as Yum Brands discovered last week) is known across the world as a Communist symbol. The company has occasionally shown versions of the bunny without the red star, as Tech In Asia reported last year , but there are no signs that it’s ditching it all together.
In case u r wondering, this is the #Xiaomi stuffed bunny that's selling 2M this yr. Indeed adorable. And communist? pic.twitter.com/b7oBAEB1GK
— Amir Efrati (@amir) September 23, 2014
So how much revenue is Xiaomi booking from stuffed animal sales? It’s a drop in the ocean compared to the company’s total sales of $5.3 billion in the first half of this year, but it’s nothing to sneeze at: The bunnies sell for approximately $16 each, suggesting sales of at least $32 million this year, and there are also special editions and giant versions that go for up to $60.
Share this:

NPPA stripped of powers to fix non-essential...Chemicals and Fertilizers
(Department of Pharmaceuticals,…)
NEW DELHI: The National Pharma Pricing Authority—India's drug pricing regulator, has withdrawn on Monday a set of internal guidelines it issued in May, based on which it had invoked the public interest clause to set price caps of over 100 drugs outside of a government drawn essential medicine list.
This the drug pricing regulator did so on a direction of department of pharmaceuticals which came on Friday. However, this move doesn't in itself reverse the NPPA's decision to set price caps of diabetes, anti-infectives and drugs of other therapeutic categories, all of which had come in a series of notifications. It means the even with this move, the new price caps already set by drug price regulator for over hundred drugs remain unaltered.
In July, the NPPA shook up the pharma industry by invoking a clause in the drug pricing order to cite extraordinary circumstances for many drugs, which lie outside the scope of National List of Essential Medicines and fixed their price caps in 'public interest'. The NLEM includes 652 formulations as essential.
The drug pricing regulator invoked a special provision under the drug price control that gives it the right to fix the prices of any drug "in extraordinary circumstances, if it considers necessary to do so in public interest". It cited huge inter-brand price differences in these drug categories as 'extraordinary'in a set of special internal guidelines it issued in May. The drug companies --both domestic and MNCs -- are up in arms against the pricing regulator's move.
Industry bodies representing drugmakers have challenged the decision in the high courts of Delhi and Bombay. Before moving the court, the Indian drugmakers sought the intervention of Ananth Kumar, Union minister of chemicals and fertilizers , claiming that inter-brand differences cannot qualify as 'extraordinary' by any stretch.
"The inter-brand differences have always existed and were in existence when the NLEM was drawn up. Also, the inter- brand differences would be found in every single formulation which is manufactured by more than one formulator," the Indian Pharma Alliance's (a grouping of domestic drugmakers) letter to the minister said, fearing that by that logic every drug which has more than one player will come under price control, negating the purpose of NLEM 2011, and national pharma pricing policy, 2012.
An NPPA official countered the argument by saying, "If a wrong or discrepancy has existed for years and has not been noticed or acted upon, that doesn't become right just by virtue of existing for so many years."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ebola toll passes 2 800 but  contained  in Senegal  Nigeria -WHOE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Suzlon Energy hits four month lowSuzlon Energy hits four month low
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 12:14 PM IST
Suzlon Energy is locked in lower circuit for third consecutive day, down 10% at Rs 16.55 on National Stock Exchange, with pending sell orders for nearly 200 million shares on the counter. The stock is currently trading at its lowest level since May 20, 2014.
In past three trading sessions, shares of the country’s largest wind power company dipped 27% from Rs 22.60 on September 18, after fresh equity shares following the conversion of the company's foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) began to trade from Friday, September 19, 2014.
Suzlon Energy had issued 270 million equity shares at Rs 15.46 per share to FCCB holders under a restructuring arrangement.
FCCB is a type of convertible bond issued in a currency different than the issuer’s domestic currency.
At 1215 hours, a combined 5.77 million shares changed hands and there are pending sell orders for 200.41 million shares on BSE and NSE.
 

In BJP-Shiv Sena rift lies a possible opening for MNSE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

China factory data reassure marketsStocks weak as risk appetite crumbles
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bb99ed8-42ce-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt has no plans to increase food handouts: Food MinisterNo plans to raise allocation in food welfare programme, says Ram Vilas Paswan
Mayank Bhardwaj     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 14:39 IST
Photo: Reuters
The government has no plans to raise grain allocations under its food welfare programme, Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan told Reuters on Tuesday, after a newspaper had quoted him calling for an increase in such subsidised handouts.
"It is true that we have large stocks of rice and wheat but there is no proposal, no suggestion, to give 7 kg instead of 5," Paswan said. "There is no such plan."
In an earlier interview with The Economic Times, Paswan had said the government wanted to hike monthly handouts of food grains like rice by 40 per cent from the current five kilograms per person.
(Reuters)

Amnesty blasts Chinas torture toolindustryIn this undated photo released by Amnesty International, Chinese made weighted leg cuffs are displayed at the Chengdu Jin'an Equipment’s booth at an exhibition at an undisclosed location. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Beijing | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:37 pm
Chinese production and export of police equipment primarily used for torture, such as electric shock wands and neck-and-wrist cuffs connected by a chain, has grown dramatically, enabling human rights violations at home and abroad, Amnesty International said in a report Tuesday.
More than 130 Chinese companies, up from 28 about a decade ago, are now engaged in the development, production and export of law enforcement tools, most of which are legitimate, but many of which are inherently cruel and inhumane, the London-based human rights group said.
The 38-page report also cited as examples spiked batons and restraint chairs with a desk-like surface in front where arms can be shackled, often with ankle cuffs beneath that force detainees into painful contortions.
“There is no excuse whatsoever for allowing the manufacturing and trade in equipment for which the primary purpose is to torture or inflict cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment on people,” Patrick Wilcken, security trade and human rights researcher at Amnesty International, said in a statement.
China explicitly bans torture and mistreatment of inmates, and it strongly denies widespread allegations that torture is often used by Chinese police and Communist Party investigators. Earlier this year, Zhao Chunguang, a national official overseeing police detention facilities, said there had not been a single case of torture used to coerce a confession at any detention center throughout China for the past five years.
Amnesty says it has documented a wide range of physical torture in China, including the use of electric shock batons.
And on Monday, the Xinhua News agency reported that a court in northeastern China had convicted three police officers and four other non-police officers of torturing suspects and killing one person. One victim said he was restrained to an iron chair while being prodded with an electric shock baton, Xinhua said.
Amnesty urged China in the report to ban the production and export of several of the kinds of equipment it says are torture tools or inherently cruel, especially to countries with poor human rights records. It said the tools are being shipped to Cambodia, Nepal, Congo, Egypt, Ghana, Madagascar, Senegal and Uganda.
Faced with rising social tensions, China has been pumping more money to maintain social order. Its annual budget for domestic security skyrocketed over the past decade to 760 billion yuan ($125 billion), higher than its defense budget last year.
The Public Security Ministry did not respond to requests for comment.
The report, jointly compiled with U.K.-based Omega Research Foundation, which specializes in research on military, security and police equipment, said that Chinese-made rigid restraint chairs “have no legitimate law enforcement use” and that the U.N. Committee against Torture has recommended they be abolished.
Calls to one of the companies that makes electric-shock wands, Anhua Police Equipment Manufacturing Co., in continued…

Sensex slips over 300 pts | Modi s US visit may trigger bull runYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex slips over 450 points, Nifty below 8050; top 20 intraday bets
ET Now Sep 23, 2014, 03.08PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped over 450 points in intraday trade on Tuesday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets.
The fall in the index was led by losses in L&T, M&M, ITC and ICICI Bank .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial 8050 level.
At 3:21 pm, the Sensex was at 26,750.12; down 456.62 points.
The Nifty was at 8,012.10; down 134.20 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 216 and a stop loss of Rs 200
Tata Motors DVR is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 367
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3060 and a stop loss of Rs 2980
IGL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 450 and a stop loss of Rs 420
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Geometric Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 175 and a stop loss of Rs 157
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 322
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1775 and a stop loss of Rs 1699
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 335 and a stop loss of Rs 317
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 75.50 and a stop loss of Rs 68.50
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 334 and a stop loss of Rs 318
Hindalco Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 151 and a stop loss of Rs 163
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2850 and a stop loss of Rs 2710
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
CESC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 825 and a stop loss of Rs 775
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 354
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 606 and a stop loss of Rs 583
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
Dabur India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 219
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 145 and a stop loss of Rs 133.50
GAIL India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 467 and a stop loss of Rs 439
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Kolte Patil Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 198 and a stop loss of Rs 188
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 368 and a stop loss of Rs 356
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena may give in to BJP s demand | Sena leaders reach BJP officeAmit Shah
(Modi had been keen to keep…)
NEW DELHI: With Shiv Sena likely to blink first, the Sena-BJP alliance for Maharashtra assembly polls is set to go ahead, reported Times Now. According to Times Now, Shiva Sena has agreed to BJP's demand of 130 seats.
As per the new proposal of the Uddhav Thackeray-led party, it has agreed to give up to 130 seats to BJP, with 151 seats for Shiv Sena and 7 for smaller parties. Times Now also reported that senior BJP leader Sushma Swaraj had been roped in for negotiations with the Shiv Sena.
Both BJP President Amit Shah and Prime Minister Narendra Modi had been keen to keep the alliance with Shiv Sena intact. Amit Shah had on Monday called on Uddhav Thackeray , urging him not to break the 25-year old alliance.
From Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari to State BJP Chief Devendra Fadnavis , many are not in favour of an alliance with the Shiv Sena if the latter insists on more seats.
On September 15, Uddhav had said that the Sena would not contest anything less than 150 seats. While he did not say anything about BJP's share, he was leaving aside 130 seats. However, in a proposal given to the BJP a few days ago, the Sena had made its position tougher by insisting on 155 seats, while it agreed to give only 126 seats to the BJP, reducing the national ruling party's tally much lesser because it has to accommodate its allies from within these 126 seats.
In August, the BJP gave the Sena a proposal- allocate 20 seats from your quota to the allies and then hand over 16 seats to us' that would have meant the BJP contesting 135 seats. But after the by poll results the BJP softened its position. It then began asking Sena for 130 seats.
(With inputs from ET Bureau)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rs 3 600-cr VVIP chopper deal: ED makes 1st ...You are here: Home > Collections > Agustawestland
Enforcement Directorate makes first arrest in laundering probe in VVIP chopper deal
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 01.13PM IST
Tags:
Aeromatrix
(The agency, which is trying…)
NEW DELHI: Enforcement Directorate today carried out its first arrest in the money laundering probe in the Rs 3,600-crore AgustaWestland chopper deal, taking into custody Gautam Khaitan , an ex-board member of an accused company.
The agency, which is trying to track the alleged kickbacks of Rs 360 crore from the deal, arrested Khaitan, a businessman and advocate, after searches were conducted at two of his premises in the national capital yesterday.
"Khaitan has been arrested under the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA). He is required for further detailed interrogation in the case," ED sources said.
The agency, after searches, had seized jewellery worth Rs one crore and impounded some "important" financial documents from his premises.
This is the first big action by the ED in this case after it registered a criminal FIR in the deal in July this year against Khaitan, former IAF chief S P Tyagi and 19 others in the VVIP chopper deal to probe the alleged kickbacks of Rs 360 crore.
Khaitan was on the board of Chandigarh-based Aeromatrix which is allegedly a front company for the financial dealings of the chopper deal.
According to CBI and other agencies, they had detected that funds for the particular deal were allegedly routed through this firm and few others.
A reference to Khaitan was also reportedly made in the Italian prosecutor's report filed in a court in Italy .
Khiatan, however, has refuted all the allegations made against him.
He earlier been quizzed by the CBI in this case. The ED had registered a case in this deal under PMLA, taking cognisance of a more-than-a-year-old CBI FIR.
ED has booked Tyagi, his family members, European nationals Carlo Gerosa, Christian Michel and Guido Haschke , four companies-- Italy-based Finmeccanica, UK-based AgustaWestland and Chandigarh-based IDS Infotech and Aeromatrix, two companies based in Mauritius and Tunisia , few other firms and unknown persons in its criminal complaint.
A total of 21 entities have been named by ED in the case. The supply of 12 VVIP helicopters from AgustaWestland came under the scanner after Italian authorities alleged that bribe was paid by the company to clinch the deal.
The Italian prosecutor who carried out the preliminary inquiry alleged that the CEO of Finmeccanica, the parent company of UK-based AgustaWestland, had used the services of middlemen to bribe Indian officials.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NPPA guideline withdrawal: Sending the  right signals  or  course correction Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
NPPA guideline withdrawal: Sending the 'right signals' or 'course correction'?
P T Jyothi Datta
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
The drug price regulator’s move to withdraw the internal guidelines that it had issued in May has industry-watchers a trifle puzzled.
Was it done to send “the right signals” on the eve of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s trip to the United States, or is it “course correction” and fresh guidelines are in the offing?
Well, the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) is certainly not letting in on the precise reason for withdrawal, except to say that it was being done “in compliance” with directions from the Government.
What is further intriguing is the timing of the decision to withdraw the earlier guideline that was issued clearly in “public interest”, as the NPPA indicates by underlining its mention in the May directive.
The NPPA had reduced the prices on an additional set of 100-odd drugs, including diabetes and cardiac medicines, using these guidelines. And this had resulted in both local and multinational players in the industry approaching the courts.
Industry’s plaint was that it was difficult to plan for the local market, if Government in a sense, kept changing the goal-post. The Government’s tool to control medicine prices - the revised Drug Price Control Order - had been brought in after discussions with all stakeholders, they pointed out.
And while there continues to be unhappiness in some quarters against the DPCO 2013, the operative part is that it is the prevailing law and industry and civil society needed to adhere to it, an industry watcher explained.
By trying to smooth unruffled feathers, the Government may be trying to have a lesser number of contentious issues on its plate – as the PM heads out to the US. India already has to deal with the US’ criticism of its laws to protect intellectual property (data generated during research, for example).
The NPPA’s latest move also opens up interpretations that future decisions on curbing medicine prices will be undertaken only after consultation with the parent Chemicals and Fertilisers Ministry.
An NPPA official indicated that its earlier decision to curb the prices on additional 100 drugs is not revoked, despite today’s development. However, what is still unclear is how NPPA’s decision to withdraw its earlier guidelines will impact the ongoing court cases that industry had filed against the price reduction on diabetes and cardiac drugs.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Profit growth of Chinas state-owned enterprises slowsProfit growth of China’s state-owned enterprises slows
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Sept 23:  
The profit growth of China’s state-owned enterprises has slowed in the first eight months of this year amid slackening of momentum in the economy, according to data released by the Ministry of Finance.
The combined profits of China’s state-owned enterprises (SOEs) rose 8 per cent year on year to 1.64 trillion yuan (US $ 267.4 billion) during the January-August period, slowing from the 9.2 per cent rise for the first seven months.
The rise in operating costs continued to outpace revenue growth, dimming the outlook for future profit growth, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
Total business revenue for state firms increased 5.5 per cent from a year ago to 31.2 trillion yuan in the first eight months, while operating costs rose at a faster pace of 5.7 per cent to 30.08 trillion yuan.
Financing costs increased the most, up nearly 20 per cent from a year ago, signalling difficulties in raising money have gradually become a problem for industrial giants amid the economic downturn.
Zhang Xu, vice president of the northern branch of China Huaneng Group, said the financial burdens have become a majority of company operating costs after commercial loans were taken with high interest rates.
By the end of August, total assets of SOEs stood at 99.06 trillion yuan, while liabilities grew 12.3 per cent year on year to 64.69 trillion yuan.
Between January and August, steel and transport companies reported higher profits, but coal and chemical industries saw notable drops in profits.
The figures, which exclude financial firms, were collected from SOEs in 36 provincial-level regions and those administered by the central government.
China has thousands of SOEs, 113 of which are directly administered by the country’s central authorities.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

India has no plans to increase food handouts: PaswanWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

No plans to increase food handouts  says PaswanNo plans to increase food handouts, says Paswan
Reuters | New Delhi Sep 23, 2014 01:21 PM IST
The government has no plans to raise grain allocations under its food welfare programme, Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan told Reuters on Tuesday, after a newspaper had quoted him calling for an increase in such subsidised handouts.
"It is true that we have large stocks of rice and wheat but there is no proposal, no suggestion, to give 7 kg instead of 5," Paswan said. "There is no such plan."
In an earlier interview with the Economic Times, Paswan had said the government wanted to hike monthly handouts of food grains like rice by 40% from the current five kilogrammes per person.

ED arrests Gautam Khaitan in VVIP chopper scamChopper deal: Gautam Khaitan remanded in seven-day ED custody
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 23, 2014 08:05 PM IST
Businessman Gautam Khaitan, the first accused to be arrested in connection with Rs 3,600-crore AgustaWestland chopper deal case, was today remanded in seven- day Enforcement Directorate (ED) custody by a Delhi court after the agency said his custodial interrogation was needed.
Khaitan, who was on the board of Chandigarh-based company Aeromatrix which was allegedly a front firm for the financial dealings in the chopper deal, was produced before the court after ED arrested him today in connection with its money laundering probe.
Seeking 14 days custodial interrogation of Khaitan, who is also a lawyer, ED's prosecutor Naveen Kumar Matta told the court that the probe in the case was at a "crucial stage" and the accused was required to be confronted with the documents which the agency has received from the Ministry of Defence.
Matta told the court that searches were conducted by ED yesterday and some incriminating documents, mobiles and laptops were seized from the residence and official premises of the accused. ED needed to question him, he said.
The agency told Chief Metropolitan Magistrate (CMM) Sanjay Khanagwal that Khaitan's custody was also needed to find out the money trail.
"Investigation is of large magnitude having international ramification. He (Khaitan) was arrested today and his custodial interrogation was required," it said.
Opposing the plea of ED, senior advocate Siddharth Luthra and advocate Pramod Kumar Dubey, appearing for Khaitan, told the court that their client was arrested only on the basis of presumption.
"We are in 2014 now. For the last one-and-half-years, probe is being done in the case by CBI. CBI did not arrest me then what was the urgency of ED to arrest me. Is he (Khaitan) arrested on presumption only?" Luthra said.
Countering ED's arguments that "proceeds of crime" were to be determined by interrogating Khaitan, Luthra said, "Proceeds of crime come only when the agency can prove that the crime has been committed and the money involved has been its proceed."
Khaitan was arrested under provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) by ED which had lodged a case in July this year against Khaitan, former IAF chief S P Tyagi and 19 others in the VVIP chopper deal case to probe alleged kickbacks.

Lamborghini Huracan launched at Rs 3.43croreThe Huracan comes with 3 selectable driving modes for optimized suspension and engine response combination.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:19 pm
Lamborghini in India has introduced their latest sports-car, the Huracan LP610-4, at a price of Rs 3.43 crore (ex-showroom, New Delhi). Globally unveiled at the 2014 Geneva Motor Show in March this year, the Huracan is successor to the now discontinued Lamborghini Gallardo.
The Huracan will be the entry-level ticket for anyone who wants to get a taste of brand Lamborghini. In India, it will sit below the bigger and more expensive Lamborghini Aventador in the company’s product line-up. As is and has been the case with any Lamborghini, the Huracan with it’s sharp polygon edges, massive air intakes and an aggressive front fascia is designed with a typical Lamborghini flair. No matter what angle you view it from, it’s one spectacular and drool-worthy piece of automobile design.
A similar kind of treatment is seen inside the car, where you find a similar layout as that seen in the Aventador. The interior is heavily inspired by a stealth-jet’s cockpit and you get all the control knobs and buttons on the dashboard, and elsewhere inside the car, designed on similar theme.
Lamborghini, as a car manufacturer, is known for the sheer drama their cars provide. You may singlehandedly give credit to the aesthetics of their cars for that, but in actual, it’s the lethal combination of those outwardly looks and absolute firepower that makes a Lamborghini so desirable. To compliment to the Huracan’s stunning looks, Lamborghini has plonked a naturally aspirated 5.2 litre V10 petrol engine in the Huracan. This engine develops 610PS of peak power@8,250rpm and 560Nm of maximum torque@6,500rpm. Coupled with a seven-speed dual clutch automatic transmission, the power is routed to all of the four wheels on the Huracan. Performance? 0-100km/h comes is 3.2 seconds, while it can also hit a top speed of 325km/h.
The Huracan comes with 3 selectable driving modes for optimized suspension and engine response combination. Namely they are- Strada (road), Sport and Corsa (racetrack) mode. Owners can select their preferred settings depending on the driving conditions. The car also comes equipped with a nose-lift function that raises the suspension height to increase the ground clearance to up to 175mm from 135mm under normal conditions. A boon if you plan to take the car on Indian roads.
Deliveries of the Lamborghini Huracan will commence from next month onwards in India.

ED makes first arrest in money laundering probe in VVIP chopperdealPrint
(Suggestive image) This is the first big action by the ED in this case after it registered a criminal FIR in the deal in July this year against Gautam Khaitan. Reuters
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:13 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 2:15 pm
Enforcement Directorate today carried out its first arrest in the money laundering probe in the Rs 3,600-crore AgustaWestland chopper deal, taking into custody Gautam Khaitan, an ex-board member of an accused company.
The agency, which is trying to track the alleged kickbacks of Rs 360 crore from the deal, arrested Khaitan, a businessman and advocate, after searches were conducted at two of his premises in the national capital yesterday.
“Khaitan has been arrested under the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA). He is required for further detailed interrogation in the case,” ED sources said.
The agency, after searches, had seized jewellery worth Rs one crore and impounded some “important” financial documents from his premises.
This is the first big action by the ED in this case after it registered a criminal FIR in the deal in July this year against Khaitan, former IAF chief S P Tyagi and 19 others in the VVIP chopper deal to probe the alleged kickbacks of Rs 360 crore.
Khaitan was on the board of Chandigarh-based Aeromatrix which is allegedly a front company for the financial dealings of the chopper deal.
According to CBI and other agencies, they had detected that funds for the particular deal were allegedly routed through this firm and few others.
A reference to Khaitan was also reportedly made in the Italian prosecutor’s report filed in a court in Italy.
Khiatan, however, has refuted all the allegations made against him.
He earlier been quizzed by the CBI in this case. The ED had registered a case in this deal under PMLA, taking cognisance of a more-than-a-year-old CBI FIR.
 

Govt withdraws power of regulator to fix drugpricesThe Department of Pharmaceuticals, under India's Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers, directly controls the NPPA. Reuters
Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:07 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 2:08 pm
India has withdrawn the drug pricing authority’s powers that allowed it to fix the prices of medicines not deemed essential, after its decision to impose price caps on more than 100 drugs in July triggered industry protests.
The Department of Pharmaceuticals has withdrawn guidelines issued on May 29 that gave the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) the powers to fix the prices of drugs that are not on the essential medicines list, the latter said in a notice late on Monday.
The Department of Pharmaceuticals, under India’s Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers, directly controls the NPPA.
The NPPA had issued a notice in July imposing price caps on 108 non-essential drugs, which are used to treat diseases ranging from diabetes to HIV/AIDS. The move has been challenged by the industry lobby groups in courts.
India’s withdrawal of drug price cap guidelines to be on prospective basis
India’s decision to withdraw the drug pricing authority’s powers to fix the prices of non-essential medicines will be on a prospective basis, and will not affect price caps imposed in July on 108 drugs, a senior government official said on Tuesday.
The official in the drug pricing authority declined to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter.
The Department of Pharmaceuticals withdrew guidelines issued on May 29 that gave the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) the powers to fix the prices of drugs that are not on the essential medicines list, the latter said in a notice late on Monday.
“It’s a prospective withdrawal, not a retrospective withdrawal” the official told Reuters.
 

Limited Edition Maruti Suzuki WagonR KrestLaunchedThe Maruti Suzuki WagonR Krest gets a revised front end with a more upmarket grille and body coloured fog lamp housings.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:01 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 2:10 pm
The build up towards the upcoming festive season has kicked off quite strongly in the automobile market with car makers launching new models, face-lifted versions of their cars and the ever popular special  limited edition variants.
Maruti Suzuki latest festive offering comes in the form of the WagonR Krest that gets cosmetic tweaks as well as additional equipment to make it stand out of the standard WagonR range, ofcourse with a higher price tag.
The Maruti Suzuki WagonR Krest gets a revised front end with a more upmarket grille and body coloured fog lamp housings. The car also gets a graphic side decal running along the car.
Inside, the WagonR Krest is kitted with a Bluetooth compatible double-din stereo, reverse parking sensors with digital display, remote central locking along with a new steering wheel cover and seat covers, carpet floor mats and mud flaps. Maruti Suzuki states that while the complete accessory package fitted with the car is worth Rs. 32,500 in the market, the company is offering the WagonR Krest at an additional cost of Rs. 22,500.
“The Wagon R, one of India’s top selling models, is known for its attributes like smart space, features and high fuel efficiency. While the Wagon R customer is practical he still aspires for differentiation. In line with this expectation Wagon R Krest has been tastefully packed with features that are smart & technologically superior making it more attractive for the customer. We are confident features like reverse parking sensor with digital display, double din audio with Bluetooth will be cherished by technology savvy customers,” said, Manohar Bhat, Vice President, Maruti Suzuki.
Mechanically, the Maruti Suzuki WagonR Krest remains identical to the standard version and continues to be powered by the K10B 1.0 litre three cylinder naturally aspirated petrol engine developing 68PS of peak power @ 6,200 rpm and 90Nm of maximum torque at 3,500 rpm. The engine has an ARAI rated fuel efficiency figure of 20.51 km/l.
The Maruti Suzuki WagonR as of August 2014 is the fourth highest selling car in the country with 13,133 units sold during the month. With prices ranging between Rs. 3.52 lakh to Rs. 4.07 lakh (ex-showroom) for the standard WagonR range the car makes for an attractive proposition for those looking for an affordable, reliable and spacious hatchback.

Sensex drops over 300 points; top investment bets in a falling marketYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex cracks below 27000; top investment ideas from experts
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 04.26PM IST
Tags:
ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt
(The fall in the index was…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex posted its biggest single-day fall in two-and-a-half months on Tuesday tracking weak trend seen in other Asian markets.
Global stocks saw some bit of profit booking on disappointment over European manufacturing data and concerns about an unemployment measure in a survey in China.
The S&P BSE Sensex which bounced back in trade on Monday came under some intense selling pressure in trade on Tuesday. The index slipped as much as 462 points in trade to close below its crucial psychological level of 27000.
The 30-share BSE Sensex closed at 26775.69, down 431 points or 1.58 per cent. It touched a high of 27256.87 and a low of 26744.07 in early trade.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8100 and is now trading near key support levels of 8000.
The 50-share Nifty index ended at 8017, down 128 point or 1.58 per cent. It touched a high of 8159.75 and a low of 8008.10 in early trade.
Considering the fact that we are in the F&O expiry week some bit of consolidation or corrections was expected. The fall in the index was largely led by profit booking in Tata Motors, RIL, ICICI Bank , L&T, ONGC and HDFC.
But analysts see this consolidation more from a perspective of entering markets at lower levels as the bias still remains on the upside till the time Nifty trades above 7850 levels.
"The range of 8229 - 8253 is an important resistance to watch out for in coming days on the lower side 8050 followed by 8000 are immediate support levels whereas the range of 7920 to 7850 would remain a vital support on positional basis," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"Medium term trend reversal level has now moved higher to 7850," added the report.
Analysts are not ruling out the possibility of consolidation or some bit of correction before the market resume fresh up move towards 30,000 on the Sensex by end 2014.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014 helped by strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of over $33 billion into the country's securities market.
Although, analysts do not see a major trigger for corrections domestically but they say that if corrections happens it would be more because of global cues which will give investors the opportunity to enter markets at lower levels.
"If you look at the weight of India in the emerging markets portfolio, it is at its historic high levels. So any fluctuation in the global markets or disturbance over there could lead to some volatility in our markets," said Mahesh Patil, Co-CIO, Birla Sunlife MF.
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, BofA-ML hopes to see a correction of about 5-7 per cent in the market, which will provide a better opportunity to buy. I am quite bullish from a three-four year perspective and we think earnings and markets could double out over four years," said
"So, if you ask me, if there would be a better chance to buy, the answer probably is yes. Our view, from here till the end of October, is that we see the markets lower by around 5% to 7%," he added.
We have collated list of stock and sectors recommended by various analysts that are looking attractive at current levels:
Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services
Rural Electrification Corporation or popularly REC has borne the brunt of a lot of things, which are not happening to the power sector. This stock has corrected big time from the levels of 370-380 to around 255-260.
We feel that now pure value is emerging into the company at a price to adjusted book value of around 1-1.1 times at the current market valuations. This is one stock which also presents an excellent dividend yield as well as a proxy play to the power growth story.
We have been very aggressive on some stocks, the likes of Century Ply or Sundaram Fasteners. All these stocks are slated to re-rate themselves going forward. A stock like CanFin Homes, which is a Canara Bank home finance company, has hardly any NPAs and is growing at a rapid pace.
These all businesses would tend to re-rate themselves and there can be substantial 25-30% upside. If at all the market corrects and midcaps correct, these stocks would present a great opportunity.
Hemang Jani, Senior Vice President, Sharekhan
We think that agri as a theme will play out extremely well over the next two to three years. There will be a thrust on the improvement in the productivity and the overall penetration level, as far as the agro chemical is concerned. I
Therefore, from within the pack, we like Dhanuka Agri, which has an asset light business model, wherein they have tied up with a few MNC companies for certain molecules with a three to five-year of an exclusivity and very decent manufacturing and distribution base in India. Overall, we think growth will be about 25% to 30% and it can be a two to three bagger over the next 18 months or so.

Sensex Falls 300 points  Realty Stocks CrackYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply Amid Broad Decline
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 15:18 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty slumped over 1.5 per cent in late trade amid broad selling pressure. All the sectoral indices on the BSE were in the red with realty, banking, metal stocks particularly witnessing strong selling pressure.
At 3:08 p.m., the Sensex fell 430 points to 26,776 while Nifty slumped 125 points to 8,020.
Shrikant Chouhan, technical analyst at Kotak Securities, said he expects Nifty to remain in the 7980-8070 zone in the near term. The selloff could accelerate if Nifty falls below 7980, he adds.
The BSE realty index fell nearly 5 per cent to be the biggest loser among BSE sectoral indices. Unitech fell over 9 per cent while DLF slumped over 6 per cent to be the biggest loser among Nifty stocks.
The BSE midcap and smallcap indices fell nearly close to 2 per cent.
Buying by foreign investors slowed down in the past week with foreign institutional investors (FIIs) selling on average Rs 73 crore per day between September 16-19. In comparison, their average daily buying during September 9-15 stood at Rs 393 crore and during September 1-8 at Rs 990 crore.
Among major Nifty losers, Tata Motors, Cipla, Hindalco, and ONGC were down over 2 per cent.
Besides profit-taking, weak global markets also weighed on Indian markets. Most of the Asian markets ended in the red after a survey in China showed factory employment slumped to a 5-1/2-year low, offsetting benefits from the same survey showing China's factory sector beat expectations. Indian markets were also cautious ahead of the expiry of monthly derivatives contracts on Thursday.
European shares were lower in early trade. In its monthly survey, financial information company Markit said Tuesday that its purchasing managers' index for the eurozone - a gauge of business activity - fell to a nine-month low of 52.3 in September from the previous month's 52.5. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 15:18 (IST)

China Manufacturing Grows Modestly--UPDATE 2China Manufacturing Grows Modestly--UPDATE 2
Realty & energy  major losersRealty & energy  major losers
NPPA withdraws May guidelines to cap drug pricesNPPA withdraws May guidelines to cap drug prices
US  allies unleash airstrikes against IS in SyriaUS  allies unleash airstrikes against IS in Syria
Marketing lessons from the Alibaba IPOHi Guest
Marketing lessons from the Alibaba IPO
Buzz around Alibaba's IPO was created from the time the firm went for filing earlier this year, as if a multi-starrer blockbuster was about to hit the theatres. The Alibaba Initial Public Offer (IPO) has caught the imagination of investors. It made a spectacular debut that made many billionaires richer. The stock jumped significantly on listing. For a jumbo issue of $22 billion, this is remarkable. What is even more amazing is that Alibaba did it for a second time. Read this Reuters article of ...

Go long in Tech Mahindra  says Ashish ChaturmohtaGo long in Tech Mahindra  says Ashish Chaturmohta
Dalai Lama meets Manmohan Singhpicture  others
Dalai Lama meets Manmohan Singh
Tibetan Spiritual leader, Dalai Lama gestures during a meeting with former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Former prime minister Manmohan Singh with his wife Gursharan Kaur during a meeting with Tibetan Spiritual leader, Dalai Lama at their residence in New Delhi on Monday.  (Source: PTI)
Tibetan Spiritual leader, Dalai Lama with former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh admires a photo of Mother Teresa at his residence in New Delhi on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Former prime minister Manmohan Singh with his wife Gursharan Kaur go through the paintings during a meeting with Tibetan Spiritual leader, Dalai Lama at their residence in New Delhi on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during a meeting with Tibetan Spiritual leader, Dalai Lama at his residence in New Delhi on Monday.  (Source: PTI)
Related

Real Housewives  Star Lists Home at Jersey Shorereal housewives  star lists home at jersey shore
Falling oil prices to help govt control fiscal deficitFalling oil prices to help govt control fiscal deficit
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 15:52 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The finance ministry is increasingly optimistic that it can meet a tough fiscal deficit target, helped by a 12 per cent decline in global crude oil prices since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took charge in May.
Lower crude prices mean less government outlay for India, which imports 80 per cent of its oil needs - at a cost of $168 billion last year - and subsidizes oil products such as diesel and fertilizer.
"If crude prices remain below $100 a barrel compared with budgeted estimate of $105-$110 a barrel, total oil and fertiliser subsidies would be substantially lower," said a senior finance ministry official, with the direct knowledge of the matter.
Moody's last week lowered the price assumptions it uses for rating purposes on Brent crude oil to $90 per barrel through 2015, which represents a $5 drop from its previous assumptions for 2015.
Finance Ministry and Reserve Bank of India (RBI) officials are due to meet on Friday to decide how much the government will need to borrow from the markets in the second half of the 2014/15.
The government borrowed Rs 160 billion less than it budgeted in the first half of the financial year, triggering market speculation that the fiscal deficit could end up even lower than the target of 4.1 per cent of GDP.
"As of now, the deficit target remains 4.1 per cent ," said a finance ministry official, who declined to be named since he was not authorised to speak to the media.
The country's top finance ministry official, Arvind Mayaram, suggested over the weekend that the deficit target could be met without the harsh expenditure cuts that have kept the deficit in check in the past two financial years.
"You cannot have three years of continuous expenditure cuts," Mayaram told the Economic Times newspaper in Cairns, Australia, where he attended the G20 meeting. Many economists say the cuts have slowed economic growth.
He said if GDP growth keeps to the pace of the first quarter and remains at 5.6 per cent to 5.7 per cent in the second half, government borrowing could be lower than budgeted, but said it was too early to take such a decision.
A sustained rally in India's stock markets - the Nifty has risen more than 25 per cent this year - is adding to optimism in the finance ministry that revenue from the partial privatization of state-run companies such as ONGC and Coal India will beat the budget.
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan delivered more good news in the form of a cash dividend of Rs 520 billion from foreign exchange trading operations, about Rs 50 billion higher than expected.
But not all is well. Tax collections have been lower than targeted so far this year - thanks to a muted economic recovery and a drought in some parts of the country that has hurt corporate earnings.
Revenues from indirect taxes - mainly comprising customs, service and factory gate taxes - rose just 4.6 per cent during April-August period, far lower than annual target of 20 per cent.
(Additional reporting by Rajesh Kumar Singh)
- Reuters

Rockefeller Fund divests fossil fuelsRockefeller Fund divorces itself from fossil fuels
By Aaron Smith   @AaronSmithCNN September 22, 2014: 11:29 AM ET
 
Rockefeller fund drops fossil fuels
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The Rockefeller family, which built its wealth on oil, is divesting its philanthropic fund of fossil fuel investments.
The Rockefeller Brothers Fund pledged Monday to divest itself of investments in coal and tar sands, promising to reduce that exposure to less than 1% of the total portfolio by year's end.
The statement announcing the divestment referred to coal and tar sands as "two of the most intensive sources of carbon emissions. We are working to eliminate the fund's exposure to these energy sources as quickly as possible."
The announcement comes one day before the United Nations General Assembly meets in New York to take on the subject of climate control.
Established in 1940, the fund committed itself four years ago to dedicating one-tenth of its assets to clean energy technologies and business strategies.
The fund is worth $860 million.
The fund was created by the children of John D. Rockefeller, Jr., a philanthropist whose father founded Standard Oil and was the richest American of all time. His wealth was estimated at $253 billion, when adjusted for inflation.
First Published: September 22, 2014: 11:03 AM ET
Most Popular

Scenes from #FloodWallStreetScenes from #FloodWallStreet: 'Corporate capitalism = Climate chaos '
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney September 23, 2014: 6:42 AM ET
 
Raw Footage: Climate activists take Wall Street
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Hundreds of protesters marched through the financial district in New York Monday to protest the role big business plays in climate change.
The demonstration, dubbed #FloodWallStreet, blocked traffic near Wall Street.
It came one day after tens of thousands of people took part in the People's Climate March in New York City. That march attracted numerous celebrities from all walks of life including former U.S. Vice President Al Gore, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, comedian Chris Rock, as well as actors Leonard DiCaprio and Mark Ruffalo.
Monday's demonstration drew people like 23-year-old Maddy Ray (left) and 27-year-old Doug Collins from Maine, photographed below:
And Barry Knight, who came from Massachusetts to the the march.
Knight held up this sign and told CNNMoney: "If you think this is inconvenient, think about how inconvenient it will be for your grand kids when they don't have a sustainable planet."
The protesters had initially planned on meeting a few blocks south of Wall Street, as seen in this map.
The plan was to march on Wall Street and "shut down" the New York Stock Exchange. However, the New York Police Department was out in full force, some on horses, and their barricades forced protesters to abandon that plan.
Still the protesters, who argue that capitalism is to blame for climate change, surrounded the iconic "Charging Bull" bronze sculpture in lower Manhattan.
The atmosphere was boisterous, with protesters wearing costumes and dancing to the beat of a marching band.
And (below) Stacy Helsee, 41-years-old, brought her two-month-old baby Joy Liberty Wildflower for her first protest march.
Protesters chanted slogans demanding "climate justice" and carried signs that said "Corporate capitalism = climate chaos."
Organizers estimated that there were about 2,500 people at the demonstration. 102 people were arrested on charges of disorderly conduct, according to the New York Police Department.
CNN's Rob Frehse contributed to this report.
First Published: September 22, 2014: 4:18 PM ET
Most Popular

US Stocks Drop as China  Oil Weigh on MarketsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Within days  $1 million raised for Modis Madison Square eventWithin days, $1 million raised for Modi’s Madison Square event
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 22, 2014
First Published: 20:36 IST(22/9/2014) | Last Updated: 07:15 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
Organisers of the Madison Square Garden reception for Prime Minister Narendra Modi later this week have been stunned by the speed with which Indian Americans contributed for it.
The Indian American Community Foundation, formed to organise the event — fund and produce it, were able to raise over a million — $1.6 million precisely — within just days.
“We were completely taken aback by the speed with which people donated for the event,” said one of the organisers, requesting to be not identified. “And touched.”
The prime minister is scheduled to address, and interact with, Indian Americans at MSG, as Madison Square Garden is popularly known, on September 28.
The brief to the organisers from the prime minister’s office, and stated with this government’s trademark clarity, was to keep the event completely free for whoever wanted to attend.
The organisers were also told that the Indian government, which had hosted public receptions for visiting Indian prime ministers before, was not going to pay for it this time.
The organisers were on their own, and MSG does not come cheap, being accustomed to hosting blockbusting rock shows, boxing matches, political events and, even, a pope.
Initial estimates put the cost in the range of $400,000 and $700,000. Organisers were actually flying blind here, having never hosted an event of this scale at the MSG before.
With nothing on the account books at the time, when a decision was taken to hold the event, some of the organisers put up their own money to book the venue.
But once the whole effort got organised, with a website where contributions could be made, money flowed in — and in sizes varying from $5 and 10 to $5,000.
Around 85% of the money, said on of the organisers, came from middle class Indian Americans — “the common guys”, a third of them doctors, according to one estimate.
Though chuffed by the response, the organisers also felt relieved they didn’t have to approach “big money” — “Narendra Bhai won’t have liked that” — such as Pepsi and Microsoft.
Both Pepsi and Microsoft, for perspective, are headed by CEOs of Indian descent, Indra Nooyi and Satya Nadella, respectively. And no one knows if they would have helped, if asked.
In the end, the organisers did fine.

BSE Sensex down 20 pts in early trade on global cuesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Badal seeks financial package from PM Narendra Modi for PunjabE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi to get grand reception in New YorkNarendra Modi to get grand welcome, draw large crowds on maiden US visit
Daniel Bases     New York   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 15:02 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
It is a rock 'n' roller's dream to "sell out The Garden", but for a foreign politician to pack New York City's most famous sports and entertainment arena is another thing entirely.
Narendra Modi, on his first trip to the United States as Prime Minister, will draw perhaps the largest crowd ever by a foreign leader on US soil when he takes the stage on Sunday in New York's Madison Square Garden before a crowd forecast to total more than 18,000 people.
Thousands more are expected to pack New York's Times Square to watch his address in Hindi on big screens as well as smaller viewing parties around the country and on television in India.
The Indian diaspora hopes this visit by a leader who was until recently barred from the US will signify India's importance not only on these shores but in wider the world too.
The event is being emceed by prominent members of the Indian American community, Nina Davuluri, who has just relinquished her crown as Miss America 2014, and TV journalist Hari Sreenivasan.
"Indian citizens and diaspora over the world are hopeful that this (Modi) administration will cut bureaucracy and focus on people," said Dr Dinesh Patel, chief of arthroscopic surgery at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, who arrived in the United States more than 50 years ago.
Patel, who says he was given an award for work in education by Modi, a fellow Gujarati, added: "People are passionate to see the new leader. Another Narendra is coming to this country to let the USA know what India is about."
The first Narendra was Swami Vivekananda, a 19th-century philosopher and monk who propagated the Hindu faith in the United States. Modi often cites a speech by Vivekananda, born Narendra Nath Datta, to the Parliament of Religions in Chicago in 1893, as a source of inspiration.
"Let us remember the words of Swami Vivekananda and dedicate ourselves to furthering the cause of unity, brotherhood and world peace," Modi wrote on September 11 to his 6.5 million followers on Twitter.
The economy has struggled to recover from sub-par growth, shackled by layers of bureaucracy anathema to the diaspora. The 64-year-old leader's general election triumph in May was driven in large part by his entrepreneurial mantra.
On the eve of his US visit, tensions remain between the Washington and New Delhi over trade and spying.
The former chief minister of Gujarat was denied a US visa in 2005 over sectarian rioting that killed more than 1,000 people, mainly Muslims, three years before. Modi, who denies wrongdoing, has been exonerated by a Supreme Court probe.
Washington was late to warm to Modi. Its ambassador to India only met him in February, when opinion polls already put his nationalists on course for a big election win.
DILIGENT DIASPORA
The country's US diaspora is a highly educated population of nearly 3.2 million, making up about 1 per cent of the US population, according to latest US Census Bureau data.
As a group, they are more likely to be hooked to the internet than their fellow Americans, far more likely to have a college or professional degree and twice as well off with an average household income of more than $100,000.
"Indians are generally very ambitious and entrepreneurs," said Mike Narula, the founder, president and chief executive officer of Long Island, New York-based Reliance Communications, a distributor of mobile telecom devices and accessories.
Narula, who came to the US 17 years ago, first working in the garment industry, now has his own company with more than, 200 employees. He's part of the host committee for Modi's visit to Washington, where the prime minister will meet with President Barack Obama on Monday and Tuesday.
"We attempted to do business in India. I hope Modi will look into streamlining issues such as VAT, the role of FDI (foreign direct investment) and find a way for American businesses to not have to go through 19 red tape bureaucracies," he said.
While Indian Americans are well represented in America's professional class, they are less visible in the military. Some 0.1 per cent serve in the armed forces compared to 0.4 per cent of Americans as a whole.
"The diaspora does very well on entrepreneurship, but not as much on the physical sacrifices. It is not just enough to be a citizen and taxpayer," said Raj Bhandari, a 48-year-old Mumbai-born banker from New Jersey. "As a larger community I would like it to be more engaged on the front lines."
(Reuters)

Nifty struggles below 8150 ahead of FO expiry; HUL up 1%Sep 23, 2014, 12.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty struggles below 8150 ahead of F&O expiry; HUL up 1%
Bajaj Auto, Maruti, BHEL, HUL and Wipro are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hindalco, M&M, Cipla, Bharti Airtel and Tata Steel.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty struggles below 8150 ahead of F&O expiry; HUL up 1%
Bajaj Auto, Maruti, BHEL, HUL and Wipro are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hindalco, M&M, Cipla, Bharti Airtel and Tata Steel.
Post your opinion here
11:09
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:50 am Market outlook: Gautam Chhaochharia, Head of India Research at UBS remains bullish in India and retains his official target of 8000 for Nifty by December 2014. From the next year perspective, UBS is comfortable that earnings momentum will be back to match the estimates, which has been missing over the last 3-4 years.
"We don’t have forecast but we do remain constructive in that context," he said. UBS has high conviction on cyclical recovery in India and remains positive on Voltas , Crompton Greaves and Carborundum . Chhaochharia feels financial sector will be a big bet as valuations look attractive. In the segment, he is bullish on LIC Housing Finance and Shriram Transport . He also remains bullish on oil and gas over the next 6-12 months on macro triggers and reasonable valuations.
11:30 am Buzzing: Investors have consistently been buying shares of National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) after Nomura initiated buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1,049, implying a 49 percent upside. The stock rallied as much as 8 percent intraday to touch a record high of Rs 765 on the Bombay Stock Exchange. It surged 400 percent in 2014 (year-to-date).
The brokerage believes strong growth prospects with an asset light business model will drive further re-rating for the stock.
"NBCC enjoys negative working capital (and a cash-rich balance sheet) and passes on risks to subvendors on back-to-back contracts, thus remaining asset light," it explained.
 Don't miss: Realty stocks under pressure, Delhi home rates to rise
The market is under pressure ahead of August F&O expiry. The Sensex is down 55.16 points at 27151.58 and the Nifty is down 17.15 points at 8129.15. About 1110 shares have advanced, 1295 shares declined, and 105 shares are unchanged.
Bajaj Auto, Maruti, BHEL, HUL and Wipro are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Hindalco, M&M, Cipla, Bharti Airtel and Tata Steel.
It’s a welcoming reception for Sharda Cropchem that debuted on the bourses with a premium of over 70 percent.
Globally, Asian markets bounced back after the Chinese flash HSBC PMI came in better than estimates. China's manufacturing sector expanded at a slightly faster pace in September even as employment fell to a 5-1/2-year low, a preliminary HSBC survey showed. The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2, beating a Reuters poll forecast of 50.
The employment sub-index fell to 46.9, a low not seen since February 2009. A hefty drop in employment could raise alarm bells for the Chinese government, which has indicated it will tolerate slower economic growth as long as employment is not affected.
 

Zomato acquires Gastronauci  4th acquisition...Zomato acquires Poland's Gastronauci, fourth acquisition in three months
By Pranbihanga Borpuzari, ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 23 Sep, 2014, 12.02PM IST
"This is an exciting new chapter for us and we look forward to working with Zomato and use their technology and product expertise," Gastronauci said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: On an acquisition spree, online and mobile restaurant search and discovery services Zomato on Tuesday said it has acquired Poland's leading restaurant search service Gastronauci for an undisclosed sum.
Zomato has now acquired four companies globally within a span of three months. New Zealand-based restaurant search service MenuMania became a part of Zomato in July 2014. Lunchtime.cz and Obedovat.sk, the Czech Republic's and Slovakia's restaurant guides, became a part of Zomato on the 22nd of August, 2014.
"We have had great success in building a strong and engaging user base for Gastronauci in Poland since 2007. This is an exciting new chapter for us and we look forward to working with Zomato and use their technology and product expertise to bring a new enhanced experience for both consumers and merchants," said Gastronauci, Founder and CEO, Ola Lazar .
Sources say Zomato is eyeing yet another acquisition deal in Europe before the end of the calendar year. The company was funded with $37 million (Rs 227 crore), last year by Sequoia Capital and existing investor Info Edge and it is believed about 80 percent of the money raised in this round is still available at its disposal.
The team at Gastronauci will be working closely with the Zomato team following this acquisition. Gastronauci was founded in 2007 by Ola Lazar. The transaction is expected to be completed by the beginning of November. Zomato and Gastronauci will work on building and rolling out an integrated product in the coming months. Gastronauci's website and mobile app helps users in Poland look for places to dine out or order in from a database of over 26,000 restaurants across the country.
According to Zomato, Founder and CEO, Deepinder Goyal acquisitions make sense for the company as it allows the company with a ready market. Goyal says the company prefers to acquire and partner with a dominant local player rather than competing with them and each of the acquisition has helped Zomato get a strong foot hold in the multilingual European market.
"Ola and the Gastronauci team have built an excellent product that has a significant mind share in Poland. We are very happy to welcome Gastronauci into the Zomato family. Both Zomato and Gastronauci are committed towards building the best platform possible to connect users and the restaurant industry. We are excited to work on building an integrated product combining our technology with Gastronauci's exhaustive reach in Poland," said Goyal.
According to Zomato, Director, International Operations, Pramod Rao the company is planning to expand into multiple geographies in the immediate future "and expansion in Europe is one of our key focus areas. We are delighted to have Gastronauci on board and look forward to strengthening our presence further in Central and Eastern Europe."
Zomato has been aggressively expanding its global presence over the past two quarters, while also strengthening its presence in existing markets . In August 2014, Zomato acquired Lunchtime.cz and Obedovat.sk, the Czech Republic's and Slovakia's restaurant guides respectively, for a combined amount of $ 3.25 million. Shortly before that, in July 2014, Zomato acquired MenuMania, the leading restaurant discovery service in New Zealand. The three acquisitions in the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Poland are strategic moves to establish Zomato's presence as a leader in the restaurant discovery space in Central and Eastern Europe.

Fosun in bidding for Espirito Santo SaudeFosun offers $580m for Espírito Santo Saúde
By Josh Noble and Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f553100c-42d1-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Police plan to turn Kerala capital  tobacco-freePress Trust of India | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:38 pm
Kerala capital may turn into a tobacco-free city soon with city police taking several initiatives, including strict implementation of anti-tobacco laws.
Close on the heels of the state government increasing the tax on cigarette, the city police has joined hands with “janamaithri” personnel, the community police wing of the state police, for strict enforcement of anti-tobacco laws by declaring major institutions and its premises here “smoke-free zones”.
As part of the move, the Medical College hospital and its premises were declared ‘smoke free’ area recently by banning consumption and sale of tobacco products there.
City Police Commissioner H Venkitesh said major state-run firms and their premises here would be declared smoke-free zones and a strict vigil would put in place to monitor violations.
“The aim of the project is to declare the capital city tobacco-free. We already have anti-tobacco laws and we are now planning for their stringent enforcement,” Venkitesh said.
“We are targeting government hospitals, schools and other state-run firms in the initial phase. We hope that we can achieve itby  step-by-step banning consumption and sale of illegal tobacco products in selected places by declaring the areas as ‘smoke-free zones,” he said.
Kerala had banned the manufacturing, sale and storage of pan masala containing tobacco or nicotine in 2012.
“Cases will be registered against all violators- both smokers and vendors who sell tobacco products- based on various sections of anti-tobacco laws,” he said.

See EBITDA margin of 20% plus by FY16: Prime FocusSep 23, 2014, 04.21 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
See EBITDA margin of 20% plus by FY16: Prime Focus
Prime Focus's current order book in VFX and 3D conversion market stands at north of USD 150-175 million.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See EBITDA margin of 20% plus by FY16: Prime Focus
Prime Focus's current order book in VFX and 3D conversion market stands at north of USD 150-175 million.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Prime Focus  has been increasing its presence in visual effects (VFX) and 3D conversion market with larger scale projects. Vikas Rathee, group CFO of Prime Focus says its current market share in 3D conversion stands at 30-33 percent, while VFX, after the purchase of London's visual effects company Double Negative, is at 7-10 percent.
Recently the company worked for Sin City 2 and did stereo conversion for a Tom Cruise movie Edge of Tomorrow.
Prime Focus’s current order book in the segment stands at north of USD 150-175 million, says Rathee. He is looking at a EBITDA margin of 20 percent plus by FY16. The annual market size in VFX/3D conversion stands at USD 2.5-3 billion.
He believes Prime Focus Technology will see 50 percent plus growth on a conservative basis and says the outlook for the same continues to be very robust.
The company’s debt on books stands at Rs 800 crore. Rathee says Prime Focus will continue to reduce cost of debt and may monetize opportunities in Prime Focus World in FY16. “We will evaluate the right kind of opportunity for Prime Focus World,” he adds. 
Below is the verbatim transcript of Vikas Rathee's interview with Reema Tendulkar & Sumaira Abidi on CNBC-TV18
Reema: Can you tell us what the market share of Prime Focus stands in visual effects that VFX as well as in 3D conversion?
A: On the 3D conversion side we have about 30-33 percent kind of market share. It’s a smaller market from over all revenue prospective. That’s why we have kind of made a bigger entry into the visual effects (VFX) part of the industries which is about to USD 2.50-3 billion on annual prospective. We recently bought one of the leading VFX players in the world a company called Double Negative out of London.
Now combine with them if you ask me we gone add a market share of about between 7-10 percent. It’s a fairly fragmented market. There are about three or four tier-I players Double Negative is one of them. So we integrating Double Negative the VFX portion with Prime Focus’s VFX kind of operations and look forward to try and grow this business significantly with the scale that we have both in Vancouver and India.
Sumaira: Could you tell us what’s the current order backlog that you have for your VFX as well the 3D conversion business?
A: Between VFX and 3D at any point of time we have at least a year or so of our revenues gone covered. Now somebody’s projects run obviously over the fiscal year. So just on the 3D-VFX side we are looking at order book which north of USD150-175 million as we speak right now.
Sumaira: Clearly this is a growing market in that sense. You spoke about annual market size of I think USD 2.50-3 billion. So how much is Prime Focus than looking to expand its market share?
A: Given our world sourcing model where we combine our operations in Vancouver, London now in Singapore and significance scale in India, the opportunity that we bring are similar to what you saw in the IT services space. We can leverage the resources and capabilities we have in India which are much more scalable to be able to significantly increase these revenues and our service capabilities. So the aim is increase our revenue base of about USD 150-160 million just on the VFX side to see if we can double that over the next two to three years.
Reema: In one of your interactions you indicated that there is room to improve your margins particularly in VFX business where the staff utilisation can be scaled up significantly. Any numbers that you would like to give us and your outlook on margins?
A: We expect to be on a combine basis north of 20 percent plus. It might not happen right away in the next few quarters but through FY16 we expect to be back again in the mid 20’s on the EBITDA side.
Sumaira: So what's the growth outlook then for Prime Focus Technology?
A: Prime Focus Technology (PFT) has been a superstar all along. I mean in about less than five-six years they have grown from, when we started with about Rs 80-90 lakh of revenue six years ago to Rs 160 plus crore that we delivered last year. The outlook for PFT continues to be very robust and we expect to be able to grow the revenues again anywhere north of 50 percent. Hopefully it's higher than that but we are very comfortable on a growth of at least 50 percent.
Reema: So just to get the number in you said if 50 percent growth plus on the conservative basis in Prime Focus Technology, right?
A: That’s correct. PFT has grown 100 percent year on year for several years now. So I would rather be conservative and say 50 percent or north of 50 percent for the next year.
Sumaira: Is your capital expenditure (CAPEX) largely done now. are there any acquisitions that you may be planning?
A: Capital expenditure (CAPEX) we took the bet along with our private equity supporters like Standard Chartered and Macquarie Capital. The best time to spend money is when the market is a bit low. When markets come back, you are actually well positioned to go in and capitalise on the opportunity so that’s what we have done. The last few years there was little bit of downturn or negativity from a global economic perspective. We went ahead and invested ahead of time which is kind of putting us in good position today.
There will also be some capex from a growth capex perspective but in terms of a building stuff that we needed to do to have the building blocks to grow our revenues, that is done. It will always have maintenance and some growth capex especially in relation to your PFT. That’s a growing company, we are increasing our revenues significantly year-on-year (YoY) and that requires some incremental but it is success based capex as oppose to building to get to an ability to delivery projects.
Reema: Just to get a few more numbers in - can you tell us currently what the debt is on your books and now that capex is largely behind, how is the company looking to reduce its debt?
A: I think FY15 from our debt is - we last reported is Rs 800 odd crore and that\\'s primarily on the back of the investment that we did in PFT over the last 12 months and some on the VFX side of the capabilities in India. As we now look to capitalise on doing work here we have kind of paid off our higher cost bank debt and taken on lower cost; is an international dollar base debt or frankly more attractively lease base financing. So I think the overall cost of debt continues to go down. FY15 again it's another few quarters its time for us to integrate these companies be it Double Negative or now with Reliance MediaWorks. So I think FY15 it's tough for me to say exactly how much reduction we will have but what I will tell you is we will continue to reduce our overall cost of debt. It's coming down for us already both on India side as well as internationally and FY16 is when you should see a significant reduction on the debt side.
Reema: Any non-core assets - would you look at monetising Prime Focus World, is there an IPO which you would consider?
A: Nothing of significance. As we have said it in a past the opportunity for us is to continue to find ways of monetising our investment in Prime Focus World. We will evaluate the right kind of IPO kind of opportunity for our Prime Focus World business which is now combined with Double Negative - that's got significant scale, north of USD 200 million plus revenues and we believe some time during the course of FY16 we will have an opportunity to approach the capital market at the subsidiary level and again lot of the capital coming from that will also be used for debt reduction.
Prime Focus stock price
On November 21, 2014, Prime Focus closed at Rs 48.90, up Rs 0.05, or 0.10 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 58.35 and the 52-week low was Rs 23.75.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 2.15 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 22.74. The latest book value of the company is Rs 25.55 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.91.
RELATED NEWS

Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on September 23Sep 23, 2014, 12.56 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on September 23
Here are few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Marksans Pharma, Sanofi, Geometric, Trident, Kitex, Arrow Textiles, Relaxo, Orchid Chemicals, SAIL and HCC.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on September 23
Here are few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Marksans Pharma, Sanofi, Geometric, Trident, Kitex, Arrow Textiles, Relaxo, Orchid Chemicals, SAIL and HCC.
Post your opinion here

Mothercare launches 100m rights issueMothercare launches £100m rights issue
By Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d3542966-42e8-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India to focus on UNSC reform  terrorism  peacekeeping at UNGAPrint
Press Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:08 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 3:15 pm
Early reform of the UN Security Council, terrorism and peacekeeping will be among the main issues that India will pursue during the world body’s General Assembly session, Indian Ambassador to the UN has said.
Highlighting the broad areas that will occupy India’s attention during the 69th session of the UN’s 193-member body, Asoke Mukerji said his delegation will focus on the “unfinished business of 2005 (which is) the early reform of the UN Security Council.”
He said the last seven rounds of discussions have “thrown up enough material” for UN member states to now begin negotiating the early reform of the Security Council on the basis of a negotiation text.
Briefing reporters in United Nations on Monday ahead of the start of the high-level General Debate on September 24, Mukerji said India has sought that when the next round of Inter- governmental negotiations resume in November, “it should resume on the basis of a negotiation text which would provide all delegations a framework in which to demonstrate their flexibility and to engage in give and take of negotiations.
“The Intergovernmental Negotiations on UNSC reform have continued to remain deadlocked because of the absence of text. India will press for a text-based process of negotiations in the IGN whose 11th round will commence in the 69th General Assembly,” Mukerji said.
“Without a text it is not possible for us to demonstrate any constructive approach on this subject,” he said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address the UN General Assembly on September 27. Mukerji did not give details of the other engagements of Modi.
On terrorism, India will continue to strive for progress towards finalisation of the draft Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism.
“India will also initiate action for the listing of terrorists of security concern to us by the Al-Qaeda and Taliban Sanctions Committees of the UN Security Council. On September 25, the Council would adopt a resolution on counter-terrorism, an area which has been important for India for the last three decades,” Mukerji said.
“India is one of the countries suffering from terrorism and we are happy that finally the impact of foreign terrorist fighters on peace and stability is being recognised specifically by the UN,” he said.
Mukerji said peacekeeping is another area where India will actively engage in.  India is the largest contributor to UN peacekeeping with 170,000 Indian soldiers having participated in 43 missions.
Mukerji said Indian soldiers are present in the “hot spots of the global crisis today. We believe strongly that the views of a country that contributes troops such as India should be taken into account by the Security Council when they formulate the mandate for peacekeeping.”
He said peacekeeping is very important in the South Asian region as there are areas undergoing tremendous political and social upheaval.
“New approaches of using peacekeeping as a solution to such upheaval will not be sustainable,” he added.
With several Indian peacekeepers being killed in the line of duty, Mukerji said India has been asking the UNSC to take steps to investigate and prosecute those who target peacekeepers.
Another main area that continued…

Alibaba s Jack Ma rises to top of China rich...Alibaba's Jack Ma rises to top of China rich list as tech tycoons gain
By Reuters | 23 Sep, 2014, 01.31PM IST
0
Share More
Alibaba's Jack Ma knocked Wang Jianlin, head of the Wanda property group, into second place with $24.2 billion.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Jack Ma , executive chairman of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd , has become China's richest man with a fortune estimated at $25 billion, underscoring the ascension of tech tycoons over real estate peers in the world's second biggest economy.
Ma knocked Wang Jianlin, head of the Wanda property group, into second place with $24.2 billion, according to this year's list of China's super-rich published by Hurun Reports Inc.
Tech billionaires accounted for half of the top 10 names and included Tencent Holdings Ltd founder Pony Ma in fifth place with a $18.1 billion fortune and Baidu Inc CEO Robin Li in sixth position with $17.5 billion.
Making the top 10 for the first time were cellphone company Xiaomi Inc co-founder Lei Jun and e-commerce entrepreneur Liu Qiangdong who led JD.com to a New York listing this year - in ninth and tenth position respectively.
While six real estate developers occupied the top 10 places in 2013, just two made the cut this year, a reflection of a Chinese housing market that has stalled for several quarters.
Although the vast majority of the roughly 1,100 people tracked by Hurun saw their wealth grow, it's tense times for the Chinese elite as President Xi Jinping's administration continues its far-reaching corruption crackdown in both the public and private sectors.
According to Hurun, five members of its rich list are under investigation, two have been imprisoned, two are awaiting sentencing, one has been sentenced to death, while one - the flamboyant Sichuan businessman Li Yan - has disappeared altogether.
Hurun said it counted a record 354 U.S. dollar billionaires in mainland China, up 13 per cent from last year and which compares with just 65 billionaires in 2012.
"The entrepreneurial spirit that has caught China seems not to be abating, with eight self-made individuals born in the eighties making the list," said British accountant Rupert Hoogewerf, Hurun Report chairman and chief researcher.
Hurun said its rankings were accurate as of mid-August. It was not immediately clear what valuation it used for Alibaba. A record-setting IPO this month catapulted Alibaba's valuation to well over $200 billion. Ma owns 7.8 per cent of Alibaba and also made gains of some $850 million by selling shares in the offering.
Despite the size of Alibaba's IPO, only one other Alibaba shareholder, Simon Xie, made Hurun's list, coming in at No. 177. Xie is an Alibaba vice president and co-founder who holds significant shares in the company alongside Ma.

Jimmy Choo confirms plans for London IPOShoemaker Jimmy Choo confirms plans for London IPO
By Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/835585da-42e9-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tate & Lyle warns on first-half profits© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f48d23a6-42ea-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt withdraws power of regulator to fix drug pricesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bibek Debroy to head panel for Railway Board restructuringBibek Debroy to head panel to revamp Railway Board
Anusha Soni | New Delhi Sep 24, 2014 12:50 AM IST
To steer restructuring of the Railway Board, Indian Railways has set up a committee under Bibek Debroy, economist and professor, Centre for Policy Research. The committee will recommend steps to mobilise resources for major projects and help set up a Rail Tariff Authority.
Speaking to Business Standard, Debroy said, “It’s premature to comment on the steps ahead. Let the first meeting convene to chalk out a path ahead.”
Three months ago, Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda had, in his Budget speech, proposed reforming the Railway Board. To rationalise rates and do away with political interference in this field, the government had also introduced a fuel adjustment component, linking freight and passenger rates with fuel prices.
Other members of the panel include former Cabinet secretary K M Chandrasekhar; Gurcharan Das former chairman and managing director of Procter & Gamble; Partha Mukopadhyay, senior fellow, Centre for Policy Research; Ravi Narain, former managing director of the National Stock Exchange; and a nominee from the Department of Economic Affairs, finance ministry.
Vivek Sahai, former chairman of the Railway Board, said, “The committee should submit its report within a year, without demanding any extension. Then, it will be up to the government to implement the suggestions. I hope this committee does not have a fate similar to that of other committees. To introduce efficiency, the Railway Board needs reforms.”
Earlier, similar committees, headed by Rakesh Mohan and Sam Pitroda, hadn’t seen success, in terms of implementation of their recommendations.
Amid the government clearing the road to the flow of domestic and foreign direct investment into Indian Railways, setting up a Rail Tariff Authority was important, as this body would act as a nodal authority in case of disputes arising between private parties and the railways, said a railway official.
The Railway Board was earlier restructured in 1988. At that time, an additional post of member (electrical) was created, through the structure largely remained the same as that during the British era.
Currently, Indian Railways works on a top-down hierarchical model — a six-member Railway Board creates, implements and monitors policies in this segment and takes all key decisions. The railways is categorised into 16 geographical zones, employing about 1.4 million people. It operates on a cadre-based system (mechanical, engineering, electrical departments, etc), with no separation of passenger and freight businesses.
PROPOSALS FROM OTHER PANELS
The Rakesh Mohan committee of 2001 sought corporatisation of the railways, with separate freight and passenger operations
Sam Pitroda committee of 2012 sought reorganisation of the Railway Board, with separate members for passenger, freight, technology and business development
Pitroda report called for scrapping the position of chairman of the Railway Board and replacing it with a chief executive officer
Other key suggestions of the Pitroda panel included appointment of an ombudsman for all private-public partnership projects

ED makes first arrest in money laundering probe in VVIP chopper dealPrint
(Suggestive image) This is the first big action by the ED in this case after it registered a criminal FIR in the deal in July this year against Gautam Khaitan. Reuters
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:13 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 2:15 pm
Enforcement Directorate today carried out its first arrest in the money laundering probe in the Rs 3,600-crore AgustaWestland chopper deal, taking into custody Gautam Khaitan, an ex-board member of an accused company.
The agency, which is trying to track the alleged kickbacks of Rs 360 crore from the deal, arrested Khaitan, a businessman and advocate, after searches were conducted at two of his premises in the national capital yesterday.
“Khaitan has been arrested under the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA). He is required for further detailed interrogation in the case,” ED sources said.
The agency, after searches, had seized jewellery worth Rs one crore and impounded some “important” financial documents from his premises.
This is the first big action by the ED in this case after it registered a criminal FIR in the deal in July this year against Khaitan, former IAF chief S P Tyagi and 19 others in the VVIP chopper deal to probe the alleged kickbacks of Rs 360 crore.
Khaitan was on the board of Chandigarh-based Aeromatrix which is allegedly a front company for the financial dealings of the chopper deal.
According to CBI and other agencies, they had detected that funds for the particular deal were allegedly routed through this firm and few others.
A reference to Khaitan was also reportedly made in the Italian prosecutor’s report filed in a court in Italy.
Khiatan, however, has refuted all the allegations made against him.
He earlier been quizzed by the CBI in this case. The ED had registered a case in this deal under PMLA, taking cognisance of a more-than-a-year-old CBI FIR.
 

End in sight to seat-sharing deadlock  Sena willing to give 126 seats to BJPBJP, Sena near truce; may fight polls together
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 23, 2014
First Published: 11:36 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:25 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
After bickering for more than a week over sharing seats for the Maharashtra assembly elections, the Shiv Sena and BJP on Tuesday finally decided to keep their 25-year-old alliance going in the western state that goes to the polls on October 15.
The Sena, which remains firm on contesting 151 of the 288 seats with an eye on the chief minister’s post, showed willingness to give away one more seat to the BJP.
If both succeed in arm-twisting the smaller allies, the Sena would end up with at least 150 seats, the BJP with 124-126 seats, leaving 12-14 seats to the others.  
At the time of going to press, leaders from the saffron combine were in talks to finalise the seat-sharing formula, with the smaller allies unhappy over what they would have to give up.
Video: BJP leaders to meet Shiv Sena to save Maharashtra alliance
While the ruling alliance — the Congress and the Nationalist Congress — again hit a roadblock over the number of seats each would fight,  the saffron camp appeared confident as leaders met at the BJP’s office on Tuesday morning.
Sena leaders drove down in senior Maharashtra BJP leader Vinod Tawde’s car, sparking speculation of a deal being sealed. The Sena in an editorial in its mouthpiece Saamana indicated alliance trouble had been sorted out.
The “horses of Sena-BJP were running fast and were unstoppable against the mules of Congress-NCP”, it said.
The Sena softened its stand after several senior BJP leaders spoke to Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, party sources said. “Our alliance will stay. We will talk sharing of seats with our smaller allies and fix the final formula,” said Sena MP Sanjay Raut.
Thackeray had on Sunday made a “final offer” of 119 seats to the BJP and set aside 151 seats for the Sena.
The new formula, if agreed up on, will ensure that the Sena keeps to its “Mission 150” alive, while the BJP increases its seat count by five-seven seats.

How euro depreciation impacts Indian companiesSep 23, 2014, 04.35 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
How euro depreciation impacts Indian companies
In a research report, JPMorgan analysed companies that will likely be impacted the most from the recent currency-rate volatility, either by virtue of having direct operations in the Euro area or exporting to it.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
How euro depreciation impacts Indian companies
In a research report, JPMorgan analysed companies that will likely be impacted the most from the recent currency-rate volatility, either by virtue of having direct operations in the Euro area or exporting to it.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The euro has fallen sharply against the Indian rupee, which has gained 3.7 percent in the past month (from Rs 81.45 to Rs 78.40) against the currency. A similar percentage move has been witnessed between the rupee and the British pound.
The currency fluctuation has an impact on trade (the Eurozone is India’s second largest partner on both exports – 20 percent of all merchandise – and imports – 17 percent) as well as corporate earnings.
A strong rupee makes imports cheaper while negatively impact exports. Key trade sectors for India-Europe include engineering goods, refinery products, textiles, healthcare, IT services etc (exports) and precious metals and capital goods (imports).
In a research report, JPMorgan analysed companies that will likely be impacted the most from the recent currency-rate volatility, either by virtue of having direct operations in the Euro area or exporting to it. Excerpts.
Auto companies
Tata Motors  derives 70 percent of its revenues the British subsidiary JLR. However, within that, JLR derives 55 percent of its own revenues in the US dollar and so the euro’s depreciation would be beneficial to it. However, the gains from the same will be partially offset while consolidating JLR financials in INR as the Indian currency has strengthened against the euro/GBP.
Exports to Europe account for 25 percent of Bharat Forge ’s revenues. While  Motherson Sumi derives 80 percent of revenues from its Europe-based subsidiaries. While consolidating financials, the weaker Euro will impact Motherson's earnings (in rupee).
Metals & mining
The depreciation would be net positive for  Tata Steel as about 60 percent of its production is Europe-based and a weak euro would support local steel prices. It would however be a small negative for  Hindalco as about 10 percent of operating profit comes from Europe (from Novelis, which has presence across North America, Europe and Asia).
IT services and healthcare
There will be adverse translational revenue impact for companies of both sectors. Europe accounted for 33 percent, 30 percent, 30 percent and 25 percent of revenues for HCL Tech , TCS ,  Wipro and Infosys , respectively, in FY14.
Among pharmaceutical firms, Dr Reddy’s ,  Glenmark and  Lupin have 12 percent, 8 percent and 3 percent exposure.
Others
The depreciation would be minor negative for capital-goods firm Crompton Greaves , for which Europe comprises 45 percent of its international business and building products firm Havells , which could see some impact from its Sylvania operations. However, profits of both companies’ overseas businesses are small and so may not have a meaningful impact on overall earnings.
Travel operator  Cox & Kings is likely to witness a negative impact as 65 percent of its operating profit comes from UK travel and education business.
Tata Motors stock price
On November 21, 2014, Tata Motors closed at Rs 530.45, up Rs 5.80, or 1.11 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 550.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 331.05.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 59.58 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 8.90.
RELATED NEWS

Tech Mahindra signs multi-year contract with Finnish coOur growth strategy is around looking at some of the large renewals from tier I vendors
Rajesh Chandiramani
Head of Sales- Continental Europe
Tech Mahindra
Tech Mahindra has signed a multi-year contract with Finnish company Ahlstrom to manage its IT operations.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Rajesh Chandiramani, head of sales for Continental Europe at Tech Mahindra , said the deal size exceeds USD 50 million.
Under the agreement, Tech Mahindra has got into a 5-year contract, along with a 2-year extension, with Ahlstrom, a fiber-based materials company. Chandiramani said the company may see some pressure on margins on the back of deal.
Below is the transcript of Rajesh Chandiramani’s interview with Reema Tendulkar and Sumaira Abidi on CNBC-TV18.
Reema: Can you first tell us how big is this order? 
A: This contract which we signed with Finnish global manufacturing company is multi year. So, it is a five year plus an extension of two years where we are taking over their IT completely from the application and infrastructure globally. 
Ahlstrom is a global company which specialises in fibre products, fibre based material products which goes into filters, medical and diagnostics, wallpaper coverings. So, it is quite a diversified paper fibre based company and we are proud to establish this multi year deal where we are actually taking over their IT people and their assets and we will be managing their IT end-to-end. 
Sumaira: Would you be able to give us the size of the deal?
A: It is a multi million multiyear deal. Unfortunately from our customer perspective we have to not mention. However, it is a longer term full IT transformation engagement. 
Reema: Can you at least tell us if this is a large deal win for you’ll because you’ll typically classify a large deal as anything in excess of USD 50 million?
A: Absolutely, it will be much in excess of that. 
Reema: What about margins, are they inline with the company average and also since you are taking on IT people will margins and initial phase be lower because of investments as well as transition cost? 
A: These kind of deals where you have a longer term engagement and where you are taking over the professional, it behaves like any other large deal at the J-curve where there are initial investments to setup and take over the rapid and transform them. 
So, we try to maintain it in order to not have a bigger impact on overall EBITDA but it will be typical behaviour of any long-term for any IT company. 
Reema: In the initial space there will be some margin pressure because of this deal?
A: Yes because whenever you do a digital transformation and when you look at this multiyear contract, they are milestone based and outcome based. So, this is how we are looking at the engagement.
Sumaira: Could you tell us what your deal pipeline is looking like?
A: This particular win is a significant step forward in the same direction. So, our growth strategy is primarily around looking at some of the large renewals from the tier I vendors and winning as many as we can. So, it’s quite a good show.
Tech Mahindra stock price
On November 21, 2014, Tech Mahindra closed at Rs 2677.10, down Rs 27.1, or 1 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2719.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 1643.30.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 108.87 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 24.59. The latest book value of the company is Rs 364.71 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 7.34.
RELATED NEWS

MM slips 2%; Credit Suisse downgrades stockSep 23, 2014, 01.40 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
M&M slips 2%; Credit Suisse downgrades stock
The brokerage cut its earnings estimates by 5 percent, but raised target price to Rs 1,470 as the value of subsidiaries has gone up in line with the rest of the market.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
M&M slips 2%; Credit Suisse downgrades stock
The brokerage cut its earnings estimates by 5 percent, but raised target price to Rs 1,470 as the value of subsidiaries has gone up in line with the rest of the market.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Mahindra and Mahindra (M&M) fell as much as 1.8 percent intraday Tuesday after Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to neutral, citing unattractive valuations. However, the stock outperformed the market in the last three months (M&M up 18 percent versus Sensex up 8 percent in last three months).
The brokerage cut its earnings estimates by 5 percent, but raised target price to Rs 1,470 as the value of subsidiaries has gone up in line with the rest of the market.
Whilst volumes for the passenger vehicle (PV) industry are year-to-date up 5 percent YoY, Mahindra's PV volumes are down 13 percent Y-o-Y as the company has suffered from a lack of new launches. The company hopes to correct that with the launch of the Scorpio refresh (on September 25), says the brokerage.
The company has two new compact SUV launches in FY16 on the basis of which Credit Suisse is expecting M&M's utility vehicle (UV) volumes to grow at more than 20 percent in FY16. However with UV competition set to intensify significantly with players such as Maruti, Hyundai, Honda planning to enter the space, Mahindra will have to move up a notch on product quality, it adds.
At 12:43 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,352.00, down Rs 23.00, or 1.67 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Maharashtra polls: Options if Shiv Sena-BJP alliance breaks3
0
There seems to be a breakthrough in the seat sharing standoff between the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Shiv Sena as the nomination date in the Maharashtra Assembly elections nears. While the Shiv Sena has now agreed to BJP's demand for a 151-130 seat partnership, the bone of contention now lies in the Chief Ministerial issue.
All eyes are now on whether the 25-year-old alliance can survive this standoff as none of the two parties refuses to bow down. Following are the options if talks between the two parties fail:
The BJP and the Shiv Sena contested the last Assembly elections forming a non-Congress, non-NCP alliance called 'Mahayuti'. The Shiv Sena this time wants 151 seats while the BJP is sticking to its stand of 130. The Sena has now proposed to fight 151 seats and has agreed to the BJP's demand for 130 seats. However, the Sena wants its chief Uddhav Thackeray to be the CM candidate, while the BJP says the CM will be from the party that wins maximum seats.
In case the BJP and Sena decide to part ways, the smaller parties in the alliance have hinted that they will move towards either of the two big players.
- In case the BJP and Sena decide to part ways, the smaller parties in the alliance have hinted that they will move towards either of the two big players.
- Before the polls, the BJP has the option of tying up with Raj Thackeray's MNS.
- The NCP-Congress alliance talks also hinge on the BJP-Sena talks. The NCP may also go it alone if BJP and Shiv Sena decide to contest separately
However, one is talking about a 25-year-alliance. Here is a look back at where it all began:
- In 1989, the two parties formed an alliance after talks between late Bal Thackeray and late Pramod Mahajan.
- In 1995, the Sena-BJP alliance won the Assembly elections and formed the government.
- In 1999, Sena-BJP lost power to the Congress-NCP combine, but decided to stay together.
- In 2006, Bal Thackeray's newphew Raj formed the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena.
- In the 2009 Assembly elections, the BJP contested 119 seats and Shiv Sena 169.
- In 2012, the BJP tried to warm up to MNS.
- In 2014, the BJP-Sena alliance won 41 seats out of total 48 in the Lok Sabha elections.
0

Maharashtra polls: No breakthrough in BJP-Sena seat sharing talks  both stick to their demands20
0
Mumbai: Even after series of meetings, there have no breakthrough in the seat sharing talks between Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party for Maharashtra Assembly elections. Leaders of both parties met on Tuesday morning at the BJP headquarter to resolve the impasse.
Trouble has been brewing in the 25-year-old alliance as both parties have refused to budge on their demand of seats. Parties are hopeful of arriving at a consensus and will hold another round of meeting in the evening.
Both parties have also held a joint press conference signalling that all is well in the alliance and they might bow down in order to make last effort to save the alliance started by late Sena founder Bal Thackeray and late BJP leader Pramod Mahajan in 1986.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #shiv sena #bjp
The BJP had turned down the Sena's proposal of 119 seats and demanded 130 seats in the state polls. The Shiv Sena, however, made it clear that the BJP was not the giver but taker on this land and even warned of breaking the alliance.
On Sunday, the Shiv Sena made a new offer to the BJP by giving them 119 seats, other allies 18 and keeping 151 out of 288 seats for itself.
The Sena has been adamant on his stand of contesting on at least 150 seats.
Senior Sena leader Sanjay Raut said, "We will meet BJP leadership in the afternoon. We want to continue with alliance. Decision will be taken by today evening."
State BJP in-charge Rajiv Pratap Rudy had called the Sena proposal as very liberal.
He said, "We are ready to fight on 130 seats. We are also ready to fight on those seats which Sena has not won in the last 30 years. This is a very liberal proposal and hope Sena considers our proposal."
Late Union Minister Gopinath Munde's daughter Pankaja said, "When they (Bal Thackeray and Gopinath Munde) were alive, parties used to respect their decisions. I am sure same will happen this time."
Even though no final decision has been on the future of the 'Mahayuti' alliance, smaller allies will also play key role in the polls. In case BJP and Sena decide to part ways, the smaller parties in the alliance have hinted that they will move towards either of the two big players, who offer them maximum seats.
Before the polls, the BJP has the option of tying up with Raj Thackeray's MNS.
The decision on the BJP-Sena alliance will also seal the fate of 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance. The NCP might also contest alone if BJP and Shiv Sena decide to contest separately.
The BJP and Shiv Sena need to find a solution soon as the last date of filing nomination is September 27.
2

5th swine flu case detected in IndoreSep 23, 2014 at 02:03pm IST
5th swine flu case detected in Indore
11
0
Indore: With a 25-year-old woman testing positive for swine flu, the number of those infected with the H1N1 virus in the district this year has risen to five, a senior health official said.
The woman, a resident of Manikbagh area, was admitted to a private hospital on September 18 after she complained of cold and cough, Integrated Disease Surveillance Project (IDSP) district unit in-charge Dr G L Sodhi said.
Her swab samples were sent to a lab where it tested positive for swine flu, he said.
The number of those infected with the H1N1 virus in Indore has risen to five, a senior health official said.
#h1n1 virus #swine flu #integrated disease surveillance project
The woman's condition continues to remain serious, he said.
This year, five patients have so far tested positive for the deadly H1N1 virus in Indore, of which two succumbed to it, Sodhi added.
3

Over 3 500 babies born in hospitals in Kashmir during floodsSep 23, 2014 at 02:00pm IST
Over 3,500 babies born in hospitals in Kashmir during floods
13
2
Srinagar: More than 3,500 babies were born in government hospitals in Kashmir at the peak of devastating floods that affected most of the tertiary care hospitals in the Valley.
Nearly 2,300 normal deliveries and 1,260 Caesarean sections were conducted from September 4 to 20 in various hospitals of Kashmir which were functional during this period, an official spokesman said.
The spokesman said statistics now available show that 5,77,595 patients came to the OPDs in all the district hospitals across the Kashmir Valley during the fortnight ending September 20.
More than 3,500 babies were born in government hospitals in Kashmir at the peak of devastating floods.
#babies #jammu and kashmir floods #jammu and kashmir #district hospitals
"Nearly 34,600 patients were admitted for treatment while 1,435 major surgeries and 1,03,160 lab tests were conducted at these hospitals," he said.
During this period, 145 medical camps were set up, including 62 in Srinagar city, and essential medicine were provided in most of the areas, the spokesman said.
Despite having suffered losses to the tune of Rs 100 crore, the SMHS Hospital authorities set up a free medical camp in which patients suffering from diabetes, hypertension and other chronic ailments were given consultation and treatment.
The Bone and Joint Hospital Barzulla was made functional immediately after the floods. The out patient department of Lal Ded and G B Pant hospitals have been made functional after water was drained out and clean up operations conducted.
21

Tech Mahindra bags multi-million euro project from AhlstromTech Mahindra bags multi-million euro project from Ahlstrom
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
Country’s fifth largest software services major Tech Mahindra has bagged a multi-million euro agreement from Finnish firm Ahlstrom to manage its IT operations.
Ahlstrom is a high performance fibre-based materials company with net sales from the continuing operations amounting to 1 billion euros in 2013. It has 3,500 employees serving customers in 24 countries.
As part of the deal, about 50 Ahlstrom IT employees globally are planned to move to Tech Mahindra under a business transfer agreement.
The multi-year, multi-million euro agreement will help Ahlstrom increase efficiency, harmonise service levels and lower IT costs, Tech Mahindra said in a statement.
The planned transfer of employees is expected to take place on December 1, 2014, subject to country specific conditions, it added.
“The arrangement will allow us to build more harmonised IT portfolio with a lower cost. In addition, it provides interesting career and professional development opportunities for the people being retained at Ahlstrom and for those being transferred to our alliance,” Kristiina Lammila, Vice President, Information Solutions, Ahlstrom said.
Tech Mahindra generates 31 per cent of its revenues from Europe. It has a presence in 20 countries and employs over 2,900 professionals.
“Finland is a very important and strategic market for us.
This agreement will help us provide a wide array of future opportunities for the Ahlstrom IT professionals globally while helping us with enabling our innovative service offerings for the customers in the region,” Rajesh Chandiramani, Head of Enterprise Business — Continental Europe, Tech Mahindra said.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Investments in Hindi entertainment channels are more calibrated: Viacom 18 CEOAjita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: September 24, 2014  | 11:10 IST
Viacom 18 CEO Sudhanshu Vats
Sudhanshu Vats, CEO, Viacom 18, believes that Indian consumers have an inexhaustible appetite for content. In a conversation with Ajita Shashidhar, Vats talks in detail about why he thinks launching more channels, especially Hindi general entertainment channels, makes good business sense for broadcasters. Excerpts:
 
Q- Why are broadcasters launching so many Hindi General Entertainment Channels (GECs)?
A- My own judgement is, as the Indian media and entertainment market grows, one of the ways to grow will be through segmentation. There will be need for more and more targeted offerings in order to capture all of India.
Q- But aren't we segmenting by launching a whole host of special interest channels?
A- Segmentation is at various levels. The most fundamental segmentation in an Indian context is in terms of language, which is where regional GECs have come up. That is already a 10-plus year phenomena. Most broadcasters already have an offering as far as regional channels are concerned. So, that itself is a segmentation which basically is language led. That has been very successful and has indeed managed to grow markets. So, first it was South India, which has very distinct languages, then it was Bengali, which is a large market now. The most recent has been Marathi, where there is a largish overlap with Hindi, but the market is growing.
The other way to look at segmentation is what we have done in the kids space. We used to have one kids channel called Nick. We now have Sonic, which is action and adventure targeted at kids above  eight. Then we have Nick Junior, which is pre-school. We are now beginning to see traction. So, there is some gestation in investment. But is there light at the end of the tunnel? Unequivocally so. Now, Sonic has advertisers on board.
We have also done MTV Indies, which is celebrating an entire independent culture. Again, early days, but I am sure it is absolutely the right thing to do and we will see traction as we go forward. So, segmentation in general is something that will stay.
There is scope for audience segmentation even in the GECs. In Colors, for instance, over the last couple of years, we have experimented within sub-genres. We have been very successful in comedy with Comedy Nights With Kapil. We have also looked at crime. Within the GECs there is room for classic saas-bahu, comedy, crime, youth romance. We are all trying that space. In general, where I am coming from, is this macro theme of segmentation.
Let me now step back and talk to you why I think fundamentally it's the right thing to do. If you look at the consumer lens, you will see that India is becoming more and more urban, at least in its thinking. They may not be necessarily residing in urban India, but in terms of thinking, they are becoming urban. Urbanisation is also on the growth path. So, there is growth in income and growth in literacy/education, which leads to stronger development of individual identity. We were a very collective cultural society, which is going to move towards individual identity. We will remain family-centric, but there will be a dialling up of individual identity. As individual identity gets dialled up, people want to consume what they want to consume, that is where the entire piece of segmentation is very important. So, it comes from two lenses - one, it is a very diverse country, so you need to cater to different constituencies, but there is also a latent desire within a so-called homogenous segment which wants customised content. Segmentation is also getting enabled by screens. We keep saying India is a single TV household country, but that is a flawed way of looking at it, as India is a multi-screen country. There are smartphones, iPads, laptops. Technically, you can consume content on all these screens.
Even in TV per se, almost 12 per cent of India is now more than one TV household. This will roughly translate to a third of urban India. So, a third of urban India already has more than one TV, if you were to be myopic to look at only TV. Therefore, is there room for us to beam more content? The answer is an unequivocal yes.
Lastly, is there capacity to carry all this content? That is where digitisation comes in. Digitisation expands the pipe to carry content. The development of 3G and 4G allows you to carry content from a Wi-Fi perspective. So, between a Wi-Fi and digitisation context, I think there is now capacity being built to carry that content.
 
Q- But why more Hindi GECs? In 2008, a host of new channels were launched, of which only Colors survived. What has changed today?
A- Within Hindi GECs, is there room for more than one GEC? To me, the answer is yes. It is different from 2008 on two counts: A lot of this action this time is from existing broadcasters, and they in my judgement bring in greater knowledge and experience as they have been around for long. The second thing they bring in is much better understanding of the business model, and the third thing they bring in is the area where you can look whether there are any synergies and how they can be calibrated. So the approach is a little more calibrated. In 2008, there were newer players, because their understanding was that the market will expand in a big way and the attempt was to challenge the existing players. It was also more of the same in terms of content, but this time around it is a little bit more targeted.
The other piece is being able to cater to a more metro-centric audience and rest of the audience. Our second offering is free-to-air, which is a model that caters to the rest of the audience. We are trying to make it holistic. Rishtey consists of marquee Colors shows, quality kids programming, a music block and the fourth piece is the leading non-fiction programming.
Q- Are you looking at doing original programming for Rishtey?
A- We have to see as it evolves.
 
Q- Most broadcasters are doing original content for their newer channels unlike you. Creating new content is an expensive proposition. Won't it hurt profitability?
A- It is a little risky, but it depends on two things. It depends on the business model that you device. In this case, I think they do want to have both the revenue streams of advertising and subscription and their judgement is that it is possible over a period of time to garner sufficient eyeballs to have a business model . The gestation of this business may be a little high. They might be calibrating the investment in the sense that the number of original hours of programming will slowly be built. So, if today there is six hours of original programming on the existing GECs, it will be lesser in the newer channels. The per-episode content cost may be lower than the flagship channel.
In content there is always risk, but if you hedge the risk and there is a sensible way which allows you to do things in a more calibrated fashion, the answer is yes. That's the most fundamental difference this time around.
Q- How has been the advertiser response to Rishtey?
A- To be honest, our signal is a few months old. As of now, the response has been good, but [these are] early days, as we still need to see how we further stabilise this as we move forward.
Q- One of the major reasons why most broadcasters are launching newer channels is because of digitisation. However, the yield from digitisation in terms of subscription revenue has been far from satisfactory. Won't it effect the profitability of new launches?
A- Digitisation in India is half complete. If you look at Phase I and II, digitisation of the signal has happened. Therefore, the boxes have got seeded, but what hasn't happened is addressability and education of the consumer to dial up the user experience to the next level. This is because you don't have subscription information as you need to have.
 
The second thing that has not happened is the education of the consumer from the point of view of packaging of channels, how do you source it and so on. If you do it well, it will empower the consumer considerably - both in the way they take the content and the way they experience content and navigate. That's the piece we need to work on.
Will there be a longer wait for an individual channel to be profitable? The answer is yes. It's going to be complicated as digitisation has not happened as one would have expected it to have. Therefore, subscription revenues may take even longer to come on to some of these newer channels.
Having said that, one needs to look at profitability from two ways - we got to look at profitability at a granular level, which is individual channels, individual programmes. But you also have to look at the profitability of the entire bouquet and I think as long as the organisation has the appetite to take that risk, they will want to go ahead and invest. That's why they will invest in a more calibrated fashion.
Q- I am told that carriage fees continue to be high. Won't that adds to costs, again making it unviable for the new launches?
A- If you launch a channel in the current environment do you need to pay carriage fee, the answer is yes. Is it another cost item one needs to bear, yes. But if you have good content it will find platforms, viewers and can be monetised.

BJD fields Hemendras widow as candidate for Kandhamal LSseatPress Trust of India | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:37 pm
On Tuesday, the ruling BJD  declared late Hemendra Chandra Singh’s widow Pratyusha Rajeswari Singh as its candidate for the October-15 by-election in Kandhamal Lok Sabha seat which fell vacant following the death of her husband.
“The wife of late Hemendra Singh, who was Member of Parliament from Kandhamal constituency, Pratyusha Rajeswari Singh has been chosen as the candidate for the Kandhamal by-election,” Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik told reporters here.
“He (Hemendra) has a very good reputation for the hard work. She will continue the good work for the people of Kandhamal,” Patnaik said.
Pratyusha, who hailed from a royal family in Nepal, was married to Hemendra Singh of Nayagarh royal family.
“I thank Naveenji for choosing me as the party candidate, I’ll serve the people of Kandhamal and fulfil the dream of my husband,” Pratysha said.
Pratyusha had met the Patnaik three days ago and informed him about her willingness to contest the polls.
Pratyusha’s name was announced by Patnaik, a day after BJP named former BJD MP Rudra Madhav Ray as its candidate for the seat.
While BJD and BJP have already announced their candidates for the by-poll, opposition Congress is yet to make any decision.
The by-election was necessitated following the death of Hemendra Singh on September 5.

David Cameron to meet Iran president Hassan Rouhani for help against IslamicStateCameron is expected to ask Rouhani to drop his support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and to urge him to join the international coalition against IS. (Source: AP)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:35 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 2:38 pm
British Prime Minister David Cameron will meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani in the next two days in New York and ask him for help to fight Islamic State , the first meeting between leaders of the two nations since Tehran’s 1979 Islamic revolution.
Cameron will meet Rouhani on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly, a source in the British leader’s office told Reuters, speaking after the United States and Arab partners struck IS targets inside Syria.
Cameron is in New York to try to bolster international action against IS and to clarify his own country’s position when it comes to air strikes, something London has so far held off participating in.
Cameron is expected to ask Rouhani to drop his support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, to tell him that developing nuclear weapons is unacceptable, and to urge him to join the international coalition against IS.
Britain said in June it would reopen its embassy in Tehran after a hiatus of more than two and a half years after relations between the two countries began to thaw after last year’s election of Rouhani, a man London considers a relative moderate.
Islamic State, an extremist Sunni Muslim force, has seized large expanses of territory in Iraq and Syria and proclaimed a caliphate erasing borders in the heart of the Middle East.
Cameron is also expected to hold talks with U.S. President Barack Obama in New York about the possibility of Britain joining air strikes against IS, something he has signalled he would need the approval of the British parliament to do.

Jolla launches its first Sailfish smartphone in India at Rs16 499Print
The Jolla smartphone runs on a 1.4 GHz dual-core Qualcomm processor and Sailfish OS along with 1 GB RAM and 16 GB internal memory.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:32 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 4:48 pm
Finnish startup company Jolla, founded by former Nokia employees, has launched its first smartphone running Sailfish operating system in India. Jolla boasts it to be a button-less phone and provides a gesture-based experience.
Priced at Rs. 16,400, the smartphone runs on a 1.4 GHz dual-core Qualcomm processor along with 1 GB RAM and 16 GB internal memory which can be expanded up to 32 GB via microSD card. Jolla has partnered exclusively with Snapdeal.com to sell its Sailfish smartphone in India.
The Jolla smartphone comes with a 4.5-inch qHD 5-point multi-touch display with Gorilla 2 glass protection. It mounts an 8 MP auto focus rear camera with LED flash at the back along with a 2 MP camera in the front.
Sailfish OS is built on an open platform and is based on the abandoned MeeGo project founded by Intel and Nokia. It supports Android apps and comes with Instagram, Facebook, WhatsApp, Twitter and users can download other Android apps via Yandex and Aptoide Stores along with other Android marketplaces.
The smartphone heavily depends on gestures and has no navigation buttons. Another interesting feature is that the phone comes in two halves. Jolla calls the rear half as “The Other Half” and claims it to be more than just a back cover. These are smart covers which can automatically change the colour theme, wallpaper, font along with some tweaks to the UI when changed. Jolla will look forward to further innovate this segment to even include solar panels.
Specs:
4.5-inch IPS qHD 5-point multi-touch display Gorilla 2 Glass protection
Qualcomm dual core 1.4 GHz processor
1GB RAM
Sailfish OS with Android app compatibity
8 megapixel AF camera with LED flash
2 megapixel front-facing camera
16 GB internal storage expandable up to 32 GB via microSD card
Sensors: Proximity, Accelerometer, Gyro, E-compass, Ambient light
Micro SIM

Tech Mah bags multi-million euro project fro...Tech Mahindra bags multi-million euro project from Ahlstrom
ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 05.32AM IST
(Ahlstrom is a high performance fibre-based materials…)
MUMBAI: Tech Mahindra, the information technology unit of the Mahindra Group, said it signed a five-year IT deal with Finland's Ahlstrom under which it will absorb about 50 Ahlstrom employees.
The deal is an end-to-end IT services contract, including parts of infrastructure management and application development and maintenance services. Tech Mahindra did not disclose the financial terms but a person with knowledge of the matter said it is worth about $50 million over the course of the contract.
"Finland is a very important and strategic market for us. This agreement will help us...with enabling our innovative service offerings for the customers in the region," Rajesh Chandiramani, Tech Mahindra's head of enterprise business for Continental Europe, said in a statement. The transition of the employees is scheduled to take place on December 1.
Tech Mahindra generates about a third of its revenue from Europe and employs about 2,900 people there. The company has said expanding in the continent and winning more deals in Europe will be a key part of its strategy to achieve its $5 billion revenue target by 2015. Tech Mahindra reported revenue of $3.2 billion in fiscal 2014 ended on March 31.
"The company has been saying that they are seeing larger deals in their pipeline in Europe and that the business conditions there are improving," an analyst with a Mumbai-based brokerage said. "This is a good sign. But they need more and bigger deals to get to $5 billion."
FEATURED ARTICLES

AAI to showcase 29 airports at global event ...You are here: Home > Collections > Aai
Airports Authority of India to showcase 29 airports at global event in US
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 02.23PM IST
Tags:
Airports Authority of India
(AAI signed an agreement…)
NEW DELHI: Aiming at enhancing connectivity in different parts of the country, Airports Authority of India (AAI) is showcasing 29 metro and non-metro airports for domestic and global airlines to start operations from there.
AAI officials, attending an ongoing conference of the World Routes Development Forum in Chicago, have held discussions with global airline and airport representatives informing them that these airports, many of them in remote areas, were being modernised to enhance air connectivity, AAI spokesperson said here.
The annual Routes event attracts top representatives from a wide variety of organisations, including airlines and airports, who meet, plan and conduct business for new global routes.
AAI also signed an agreement with US Trade & Development Agency ( USTDA ) last week for development of Aviation Security Equipment Testing and Evaluation Programme.
It would enable AAI and Bureau of Civil Aviation Security to create standards, specifications and testing procedures specific to Indian standards of aviation security and align it with international best practices for security equipment like scanners for baggage and passengers, computed tomography X-ray explosive detection system and body scanners.
While 50 no-frill airports have been identified for modernisation and development, the AAI is focusing on 29 of them at the World Routes conference.
These airports are at Amritsar, Chandigarh, Jaipur, Lucknow, Leh, Srinagar, Varanasi, Bhubaneswar, Gaya, Kolkata , Port Blair , Ranchi, Raipur , Guwahati, Ahmedabad, Aurangabad, Bhopal , Indore, Goa, Pune, Surat, Chennai, Coimbatore, Calicut, Madurai, Mangalore, Trivandrum, Trichy and Visakhapatnam.
An AAI spokesperson said the state-run airports body has been playing a key role in implementing the government's focus on development of airport infrastructure in Tier-II and III cities and building no-frill airports.
Work on five airports at Teju ( Arunachal Pradesh ), Jharsuguda (Odisha), Hubli and Belgaum (Karnataka) and Kishangarh (Rajasthan) was also likely to start soon, the AAI officials told the foreign airlines and airports officials.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Falls 350 points  Realty Stocks CrackYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply Amid Broad Decline
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 15:18 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty slumped over 1.5 per cent in late trade amid broad selling pressure. All the sectoral indices on the BSE were in the red with realty, banking, metal stocks particularly witnessing strong selling pressure.
At 3:08 p.m., the Sensex fell 430 points to 26,776 while Nifty slumped 125 points to 8,020.
Shrikant Chouhan, technical analyst at Kotak Securities, said he expects Nifty to remain in the 7980-8070 zone in the near term. The selloff could accelerate if Nifty falls below 7980, he adds.
The BSE realty index fell nearly 5 per cent to be the biggest loser among BSE sectoral indices. Unitech fell over 9 per cent while DLF slumped over 6 per cent to be the biggest loser among Nifty stocks.
The BSE midcap and smallcap indices fell nearly close to 2 per cent.
Buying by foreign investors slowed down in the past week with foreign institutional investors (FIIs) selling on average Rs 73 crore per day between September 16-19. In comparison, their average daily buying during September 9-15 stood at Rs 393 crore and during September 1-8 at Rs 990 crore.
Among major Nifty losers, Tata Motors, Cipla, Hindalco, and ONGC were down over 2 per cent.
Besides profit-taking, weak global markets also weighed on Indian markets. Most of the Asian markets ended in the red after a survey in China showed factory employment slumped to a 5-1/2-year low, offsetting benefits from the same survey showing China's factory sector beat expectations. Indian markets were also cautious ahead of the expiry of monthly derivatives contracts on Thursday.
European shares were lower in early trade. In its monthly survey, financial information company Markit said Tuesday that its purchasing managers' index for the eurozone - a gauge of business activity - fell to a nine-month low of 52.3 in September from the previous month's 52.5. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 15:18 (IST)

Electronics giant Philips to split in historic moveElectronics giant Philips to split in historic move
This man will help Modi govt to transform Indian businessesHi Guest
This man will help Modi govt to transform Indian businesses
Adil Zainulbhai. Photograph: Kind Courtesy, McKinsey  Adil Zainulbhai may have retired as the chairman of McKinsey India in 2012 but his life seems to be only gathering pace. For starters, the Mumbai resident stayed on at the firm as a senior advisor. Since 2013, he has steadily found a place on the boards of several important companies: conglomerate Reliance Industries, drug maker Cipla, media powerhouse Network18 and engineering giant Larsen & Toubro. Roles as advisor or director at ...

Lessons learned 6 months into worst Ebola outbreakLessons learned 6 months into worst Ebola outbreak
Tech Mahindra up 2% on long term contract with Finnish coTech Mahindra up 2% on long term contract with Finnish co
Monsoon starts withdrawing from northwest regionMonsoon starts withdrawing from northwest region
Local organisers adamant 2022 WC will be held in Qatar despite FIFA member s doubtsLocal organisers adamant 2022 WC will be held in Qatar despite FIFA member s doubts
Geometric may test Rs 190: Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Geometric may test Rs 190: Manas Jaiswal
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com is of the view that Geometric may test Rs 190.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, "Many midcap IT stocks are buzzing in last three-four trading sessions but today  Geometric  has given clear breakout above Rs 160. The stock has broken the 2007 high of Rs 147 in the month of May. Thereafter it was trading in a range of Rs 160 and Rs 140 but today it has given a clear breakout with very good volumes. So the technical target comes at Rs 210 but for short-term one can play for target of Rs 190 and the stoploss should be Rs 162."
At 14:12 hrs Geometric was quoting at Rs 164.00, up Rs 11.95, or 7.86 percent. It has touched a 52-week high of Rs 174.30.
RELATED NEWS

Buy TVS Motor Company: Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy TVS Motor Company: Manas Jaiswal
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com recommends buying TVS Motor Company with a target of Rs 240.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, "The auto sector is the flavour of the market right now and my pick is  TVS Motor Company . The stock made a high of Rs 242 few days back, thereafter it corrected, took support near to its previous rally and recovered smartly. Today it has broken the resistance of Rs 224 and on the intraday chart it has given a clear breakout of an inverse head and shoulder pattern."
"We may see further recovery in TVS Motor, it can test Rs 240 again, so one can buy the stock with a stoploss of Rs 218," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Buy L&T Finance Holdings: Rahul Mohinder01:30 pm
Rahul Mohindar of viratechindia.com told CNBC-TV18, "Around Rs 70-71 mark it makes sense to buy  L&T Finance Holdings . I clearly see a long term strength in the stock. The level of Rs 60-65 has been very solid long term support and hence I would buy the stock and Rs 68 being the stoploss. In the near term over the next couple of weeks you might see the levels of Rs 77-78 come in. So that could be bought for the short term."
At 14:41 hrs L&T Finance Holdings was quoting at Rs 70, up Rs 0.70, or 1.01 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 72 and an intraday low of Rs 69.90.
RELATED NEWS

People drink more alcohol on gym days: StudyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nifty heading to snap four day winning streakNifty heading south, likely to snap four-day winning streak
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 02:43 PM IST
Markets slumped in late noon trades, amid weak European cues, weighed down by profit taking in oil and financial shares along with Tata Motors which had surged in the previous session.
At 2:40PM, Sensex is trading at 26,861 down 345 points while NIfty has shed 101 points at 8,045.
The BSE Mid Cap and Small Cap indices underperformed the benchmark indices down 1.3% and 1.6%, respectively.
Asian shares were trading mixed on Tuesday as better-than-expected data from China surprised market participants. Meanwhile, financial markets in Japan were closed for a public holiday on account Autumn Equinox.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for China in September increased to 50.5, from 50.2 in August easing worries of a contraction.
However, European shares were trading sharply lower after data showed that both manfacturing and services in September expanded at its slowest pace this year, raising concerns that the economy in the continent continues to struggle. The CAC-40, DAX and FTSE-100 were down 0.8-1.2% each.
The rupee is trading at 60.94 compared to Monday's close of 60.82 tracking weakness in equities and sale by foreign investors in the previous session.
On the sectoral front, BSE Realty is the top loser down over 4.2%. Further, BSE Metal, Capital Goods and Oil & Gas indices are down over 2%. Bankex has lost 1.5%.
In the metal pack, Hindalco is the top loser down 2% followed by Tata Steel, Coal India and Sesa Sterlite down between 0.3-1.5% shrugging off the encouraging manufacturing data from China. The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2.
Index Heavyweight Tata Motors which gained nearly 4% as analysts remained on bullish on the stock has lost 1.5% in today’s trade. Also, M&M has dipped nearly 2% after Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "outperform" saying the company's valuations are no longer "attractive". However, Maruti Suzuki and Hero Motocorp are up nearly 1%
In the Oil & gas space, ONGC, RIL and GAIL have declined between 1-2% on uncertainty on Gas price hike.
In the financial segment, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and HDFC twins lost between 0.5-1.5%.
Commercial real estate developer DLF lost more than 4% after BNP Paribas downgraded DLF stock to "reduce" from "hold".
L&T, Cipla and Bharti Airtel are some of the notable names in red down between 1-2%.
On the flip side, shares of information technology (IT) are in demand after the S&P BSE IT index hit a record high in otherwise subdued market. Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), HCL Technologies and MindTree have hit their respective lifetime highs. Following the tandem, Wipro and Infosys have surged between 0.6-2.5%.
Fresh buying is visible in the FMCG space with ITC and HUL up 1%.
The government has withdrawn the drug pricing authority's powers that allowed it to fix the prices of medicines not deemed essential. The move comes after industry protests against the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) decision to impose price caps on more than 100 drugs. Dr Reddy’s Lab is up nearly 1% while Sun Pharma is trading flat with a positive bias.

This day  that year: India s greatest Test finish0
THE FATEFUL MOMENT: Matthews bowls to Maninder.
Over two thousand Test matches have been played since 1877. Only two have ended in a tie. The first was the 1962 Brisbane Test between Australia and the West Indies. Twenty-four years later, the second happened in Madras between the hosts and Australia.
The mid-80s was a significant period in Australian cricket. They were rebuilding the team under Allan Border. Their previous visits to India had been marred by riots, instances of Delhi Belly, and problems of accommodation. Under Border, the young team wanted to display its resilience and overcome these difficulties. They wanted to play hard. And it was under these circumstances that they played a game that would prove life-altering for most players from either side.
On the other hand, India were world champions. They were coming back from England with a 2-0 win. It was an experienced side, considerably more accomplished than their opponents. Kapil Dev was in his second stint as captain. It was a fruitful time in Indian cricket.
‘MOST APPALLING CONDITIONS’
Australia won the toss and chose to bat. Coach Bob Simpson described the five hot, humid days as the “most appalling” he’d ever seen. The effects of the heat would be seen very soon – most famously on Dean Jones. He was embarking on one of the gutsiest Test innings ever. But the euphoria of his first Test hundred would soon give way soon to dehydration, cramping, vomitting, and involuntary urination.
‘NEARLY KILLED JONES’
Jones wanted to retire. But Border threw him a line about bringing out a tough Queenslander out to bat. This had the necessary effect on Jones who pushed on for a double century before getting out for 210. He was in such a bad state afterwards, he had to be rushed to a hospital. He later learnt he had lost seven kilos in a day. Border thought he had killed him. Meanwhile, Australia declared on 574, with Border also getting a hundred. India began well with Krishnamachari Srikkanth and Mohammad Azharuddin getting fifties. But some sloppy shots cost India as they finished Day 2 270-7, in danger of following on. Then, Kapil Dev played an innings that would make even Kapil Dev proud.
A TENSE CHASE
Australia closed their second innings on 170. It gave India the whole of the final day to get 348. And Sunil Gavaskar produced one of his top Test knocks: a stroke-filled 90. But he got out, Kapil Dev followed soon, and India needed about 150 in the final session. In came Ravi Shastri, the vice captain of the team, with intent to win the game. But things were getting tougher as the session progressed.
THINGS GET UGLY
The Madras heat was still unmerciful. The game was getting tighter by the minute. And tempers started to fly. Wicketkeeper Tim Zoehrer was having a go at the Indians. There was one incident where Chetan Sharma threatened to put his bat handle up Zoehrer’s you-know-where, and Zoehrer bent over willing Sharma on. Meanwhile, umpire Dara Dotiwala was reprimanding Border for his slow over rate. And Ravi Shastri was trying to stop them from wasting time. He still had his eyes on a win. And that became just a little bit tougher when last-man Maninder singh walked out with three runs remaining.
VIKRAM RAJU STEALS THE SHOW
It was supposed to be Greg Matthews’ moment. He had bowled nearly 40 overs unchanged in that heat with two jumpers on. He was his way of telling everyone he was going to win the game or die trying. It was supposed to Ravi Shastri’s moment. He had batted brilliantly for 48 – a knock that had kept the pressure on Border and got India within a run of a famous win. But it was umpire V. Vikram Raju who stole the limelight. Fourth ball of the final over with the scores tied, Maninder lunged forward to the ball from Matthews. There was a connection. Pad. Maybe bat. Border leapt at the ball at silly point. Matthews appealed. And Raju shot his finger up so fast, it should have caused a sonic boom.
Was it LBW? Did Maninder get some bat on it? It didn’t matter. What mattered were performances that every cricketer who played the game would forever be proud of. Performances, that people are not going to forget in a hurry. As the not-out batsman would have said, cricket was the winner in the end. The following year, Australia returned to India to lift the World Cup, and began its journey on total domination of world cricket for the next 20 years — the journey that, some would argue, began that day in Madras.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Public sector banks must raise Rs 2.2 lakh cr for implementing Basel III: MoodysPublic sector banks must raise Rs 2.2 lakh cr for implementing Basel III: Moody’s
Beena Parmar
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 22:  
Major public sector banks in India will need to raise Rs 1,50,000 crore to Rs 2,20,000 crore ($26-$37 billion) between FY2015 and the full implementation of Basel III in FY 2019, said Moody’s in a report.
The rating agency estimated that public sector Indian banks that it rates could need that external capital, assuming a moderate recovery in India's GDP growth, and a gradual decline in non-performing loans from current levels.
Moody's rates 11 public sector banks, representing 62 per cent of net loans in the Indian banking system.
"Indian public sector banks barely meet current minimum capital requirements, and we anticipate that they will find it difficult to raise capital quickly in the current environment," said Gene Fang, Moody's Vice-President.
Banks may tap the equity markets to raise capital, but with still-low bank valuations, they could struggle to raise the required amount. That's even with the recent rally in Indian stock prices, the report highlighted.
Required capital
Moody's noted that a significant part of the required capital — around Rs 80,000 crore to Rs 90,000 crore ($13 to $15 billion) could be in the form of Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital.
Basel III raises the minimum required capital levels for both total Tier 1 to 7.0 per cent and Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital to 5.5 per cent, and banks will also need to meet a Capital Conservation Buffer to pay dividends. That will pressure the Indian public sector banks, as low capital levels remain a key credit weakness, Moody's said.
"Weak asset quality has depressed profitability and internal capital generation, leaving public sector banks reliant on periodic capital injections from the government," added Fang.
"With Prime Minister Narendra Modi's new administration looking to reduce the country's budget deficit, the amount available for such injections is not likely to grow."
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

PSU banks need $37 bn fresh capital to meet Basel IIIPSU banks need $37 billion fresh capital to meet Basel III norms, says Moody's
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 18:01 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Public sector banks in the country will need to raise up to US $37 billion over the next 4-5 years to meet Basel III compliance norms, credit rating agency Moody's said on Monday.
The estimate is based on assumptions that there would be a moderate recovery in the economy and a gradual decline in the non-performing loans from the current levels.
"Our rated public-sector banks in the country will need to raise Rs 1.5-2.2 trillion, (US $26-37 billion) between FY15 and the full implementation of Basel III in FY19," Moody's said in a report titled, 'Indian banks could need USD 26-37 billion in external capital for Basel III compliance'.
A significant part of the required capital - Rs 800-900 billion (US $13-15 billion) - could be in the form of additional tier I (AT1) capital.
The rating agency rates 11 public sector banks in the country, representing 62 per cent of net loans in the banking system.
Basel III raises the minimum required levels for both total tier I capital to 7 per cent and common equity tier I (CETI) capital to 5.5 per cent. They will also need to meet a capital conservation buffer in order to pay dividends.
"Public sector banks barely meet current minimum capital requirements, and we anticipate that they will find it difficult to raise capital quickly in the current environment," Moody's Vice President Gene Fang said.
According to Moody's, low capital levels remain a key credit weakness for the public-sector banks.
Fang said weak asset quality has depressed profitability and internal capital generation, leaving state-run banks reliant on periodic capital injections from the government.
"With Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration looking to reduce the budget deficit , the amount available for such injections is not likely to grow," he added.
Moody's said banks may tap the equity markets to raise capital, but with still-low bank valuations, banks could struggle to raise the required amount.

BofA-ML sees country s CAD down at 1.7% in FY15BofA-ML sees country's current fiscal CAD down at 1.7 per cent
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 19:59 IST
Photo: Reuters
The nation's current account deficit (CAD) is likely to narrow down to 1.7 per cent of GDP this fiscal but may widen to 2.3 per cent in FY16, says a report.
"We have cut down our FY15 current account deficit forecast to 1.7 per cent of GDP from 2.6 per cent earlier as it does not look like New Delhi will remove gold import restrictions in the near future," according to the report by Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BofA-ML).
In the quarter ended June, CAD , which indicates imports of goods services and transfer are higher than their exports, stood at $7.8 billion, or 1.7 per cent of GDP.
The report expects the deficit to widen to a fundable 2.3 per cent of GDP in FY16, once gold imports are eased.
The US brokerage said its estimates assume that oil price will settle at $108 a barrel in FY16, although it is currently trading much lower at $98 a barrel and gold rates will stabilise at $1,375 per ounce in the next fiscal.
In terms of capital inflows, BofA-ML has forecast a rise in FDI flows to $25 billion from $ 20 billion and portfolio investments to $35 billion from $ 25 billion.
The report said the Reserve Bank of India needs to build foreign exchange reserves of $373 billion by March 2016 to maintain the present eight-month import cover.
"Including the forwards, the forex reserves currently stand at about $350 billion, assuming the $26 billion raised via the FCNR-B swaps last year are rolled over. This implies the RBI has to buy $23 billion more by March 2016.
The brokerage expects the central bank to continue to buy forex over 58 levels to guard against contagion as done by previous Governors Bimal Jalan and Y V Reddy. Building forex reserves would allow the RBI to cut rates.
The report further said the rupee is likely to end 2014 at 61 per dollar as against the earlier expectation of 60, despite a strong greenback. BofA-ML revised its end-2015 rupee-dollar forecast to 60 from 64 earlier.
"The RBI will likely maintain its 58-62 'range of tolerance' for the rupee until it is able to build up sufficient forex reserves - close to 10 months' import cover - which looks unlikely over our forecast horizon," the report concluded.

MCX Gets Till November 2 to Appoint New Managing Director  CEOYou are here: Home Corporates
MCX Gets Till November 2 to Appoint New Managing Director, CEO
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 22, 2014 21:51 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) has been given time till November 2 to appoint a new Managing Director and CEO.
"...we have received letter...dated 22nd September from our regulator FMC informing their approval for extension of time for a period of two months till 2nd November 2014, for appointment of MD and CEO of the exchange," the commodity bourse said in a filing to the BSE.
The position has been lying vacant since the first week of May this year when Manoj Vaish resigned citing health reasons.
At present, MCX's executive vice president, P K Singhal, has been given the charge of MD.
MCX has called its annual general meeting on Tuesday where shareholders' approval would be sought to appoint Singhal as joint managing director.
Mr Vaish had joined MCX on February 1, replacing Shreekant Javalgekar, who stepped down following the Rs 5,600-crore payment crisis at FTIL's subsidiary National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL) that surfaced in July.
Earlier this month, the regulator had said that MCX would be allowed to roll out contracts for all 12 months of 2015 once the full divestment of Jignesh Shah-led Financial Technologies in MCX takes place as per the regulatory norms.
Kotak Mahindra Bank has acquired a 15 per cent stake in MCX for Rs 459 crore from Jignesh Shah-led FTIL.
Shares in MCX, on Monday, ended at Rs 824.05 apiece on the BSE, down 0.99 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 21:26 (IST)

US and allies begin air strikes in SyriaUS says attacks on Isis could last years
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d21407a2-42c4-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

War on terror by any other nameAmerica’s perpetual war on terror by any other name
By Edward Luce
If you embark on something with your eyes half-open, you are likely to lose sight of reality
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f850056-38ee-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China s Sept factory activity picks up on stronger ordersChina's Sept factory activity edges up on stronger orders, employment shrinks
Jake Spring     Beijing   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 11:03 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
China's manufacturing sector activity unexpectedly picked up in September even as factory employment slumped to a five-and-a-half-year low, a survey showed on Tuesday, a potential source of worry for Communist leaders who prize social stability above all else.
The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2.
Total new orders rose, and new export orders also climbed to their highest level since March 2010.
The overall output level remained flat on the month, while output prices fell to a six-month low.
Economists polled by Reuters had expected factory growth to stall at 50, the level which separates expansion in activity from contraction, citing a further deterioration in business confidence and the rapidly cooling property market.
But a measure of employment shed more than a point to drop to 46.9, its lowest since February 2009 during the global financial crisis, when a collapse in exports threw tens of millions of Chinese out of work.
A hefty drop in employment could raise alarm bells for the Chinese government, which has indicated it will tolerate slower economic growth as long as employment is not affected.
"The picture is mixed, with new orders and new export orders registering some improvement. Meanwhile, the employment index declined further and disinflationary pressure intensified," said Qu Hongbin, an economist at HSBC.
Finance Minister Lou Jiwei said at the weekend he would not dramatically alter policy because of any one economic indicator, cooling any speculation of swift, aggressive action, but like many economists Qu said he continues to expect China will further relax its monetary policy over time.
Most Asian stock markets and the Australian dollar clawed back some of their early losses after the PMI report, while Shanghai stocks rose.
Despite a raft of stimulus measures earlier this year, China's economy - which is also the world's second-largest - has stumbled as a slowdown in the housing market further undermined already softening domestic demand, while exports have faltered.
Worries that China was slipping into a deeper funk heightened this month when data showed factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August as growth in other key sectors also cooled.
China's urban unemployment rate was nearly 4.1 per cent at the end of June, though many economists believe the real number may be much higher given its army of migrant workers.
However, employment index aside, other measures in the PMI poll fared better, which could keep the Chinese capital's response more modest for now.
The final HSBC/Markit manufacturing PMI for the month is due on September 30, while the official reading will be released on October 1. The HSBC surveys covers more small to medium-sized companies, which are believed to be under far more stress than larger, state-owned firms which the official report tends to focus on.
The run of weak data has fed speculation that authorities may further loosen fiscal and monetary policies to shore up growth. The property slowdown, in particular, is expected to persist well into next year and continue weighing on demand for everything from household appliances to glass, cement and steel.
Prices for Chinese steel and iron ore futures have slumped to record lows, while oil, copper, rubber and other raw materials have also skidded on fears of slowing China demand, which is rapidly leaving the United States as the only major driver of world economic growth.
But Chinese leaders have publicly ruled out another massive stimulus programme like the one launched during the global financial crisis, which left local governments saddled with mountains of debt, encouraged excess capacity in some industries and fueled inflationary pressures.
Instead, Beijing has rolled out a series of more modest steps targeted at supporting more vulnerable sectors of the economy, while many local governments have eased curbs on property purchases in the face of sliding home prices and a sharp drop in new construction.
Premier Li Keqiang said earlier this month that China cannot rely on easy credit to fuel its economic growth, and said the country would only tweak policy in certain areas to aid activity.
Further measures are already being rolled out even as leaders publicly advise caution.
The central bank last week injected money into the country's top banks in a bid to help support the economy by keeping borrowing costs down, and media have reported this week that the "Big Four banks" plan to ease rules on mortgage lending in a move orchestrated by regulators.
(Reuters)

 UPL Gains After Rival Sharda Cropchem Surges on DebutYou are here: Home Market
UPL Gains After Rival Sharda Cropchem Surges on Debut
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 11:06 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
UPL Ltd gained 1.6 per cent on Tuesday.
Gains come after rival Sharda Cropchem surged as much as 75.6 per cent to Rs 274 from its IPO price of Rs 156.
UPL traded at 11.7 times 12-month forward earnings; while traders estimate Sharda's IPO got priced at 13-14 times.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Ex-Nokia India head P Balaji to join Vodafon...Balaji
(Balaji will take care…)
NEW DELHI: Former Nokia India chief P Balaji is all set to join Vodafone India as external affairs director.
Balaji will take care of both regulatory as well as external affairs after India's No. 2 telco decided to combine the two roles. He will replace current regulatory head T V Ramachandran and external affairs director Rohit Adya who will exit the company in December and February respectively.
Prior to heading Nokia in India, Balaji was Vice President at Ericsson India in the role of marketing and strategy. Balaji resigned his role as Nokia India head in August, having overseen the India transfer of the devices business of Nokia to Microsoft .
"There is a thinking that the roles of media and government relations should be combined because that is how it is done globally at Vodafone," said a person familiar.
Vodafone declined comment while Balaji couldn't be immediately reached for comment.
Ramachandran, resident director for regulatory affairs and government relations, joined Vodafone nearly five years ago after a 12 year stint with the Cellular Operators Association of India, arguably the most influential mobile industry body in India over the last decade.
Adya, who is external affairs director, has been with the company since 2004, before Vodafone bought the company from Hutchison. He had also held the post of chief executive of the company for a short while.
Matthew Kirk is the group external affairs director for Vodafone, and Balaji's role is in consonance with the global structuring of the team.
FEATURED ARTICLES

announces London floatJimmy Choo set to list shares on London Stock Exchange
Jimmy Choo started as a bespoke shoe maker in London's East End in the 1990s
Jimmy Choo shoe maker is bought
Designer shoe maker Jimmy Choo has announced plans to list its shares on the London Stock Exchange.
The luxury brand said it would use the funds to help it expand in Asia and other new markets.
The firm, which recorded sales of £282m last year, said it was confident shareholders would benefit from strong growth.
"Our future as a public company can only extend our reputation," said Jimmy Choo chief executive Pierre Denis.
It said it would continue to open 10 to 15 shops a year, and planned to float at least a quarter of the shares in the company.
The firm now has 120 shops worldwide
Jimmy Choo started as a bespoke shoe maker in London's East End in the 1990s. He joined forces with Tamara Mellon in 1986 to form the company, but left the business in 2001. Jimmy Choo's niece, Sandra Choi, remains creative director at the firm.
The firm is now owned by investment firm JAB Luxury, and has 120 shops globally.
It said it was now ready "to embark on its next phase of growth".
Jimmy Choo plans to rapidly ramp up its expansion in China, where it said it was currently under-represented compared to peers.
It said it would expand its current 10 stores to 30 over the medium term, as well as target growth in the Middle East, South Korea, Singapore and Malaysia.
And the firm also plans to look at franchise opportunities in Latin America and Eastern Europe.
More on This Story

Daimler unveils concept of its self-driving ...The autonomous truck equipped with radar sensors and camera technology is built on Highway Pilot system that resembles the autopilot system on an aircraft.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
HANNOVER: German commercial vehicles major Daimler AG has unveiled the concept of its self-driving truck 'Mercedes-Benz Future Truck 2025' that is capable operating without assistance from drivers on highways.
The autonomous truck equipped with radar sensors and camera technology is built on Highway Pilot system that resembles the autopilot system on an aircraft.
The truck was showcased on the eve of 65th International Motor Show for commercial vehicles here in Germany .
Commenting on Future 2025's features, Daimler Board Member for Trucks and Buses Wolfgang Bernhard said: "Our Future Truck 2025 provides compelling answers to the challenges that our customers will be facing in the future."
He further said: "Our aim therefore is to press forward with readying this technology for the market and to bring it to a series-production standard. I am convinced this will open up a whole new business perspective for Daimler Trucks."
Daimler said the Future Truck 2025 should be on roads in 10 years time.
While unveiling the product , Bernhard also called for discussions on legality and political framework on autonomously driving trucks.
"The challenge now is to leverage this momentum and to continue our open dialogue with all parties involved, so that in ten year's time the autonomously driving truck will indeed have become an accepted feature on our roads," he added.
Daimler Trucks invests Euro 1 billion per year into research and development, the company said.
Development of self-driving vehicles are gaining traction across the global automotive sector and Google has already unveiled its driverless car.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

S Africa s women and gay-friendly Open Mosque under fire after peaceful launchAgainst a global background of rising Islamist militancy a new mosque where gay people are welcome, Christians too, and women are treated equally to men opened peacefully in Cape Town despite threats of violence.
The new Open Mosque also planning to have women as imams.
Launched by Muslim academic Taj Hargey, the South African-born director of the Muslim Educational Centre of Oxford, the first Friday prayers at the Open Mosque drew more media crews than worshippers.
Muslims walk near the entrance of the Open Mosque, on its opening day in Wynberg, Cape Town. (AFP Photo)
Fourteen national and provincial organisations representing the Muslim community across South Africa issued a joint statement condemning Hargey's plans.
"Hargey's cult has totally no affinity with the? Islam which the Muslims of South Africa follow," the statement read.
"We believe that it is illegal and highly deceptive for Hargey to call his warehouse of 'worship' a 'mosque', and his cult 'Islam'".
The religious leaders said they were considering the possibility of instituting legal action against Hargey, the Cape Town-born chairman of the Muslim Education Centre of Oxford which he founded in the UK.
An Algerian muslim man voices his displeasure about the opening of the Open Mosque in Wynberg, Cape Town. (AFP Photo)
Hargey has described his mosque as a "religious revolution" following on from the political revolution led by late former president Nelson Mandela when democracy replaced apartheid rule in South Africa in 1994.
In his sermon Hargey condemned the increasing hatred in the world between Muslims and Christians.
He blamed this on "warped theology" from countries such as Saudi Arabia and Pakistan which he said gave rise to "fanatical" groups like the Islamic State organisation, the Taliban in Afghanistan and Boko Haram in Nigeria.
He said "contaminated Saudi money" was used to promote "toxic and intolerant manifestations of Islam".
A woman listens inside the Open Mosque, as she and other woman share the same area with men in Cape Town, South Africa. (AP Photo)
Hargey, whose controversial liberal views on Islam have received worldwide publicity, cited intimidation from the South African Muslim institutions for the poor turnout at his launch.
"There's been threats about castrating me, beheading me, hanging me upside down. But South Africa has the most liberal constitution in the world -- they cannot stop us opening today."
Asked about his qualifications as a religious leader he said: "I have a PhD in Islamic studies from Oxford University, unlike my opponents who went to some donkey college in Pakistan or Saudi Arabia."
South Africa has around 737,000 Muslims, or 1.5% of the population, according to figures from the Pew Research Centre.

Narendra Modi s visit to America will kick off much-awaited new bull run Experts say yesBSE sensex
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is leaving for a seven-day-long visit to the United States, may give a boost to the Indian markets which are trading in a narrow range for the past couple of weeks, say analysts.
Tracking the momentum, analysts are not ruling out the possibility that we may touch fresh record highs during the visit or just ahead of the visit in anticipation of newer partnership in the areas of defence and IT, among others.
Both the Sensex and the Nifty touched record highs on September 8, 2014. While the S&P BSE Sensex' record high is placed at 27354.99 and the life high of the 50-share Nifty index is placed at 8180.20.
"Modi's visit to the US will indeed be positive for the Indian markets as trade and investment are likely to take the centre stage in his maiden visit," said A K Prabhakar, Independent Market Expert.
"If the Nifty scales above 8162 levels comfortably, then it can touch the levels of around 8400. IT, pharma and defence-related stocks may witness strong momentum during the visit," he added.
Narendra Modi's maiden visit would be more focussed on defence and security partnership, energy - including renewable energy - relations, and economic and investment ties along with technology transfers.
Modi leaves for the US on September 25-26 for nearly seven days during which he will give his maiden speech at the UN General Assembly in New York on September 27 and then proceed to Washington for the summit meeting with President Barack Obama on September 30.
Benchmark indices have been under some bit of pressure for the last few weeks, but analysts advice investors to remain invested at current levels and look at accumulating quality stocks on every correction.
"I would not be an active buyer and use every dip to get into the same stocks and basically I do believe the bull market still very much intact and probably Mr. Modi's US visit will give it another Viagra boost," said Jagdish Malkani, Member, NSE & BSE.
IT stocks will be in focus as Modi is also expected to raise concerns over the US Immigration Bill, that will affect the Indian IT industry if passed in the current form.
The Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act (S 744) imposes new and onerous restrictions and higher fees on H-1B and L1 visa programmes on the international IT services sector and would create an uneven playing field, ET reported.
Modi's visit is also expected to iron out bilateral differences over Intellectual Property Rights , particularly in the pharmaceutical industry , official sources told ET.
As per the report, big ticket items for the visit include expansion in the defence partnership to not only launch joint production of equipment, but also sharing perspectives on West Asia and East and Southeast Asia, sources indicated.
Long-term outlook remains intact:
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, helped by strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market.
Last week, Mark Mobius , Executive Chairman , Templeton EM Group, said in an interview with ET Now that India is now walking on a longer-term bull market and as Modi carries out reforms and becomes more effective in making the changes he would like to make, this will strengthen the capital markets in India.
"India is the second largest of our holdings after China. Thailand is a pie in our Asian funds, but among our global funds, India is right up there along with Brazil," he added. Mobius expects to increase allocations going forward.
With the Fed tapering and ending of QE, crude oil prices are coming down, which is a positive for India. Along with that, GDP has bottomed out and with reduction in interest rates in India, analysts see the markets headed for a massive rally ahead.
India has managed to outperform its emerging markets peers with both the Sensex and the Nifty rallying over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, but the rally is not over yet, said Varun Goel, Head-PMS, Karvy, who expects the Sensex to hit 1,00,000 by 2020.
Goel has arrived at a Sensex target of 29,300 based on 16 times FY16 earnings by Diwali and would be buyers at every dip. He also maintains his year 2020 target of 100,000 on the Sensex.
Goel expects earnings growth to accelerate once investment activity is revived and averages at 20-25 per cent for the next several years.
"India is one of the best destinations for US and for other countries as well from investment point of view. If you look at emerging markets, take an example of Turkey or Brazil or China or Russia, among these countries now India appears to be the bestest in Asia, this is one part," said Nilesh Sathe, Director & Chief Executive Officer, LIC Nomura Mutual Fund.
"On political front, Mr Modi is making all out efforts to reach out to the foreign investors to see that these inflows actually happen and that is a good step which must be appreciated and although India is a good destination, it has to be marketed and that is one thing which in my opinion Mr Modi is rightfully doing," he added.
Sathe is expecting a sizable, maybe $40 billion to come to India maybe in other six months from now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty plunges below 8 050; top 20 trading ideasYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex slips over 450 points, Nifty below 8050; top 20 intraday bets
ET Now Sep 23, 2014, 03.08PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped over 450 points in intraday trade on Tuesday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets.
The fall in the index was led by losses in L&T, M&M, ITC and ICICI Bank .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial 8050 level.
At 3:21 pm, the Sensex was at 26,750.12; down 456.62 points.
The Nifty was at 8,012.10; down 134.20 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 216 and a stop loss of Rs 200
Tata Motors DVR is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 367
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3060 and a stop loss of Rs 2980
IGL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 450 and a stop loss of Rs 420
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Geometric Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 175 and a stop loss of Rs 157
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 322
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1775 and a stop loss of Rs 1699
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 335 and a stop loss of Rs 317
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 75.50 and a stop loss of Rs 68.50
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 334 and a stop loss of Rs 318
Hindalco Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 151 and a stop loss of Rs 163
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2850 and a stop loss of Rs 2710
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
CESC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 825 and a stop loss of Rs 775
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 354
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 606 and a stop loss of Rs 583
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
Dabur India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 219
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 145 and a stop loss of Rs 133.50
GAIL India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 467 and a stop loss of Rs 439
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Kolte Patil Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 198 and a stop loss of Rs 188
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 368 and a stop loss of Rs 356
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

US air strikes target Islamic State militants in Syriaprint
US Navy F/A-18 fighter jet on bombing mission. (File Photo)
The United States began bombing ISIS targets in Syria using fighters, bomber and Tomahawk missiles, according to the Pentagon late Monday night.
"I can confirm that U.S. military and partner nation forces are undertaking military action against ISIL terrorists in Syria using a mix of fighter, bomber and Tomahawk Land Attack Missiles,” said Pentagon spokesperson Rear Admiral John Kirby.
“Given that these operations are ongoing, we are not in a position to provide additional details at this time,” he added.
Saudi Arabia and Jordan were among countries that took part in these bombings, according to reports.
The bombings came a day before President Barack Obama was scheduled to address the UN Security Council on foreign fighters working with the ISIS in Syria and Iraq.
Also, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is arriving here later in the week for UN general assembly meetings in New York and talks with President Barrack Obama in DC.
ISIS was to figure in their talks, but now with the US attacking the terrorist outfit — which is holding Indians hostages in Mosul, Iraq — the strikes may move up their agenda.
Obama administration officials told US media that Monday’s bombings were focussed on targets — mostly buildings — in Raqqa, a Syrian city now home to ISIS.
US strikes on ISIS position in Syria were expected after President Barack Obama announced earlier this month “I have made it clear that we will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country, wherever they are.”
“That means,” he had added, “I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL (an alternate acronym for ISIS, also sometimes called just IS, for Islamic State) in Syria, as well as Iraq.”
Senior US officials have been saying for a while now that the only effective way of dealing with ISIS — destroying it, in other words — was to attack it in both Iraq and Syria.
The strategy was to first chase them out of Iraq once a more inclusive government was in place in Baghdad, denying ISIS support from disgruntled Sunnis.
Corner them in Syria then, in their so-called strongholds, such as Raqqa, said the next phase of the plan, and then hit them there with every resource available to US forces.
US military had not made available any estimates of the damage inflicted by these new expanded attacks on ISIS, but experts warned this fight was far from over yet.

Modi to face protests  black flags during visit to USModi to face protests, black flags during visit to US
PTI  Washington DC, September 23, 2014
First Published: 12:24 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:44 IST(23/9/2014)
Several anti-Modi groups in the US will hold a series of protest rallies against Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he travels to New York and Washington this month, reports PTI.
 
The recently formed Alliance for Justice and Accountability (AJA) on Monday announced that it will show black flags to Modi when he heads to the Madison Square Garden in mid-town Manhattan in New York on September 28.
 
The Sikh For Justice announced to convene a "Citizens'Court" to "indict" Modi at a park in front of the White House on September 30, when the Prime Minister would be meeting US President Barack Obama at his Oval Office.
 
"The 'indictment' proceedings will be conducted in a replica court room set up in the President's Park right in the front of the White House. The 'charge sheet' issued by SFJ lists actions of Modi" during the 2002 Gujarat riots, a statement from the Sikh group said.
 
"Black Flags for visiting PM Modi," said the AJA in a flyer sent to its members.
 
AJA mostly comprises of Indian-American organizations and individuals who were part of Coalition Against Genocide (CAG), which had successfully campaigned against US visa to Modi, when he was the Gujarat Chief Minister.
 
"Alliance for Justice and Accountability is a coalition of individuals and organizations that are concerned about the rapid erosion of human rights and religious freedom in India," said Dr Shaikh Ubaid, a founding member of the Coalition Against Genocide, who is now instrumental in forming this new alliance.
 
"The Alliance has been formed in the wake of increasing violence and incendiary rhetoric against minorities led by organisations and parties aligned with the Sangh Parivar. Its initial objective is to use the high profile visit of Narendra Modi to draw attention to the threats to India's pluralism," Ubaid told PTI.
 
"Come join us as we stand in protest of Narendra Modi's visit and talk in New York City at Madison Square Garden on September 28th," the alliance said in a Facebook Post.

In 2018  internet advertising in India will be just like 2013: promising but smallTV will continue to rule.(AP Photo/Rajesh Kumar Singh)
SHARE
Shruti Chakraborty @shruti_14789
September 23, 2014
Internet advertising in India will grow the fastest among all media segments in the next five years, but in 2018 it will still be less than half the size of television and print, in a markedly different trajectory from global trends, a new report by consultant PwC says .
While internet advertising will nearly dethrone television as the largest segment globally by 2018, in India it will still account for just 16% of the overall ad pie. It is expected to be worth Rs100 billion by that time, up from 8% now. This is despite growing at a compounded annual rate of 28%, which is the fastest for any segment. Print, at seven percent, will grow at the slowest clip, while television will grow at the industry average of 15%, the report said.
“In the global context, internet advertising is going to be big. In India it will take longer than five years for that,” said Smita Jha, leader of the entertainment and media practice at PwC India.
TV will, however, continue to be the biggest revenue generator in the Indian entertainment and media industry.
The report estimates that while TV will have 37% share of revenues in 2018, internet access will retain its second spot, with 29% share in revenues. The print medium will be at the third spot with 14% share of the total revenue. Currently, TV has 38% of the industry’s revenues, while internet access and print have 22% and 20% respectively.
Internet access should count towards telecom revenues but as many cable TV providers have started bundling broadband access with their services, the industry seems to be facing a classification conundrum.
Share
Tap image to zoom
In a sign of a rapidly digitising economy, internet access and internet advertising grew at the fastest pace in 2013, growing at 47% and 26%, respectively. Internet advertising, which was estimated to be about Rs30 billion in 2013, constituted 8% of the overall advertising revenues in the industry.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The revenue growth for the digital medium will come primarily from advertising rather than consumers paying for content, PwC says.”Monetising content is a challenge. Customers’ perception is that the content is free. Unless users can get access to content quicker online, they won’t be willing to pay,” Jha said. In the US, 25% of advertising revenues went towards internet advertising in 2013. In China, this number stood at 40%.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Overall the internet advertising market in India is expected to generate revenues worth $1.8 billion in 2018. One of the biggest challenges to the growth of internet advertising, the report found, is a lack of content in local languages.
What could upset PwC’s calculations is a combination of low-cost smartphones, cheap data connections and a proliferation of local content online. If that digital tango takes off perfectly in India, the growth of internet and the value of advertising in the medium could grow more rapidly than what linear models can predict.

IIMB global biz meet from Sept 26-28IIMB global biz meet from Sept 26-28
Anil Urs
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 23:  
The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore (IIMB) will be holding its annual global business summit 'Vista' on its Bannerghatta Road campus from September 26 to 28.
This year's business fest will have lectures by Dr Subramanian Swamy, Ronnie Screwvala and Prahlad Kakkar.
According to Nidhi Rai, Junior Coordinator, Students Cultural Committee, the IIMB highlights of this year meet is a 3-day Young Leadership Summit workshop for around 300 participants.
The entrepreneurship conclave will feature founders of Red bus and bigbasket.com.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Indias steel output growth rate surpasses world s average in AugIndia’s steel output growth rate surpasses world's average in Aug
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
India’s steel production growth rate far outstripped the world's average in August clocking a 5.2 per cent jump at 7.02 million tonnes.
According to the World Steel Association, global production rose by an average of 1.4 per cent in August to 135 mt compared to the same month a year ago.
While India’s steel output growth was spectacular mainly due to higher production by major producers, global average remained subdued during the month primarily because of relatively lower production by China, the world’s largest producer.
Even in July, China's steel production grew 1.5 per cent.
Reporting a mere one per cent growth, China produced 69 mt steel in August this year compared with 68.2 mt in the same month a year ago, the WSA data revealed.
However, for the January-August period, global average growth looked better at 2.4 per cent against India’s average of 1.8 per cent.
During the eight-month period, world’s steel production rose to 1,096 mt compared to India’s production of around 56 mt. China produced 550 mt during the period.
During this period, India’s position remained static among major steel producing nations at the fourth slot preceded by China, Japan and the United States. For the last four years, India’s position in the world steel order remains constant at the fourth slot.
China’s production growth rate during the first eight months was the highest at 2.6 per cent among the main steel producing nations.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

HAL  ISRO to set up integrated cryogenic engine manufacturing facilityHAL, ISRO to set up integrated cryogenic engine manufacturing facility
Anil Urs
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 23:  
The HAL-ISRO partnership will further get strengthened in the years to come. An integrated cryogenic engine manufacturing facility will be set up at HAL's aerospace division here and the division will manufacture cryogenic/semi-cryogenic engines for ISRO, said R K Tyagi, Chairman, HAL.
Congratulating ISRO for successfully prodding the sleeping engine of the Mars spacecraft back to life and for making it fire briefly, Tyagi said: "Our best wishes are with them for tomorrow's operations that would put the spacecraft in the red planet's orbit."
At present, discussions with ISRO are already on for assembly integration and testing of IRNSS satellites and for productionisation of propulsion sub-system for spacecraft and launch vehicle projects.
Work packages for the Chandrayan-2 and Reusable Launch Vehicle (RLV) projects are also on the anvil.
HAL has partnered and supported ISRO throughout its journey by providing hardware for satellites, SLV, ASLV, PSLV, GSLVMKII and GSLV MKIII (LVM3).
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

David Cameron to meet Iran president Hassan Rouhani for help against Islamic StateCameron is expected to ask Rouhani to drop his support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and to urge him to join the international coalition against IS. (Source: AP)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:35 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 2:38 pm
British Prime Minister David Cameron will meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani in the next two days in New York and ask him for help to fight Islamic State , the first meeting between leaders of the two nations since Tehran’s 1979 Islamic revolution.
Cameron will meet Rouhani on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly, a source in the British leader’s office told Reuters, speaking after the United States and Arab partners struck IS targets inside Syria.
Cameron is in New York to try to bolster international action against IS and to clarify his own country’s position when it comes to air strikes, something London has so far held off participating in.
Cameron is expected to ask Rouhani to drop his support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, to tell him that developing nuclear weapons is unacceptable, and to urge him to join the international coalition against IS.
Britain said in June it would reopen its embassy in Tehran after a hiatus of more than two and a half years after relations between the two countries began to thaw after last year’s election of Rouhani, a man London considers a relative moderate.
Islamic State, an extremist Sunni Muslim force, has seized large expanses of territory in Iraq and Syria and proclaimed a caliphate erasing borders in the heart of the Middle East.
Cameron is also expected to hold talks with U.S. President Barack Obama in New York about the possibility of Britain joining air strikes against IS, something he has signalled he would need the approval of the British parliament to do.

Sensex slips over 350 pts | Modi s US visit may trigger bull runYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex slips over 450 points, Nifty below 8050; top 20 intraday bets
ET Now Sep 23, 2014, 03.08PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped over 450 points in intraday trade on Tuesday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets.
The fall in the index was led by losses in L&T, M&M, ITC and ICICI Bank .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial 8050 level.
At 3:21 pm, the Sensex was at 26,750.12; down 456.62 points.
The Nifty was at 8,012.10; down 134.20 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 216 and a stop loss of Rs 200
Tata Motors DVR is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 367
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3060 and a stop loss of Rs 2980
IGL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 450 and a stop loss of Rs 420
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Geometric Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 175 and a stop loss of Rs 157
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 322
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1775 and a stop loss of Rs 1699
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 335 and a stop loss of Rs 317
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 75.50 and a stop loss of Rs 68.50
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 334 and a stop loss of Rs 318
Hindalco Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 151 and a stop loss of Rs 163
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2850 and a stop loss of Rs 2710
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
CESC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 825 and a stop loss of Rs 775
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 375 and a stop loss of Rs 354
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 606 and a stop loss of Rs 583
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
Dabur India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 219
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 145 and a stop loss of Rs 133.50
GAIL India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 467 and a stop loss of Rs 439
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Kolte Patil Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 198 and a stop loss of Rs 188
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 368 and a stop loss of Rs 356
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex drops over 350 points; top investment bets in a falling marketYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex cracks below 27000; top investment ideas from experts
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 04.26PM IST
Tags:
ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt
(The fall in the index was…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex posted its biggest single-day fall in two-and-a-half months on Tuesday tracking weak trend seen in other Asian markets.
Global stocks saw some bit of profit booking on disappointment over European manufacturing data and concerns about an unemployment measure in a survey in China.
The S&P BSE Sensex which bounced back in trade on Monday came under some intense selling pressure in trade on Tuesday. The index slipped as much as 462 points in trade to close below its crucial psychological level of 27000.
The 30-share BSE Sensex closed at 26775.69, down 431 points or 1.58 per cent. It touched a high of 27256.87 and a low of 26744.07 in early trade.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8100 and is now trading near key support levels of 8000.
The 50-share Nifty index ended at 8017, down 128 point or 1.58 per cent. It touched a high of 8159.75 and a low of 8008.10 in early trade.
Considering the fact that we are in the F&O expiry week some bit of consolidation or corrections was expected. The fall in the index was largely led by profit booking in Tata Motors, RIL, ICICI Bank , L&T, ONGC and HDFC.
But analysts see this consolidation more from a perspective of entering markets at lower levels as the bias still remains on the upside till the time Nifty trades above 7850 levels.
"The range of 8229 - 8253 is an important resistance to watch out for in coming days on the lower side 8050 followed by 8000 are immediate support levels whereas the range of 7920 to 7850 would remain a vital support on positional basis," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"Medium term trend reversal level has now moved higher to 7850," added the report.
Analysts are not ruling out the possibility of consolidation or some bit of correction before the market resume fresh up move towards 30,000 on the Sensex by end 2014.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014 helped by strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of over $33 billion into the country's securities market.
Although, analysts do not see a major trigger for corrections domestically but they say that if corrections happens it would be more because of global cues which will give investors the opportunity to enter markets at lower levels.
"If you look at the weight of India in the emerging markets portfolio, it is at its historic high levels. So any fluctuation in the global markets or disturbance over there could lead to some volatility in our markets," said Mahesh Patil, Co-CIO, Birla Sunlife MF.
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, BofA-ML hopes to see a correction of about 5-7 per cent in the market, which will provide a better opportunity to buy. I am quite bullish from a three-four year perspective and we think earnings and markets could double out over four years," said
"So, if you ask me, if there would be a better chance to buy, the answer probably is yes. Our view, from here till the end of October, is that we see the markets lower by around 5% to 7%," he added.
We have collated list of stock and sectors recommended by various analysts that are looking attractive at current levels:
Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services
Rural Electrification Corporation or popularly REC has borne the brunt of a lot of things, which are not happening to the power sector. This stock has corrected big time from the levels of 370-380 to around 255-260.
We feel that now pure value is emerging into the company at a price to adjusted book value of around 1-1.1 times at the current market valuations. This is one stock which also presents an excellent dividend yield as well as a proxy play to the power growth story.
We have been very aggressive on some stocks, the likes of Century Ply or Sundaram Fasteners. All these stocks are slated to re-rate themselves going forward. A stock like CanFin Homes, which is a Canara Bank home finance company, has hardly any NPAs and is growing at a rapid pace.
These all businesses would tend to re-rate themselves and there can be substantial 25-30% upside. If at all the market corrects and midcaps correct, these stocks would present a great opportunity.
Hemang Jani, Senior Vice President, Sharekhan
We think that agri as a theme will play out extremely well over the next two to three years. There will be a thrust on the improvement in the productivity and the overall penetration level, as far as the agro chemical is concerned. I
Therefore, from within the pack, we like Dhanuka Agri, which has an asset light business model, wherein they have tied up with a few MNC companies for certain molecules with a three to five-year of an exclusivity and very decent manufacturing and distribution base in India. Overall, we think growth will be about 25% to 30% and it can be a two to three bagger over the next 18 months or so.

China is outfitting repressive African regimes with torture toolsChinese paramilitary policemen take part in an exercise in Nanjing, Jiangsu province in September. (Reuters/China Daily)
SHARE
Lily Kuo @lilkuo
September 23, 2014
Chinese arms exports to Africa have grown exponentially over the past decade, in lockstep with China’s controversial relationships  with repressive African regimes. Among the goods for sale are electric shock batons, mechanized restraint chairs, and other police and riot gear, according to a new report by Amnesty International.
Torture in Chinese detention centers has long been a problem , despite Beijing’s denials, and activists worry that some of China’s methods will be exported along with specialized police gear that is being sold to countries in Africa, as well as the Middle East, and Asia. “The Chinese authorities have done nothing to stop companies supplying these sickening devices for export or to prevent policing equipment falling into the hands of known human rights abusers,” Amnesty researcher Patrick Wilcken said.
Chinese manufacturers openly advertise spiked batons, weighted hand cuffs  weighing as much as 8kg (about 17 lbs), and shackles that can be used to put prisoners into stress positions. One firm, Jiangsu Anhua, says it exports to over 50 countries in Africa, South America, and the Middle East. Another firm, China Xinxing Import, formerly owned by the People’s Liberation Army, has said it books $100 million worth of trade  with over 40 African countries. That company advertises items like a “ quality rubber spiked baton ” on Alibaba.com, one of the marketplaces of the recently listed e-commerce giant Alibaba. Electric shock batons and shields , as well as weighted leg cuffs were also for sale on the site, but many of the other products Amnesty highlighted were not.
Share
Tap image to zoom
A brochure from Chen Ye Tian Ying Police Equipment Technology Development Co, Ltd.’s details 15 ways in which a person can be restrained with these cuffs.(Amnesty International)

Amidst rockstar welcome  protests await Modi in ManhattanModi will deliver a speech to more than 18,000 people at Madison Square Garden.(Reuters/Ueslei Marcelino)
SHARE
Diksha Madhok @dikshamadhok
September 23, 2014
Narendra Modi will visit the US this weekend, and a welcome befitting a rockstar  awaits him. Even the king of Bollywood would be envious of Modi’s reception in New York City: crowds, dances, fireworks.
But not every Indian American is swept up in the excitement. An anti-Modi group is planning a rally against the Indian prime minister on Sept. 28 in Manhattan.
Modi will deliver a speech to more than 18,000 people at Madison Square Garden (MSG), New York City’s iconic sports and entertainment arena this weekend. The event, which is completely sold out, will perhaps draw the largest ever gathering to hear a foreign leader speak on American soil. A livestream will be up at Times Square and at viewing parties around the country. (And on Quartz India .)
But, a US group dubbed the Alliance for Justice and Accountability (AJA) has organised a protest against Modi’s visit to the MSG. They accuse the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader of “genocidal Islamophobia” and want him to face a “courtroom and a judge for his crimes against humanity.” According to  PTI in Washington , AJA comprises individuals and organisations that had earlier formed Coalition Against Genocide, which had successfully campaigned against a US visa for Modi while he was Gujarat chief minister.
“We cannot join the chorus of the blind and shameless praise that Narendra Modi and the BJP has received,” writes the group on its  Facebook page . Rights groups have long alleged that Modi didn’t do enough to curb the 2002 sectarian violence that engulfed Gujarat in 2002 and killed more than 1,000 people, predominantly Muslim. But he has not been found guilty by any court.
After his thumping election victory earlier this year, questions about Modi and 2002 had largely subsided. If protesters manage to pull off a rally in Manhattan during this high profile visit, it will be disconcerting for the prime minister.
A Tumblr page called Diaspora says no to Modi  has also been created by South Asia Solidarity Initiative (SASI), a group within AJA, and Indian families are being asked to submit photos “voicing opposition to Modi agenda.”
An open letter addressed to Miss America 2014 Nina Davuluri, is also included on the page. Davuluri is the first Indian-American to win the beauty pageant and will be one of the emcees at the Modi party in Madison Square Gardens. The letter asks her to withdraw from her speaking engagement.
“He (Modi) is a lifelong member of the RSS which is a Hindu nationalist organization that has amongst other things praised Hitler,” says the letter. “It is therefore disheartening to know that you will be speaking at the reception for Narendra Modi later this month.”
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

iPhone 6 debuts in Indian grey market at Rs 1 lakhiPhone 6 debuts in Indian grey market at Rs 1 lakh
Airtels Sriraman Jagannathan joins IDFC as Chief Digital & Data OfficerHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Airtel’s Sriraman Jagannathan joins IDFC as Chief Digital & Data Officer
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23  :  
IDFC, soon to be turned into a bank, has announced the appointment of Sriraman Jagannathan as Chief Digital & Data Officer.
"He will be responsible for building the digital framework, embedding a digital culture and driving digital transformation across all parts of the proposed IDFC Bank covering all products, clients and employees," IDFC said in a statement.
Rajiv Lall, Executive Chairman, IDFC said, “Technology today has become synonymous with banking and has made a visible difference in the functioning of banks internationally. Banks have benefitted immensely due to scaling up of business and growth in volumes, and customers too have benefitted with improvement in service quality. Sriraman will help us focus on two major aspects in the proposed IDFC Bank – creating new-age customer delight and driving digital business transformation."
Sriraman joined IDFC from Airtel, where he spearheaded the launch of the first mobile payments platform.
Prior to this, he worked for Citi group for over 20 years in the e-commerce and digital space in India and Japan.
IDFC has been granted in-principle approval by Reserve Bank of India to become a bank, which is likely by October 2015.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Its Pappy  IIM Shillongs mascot for seventh edition of Golf CupIt’s Pappy, IIM Shillong’s mascot for seventh edition of Golf Cup
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept. 23:  
The Indian Institute of Management Shillong recently launched the mascot and Web site for the seventh edition of the Golf Cup.
The mascot named ‘Pappy, the Golfer’ was inaugurated by Mukul Sangma, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, at the IIM campus. Pappy has been strategically chosen to represent the North-East and has been designed to introduce people to the legacy values of Meghalaya. The previous season’s mascot named Bamby, represented a bamboo and had an integral connection with the North-East as it represented one of the major local crops exported to the rest of India.
The Web site (iims-golfcup.in) provides details about past editions of the Golf Cup and also features information on local attractions in and around Shillong for corporates and other guests who will be visiting for Golf Cup Season 7. The Web site also has a section dedicated to the annual B-School fest of IIM Shillong Khlur-Thma, a pre-event to the Golf Cup.
This year IIM Shillong is hosting the third season of Khlur-Thma with the theme of ‘Strike to survive’. In addition to Khlur-Thma, the institute is also organising a business conclave, ‘Udaan -Giving wings to tomorrow’ and the theme of the conclave will be ‘The way forward: transforming opportunities into reality’.
The Golf Cup will be organised on October 11-12. It is a flagship event of IIM Shillong and has grown bigger over the years with more than 40 top corporates participating in it.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Promoting electronic manufacturing is a priority agenda for govt: Communications ministerUnion Communications and IT Minister, Ravi Shankar Prasad. (file photo)
Prasad to visit few more countries after sucessful visit to Germany
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
After his successful visit to Germany to promote electronic manufacturing in India, the Communications and Information Technology Minister, Ravi Shankar Prasad, on Tuesday said he will go to few more countries, including the Silicon Valley in the US, South Korea and Israel, over the next few months.
“We are promoting electronic manufacturing in a big way and this is a priority agenda of this Government. Importing in India was more convenient than making in India. Therefore, the idea is to showcase manufacturing in India,” Prasad told reporters here.
In order to start electronic manufacturing in India, he said the first foundation stone of the cluster will be laid in Bhopal and Jabalpur, ‘probably’ on October 6.
From the Germany visit, Prasad said he got lot of ‘good’ responses from companies who wanted to invest in India.
The Minister met the chiefs of companies such as Osram, Infenion Technology, Bosch, Rhode & Schwarz, Von Ardenne (photo voltaic company) and also the German Electronic Manufacturers’ Association (ZVEI) who are keen to invest in India, he said.
“The German companies have been watching India and they acknowledge the technical power of the country and are eager to come to India. I have heard no negative words from them,” he said.
However, he also said this is just the first step and the German companies would share about investment details later. Many of such companies also want to make India as their export hub for electronic products, Prasad added.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Israel military shoots down Syrian aircraft; tension builds up in GolanheightsIsraeli soldier secure the area were a mortar fired from the Quneitra province after Syrian rebels clashed with President Bashar Assad’s forces hit in a community in the Israeli controlled Golan Heights, Wednesday, Aug. 27, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:03 pm
The Israeli military shot down a Syrian fighter jet that infiltrated its airspace over the Golan Heights on Tuesday morning — the first such downing in decades, heightening tensions in the volatile plateau.
The military said a “Syrian aircraft infiltrated into Israeli air space” in the morning hours and that the military “intercepted the aircraft in mid-flight, using the Patriot air defense system.”
The military would not say what type of aircraft was downed and said the circumstances of the incident were “unclear.”
A defense official identified the downed aircraft as a Sukhoi Su-24 Russian fighter plane. Perviously, it was reported to have been a MiG aircraft. He said the Syrian jet penetrated 800 meters (2,600 feet) into Israeli air space and tried to return to Syria after the Patriot missile was fired.
The crew managed to abandon the plane in time and landed in Syrian territory, the Israeli official said.
It was the first such incident since the war with Lebanon in 1982, the official said. He spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the media.
Israel has largely stayed on the sidelines of Syria’s civil war raging across the border. But Israeli leaders appear increasingly nervous about the possibility of al-Qaida-linked fighters occupying the Golan’s high ground over northern Israel.
Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon said the aircraft had crossed into Israel in a “threatening way” and vowed to retaliate to any similar attempts in the future.
“We will not allow element, whether it is a terror group or a state, to threaten our security and breach our sovereignty,” he said. “We are committed first and foremost to ensure the security of the Israel’s citizens and we will use all means at our disposal to do so,” he said.
Israel has avoided taking sides in the three-year civil war in Syria, though Israeli troops have responded to occasional mortar fire that has landed on the Israeli side of the Golan. Israel says some of the attacks have been accidental spillover, while others have been intentionally aimed at Israeli civilians and soldiers. It has always held Syria responsible for any cross-border fire.
Israel and Syria are bitter enemies who have fought several wars.
Israel captured the Golan Heights from Syria in the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed the strategic area in a move that has never been internationally recognized.
While relations are hostile, the ruling Assad family in Syria has kept the border area with Israel quiet for most of the past 40 years. Israel is concerned that continued…

Maharashtra Assembly elections: Shiv Sena denies saffron horses split report  says ties with BJPunstoppablePrint
Shiv Sena said that "horses of Sena-BJP are running fast and are unstoppable" against "Congress-NCP mules".
Written by Liz Mathew , Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:54 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 1:36 am
The standoff between the BJP and Shiv Sena over seat sharing for the Maharashtra assembly elections ended on Tuesday with the RSS bluntly telling the BJP that it cannot break ties with an ideological partner. The intervention brought both sides to the talks table again.
Leaders of both parties held discussions on Tuesday evening with smaller allies RSP, Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, RPI (Athawale) and Shiv Sangram. The compromise formula, in which the Shiv Sena has agreed to give more seats to the BJP, also includes more representation of the party in PM Narendra Modi’s council of ministers.
According to a BJP leader, the state unit and a section of the BJP leaders were keen on severing ties with the Shiv Sena with the expectations that it would open up possibilities of new alliances after the polls. They calculated that a split in their camp would prompt the NCP to snap ties with the Congress and fight alone, keeping the option of post-poll partnership with the BJP open. However, the RSS leadership was averse to this idea as it viewed the NCP’s interest as a ploy to get shield for its leaders, who have been accused of corruption while in the government.
Besides, the top BJP leadership considered going alone would be a huge risk and if the party failed to get the expected result, it would be a “huge setback” especially after the party poor show in the recent by-elections. “A win in Maharashtra is certain if the BJP-Shiv Sena faces the elections together. Idea of going alone was always a gamble. The leadership did not want to take a chance after the by-elections,” said a BJP leader.
The discussions with the smaller allies followed a fresh proposal from the Shiv Sena to break the stalemate. According to the latest proposal, Shiv Sena would contest 150 seats, BJP 126 and allies 12. State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis said, “Today we received a proposal from Shiv Sena. We are going to discuss it with allies and then take a final decision.”
The BJP has been demanding 130 of the 288 seats, while the Shiv Sena has been rigid on 150 seats for itself. “Even if the Sena agrees on 130 seats for the BJP, it is unlikely that all of the remaining will come from its kitty. Both sides will talk to smaller parties and reach a compromise formula,” said a BJP leader before the talks.
BJP hardliners were of the opinion that if their party accepts 126 seats, Sena should be forced to take 144 seats and the smaller allies should get 18 seats. This demand to make the Sena climb down from 150 seats to make space for allies got louder as the discussions continued late into the night.
RSP chief Mahadeo Jankar said, “We continued…
Top state leaders of the two oldest NDA allies sat down for talks ending a tense stand-off, a day after BJP President Amit Shah called up Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray

BJD fields Hemendra s widow as candidate for Kandhamal LS seatPress Trust of India | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 23, 2014 2:37 pm
On Tuesday, the ruling BJD  declared late Hemendra Chandra Singh’s widow Pratyusha Rajeswari Singh as its candidate for the October-15 by-election in Kandhamal Lok Sabha seat which fell vacant following the death of her husband.
“The wife of late Hemendra Singh, who was Member of Parliament from Kandhamal constituency, Pratyusha Rajeswari Singh has been chosen as the candidate for the Kandhamal by-election,” Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik told reporters here.
“He (Hemendra) has a very good reputation for the hard work. She will continue the good work for the people of Kandhamal,” Patnaik said.
Pratyusha, who hailed from a royal family in Nepal, was married to Hemendra Singh of Nayagarh royal family.
“I thank Naveenji for choosing me as the party candidate, I’ll serve the people of Kandhamal and fulfil the dream of my husband,” Pratysha said.
Pratyusha had met the Patnaik three days ago and informed him about her willingness to contest the polls.
Pratyusha’s name was announced by Patnaik, a day after BJP named former BJD MP Rudra Madhav Ray as its candidate for the seat.
While BJD and BJP have already announced their candidates for the by-poll, opposition Congress is yet to make any decision.
The by-election was necessitated following the death of Hemendra Singh on September 5.

Microsoft Xbox One set to launch in China on...Microsoft Xbox One set to launch in China on September 29
By Reuters | 23 Sep, 2014, 02.54PM IST
Microsoft gave no reason for the delay, which is the first console to launch since a 14-year-old ban on sales of foreign games consoles was lifted.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Microsoft Corp has set September 29 as the new launch date for its Xbox One game console in China, the US software giant said on Tuesday, in the first launch since a 14-year ban on sales of foreign games consoles was lifted this year.
The world's biggest software company gave no reason for the delay in the launch which was originally scheduled for September 23.
The delay is the latest in a series of setbacks for Microsoft in China, where it is under investigation for suspected anti-trust violations related to the Windows operating system and Microsoft Office.
"We take great care to ensure that we meet or exceed regulatory standards," said Microsoft in an e-mail to Reuters in response to the delayed console launch.
The Xbox One console will cost 3,699 yuan ($602.76) without the Kinect motion detection system and 4,299 yuan ($700.53) with Kinect, Microsoft said.
China is the world's third-biggest gaming market where revenues grew by more than a third from 2012 to nearly $14 billion last year.
Console games must also get approval from Shanghai's local culture department, which will ensure they do not harm China's national unity, territorial integrity or reputation - or promote racial hatred, obscenity, gambling, violence or drugs. This could stop some of video games' biggest franchises, such as Grand Theft Auto and Call of Duty, from being published in China.
"After receiving government approval for the first wave of games, we've decided to launch with digital copies of the first 10 games now and will continue our work to bring more blockbuster games and a broad offering of entertainment and app experiences to the platform in the months to come," Enwei Xie, Microsoft's general manager for Xbox China, said in a press release.
In May, Sony Corp ) said it would set up a joint venture with Shanghai Oriental Pearl Group to bring the PlayStation games console to China.
Microsoft makes the Xbox One console with Chinese internet TV set-top box maker BesTV New Media Co Ltd.
(1 US dollar = 6.1368 Chinese yuan)

White Tiger kills boy inside Delhi ZooTiger kills youth who jumped inside its enclosure at Delhi zoo
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 14:47 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:51 IST(25/9/2014)
A white tiger attacked and killed a young man who appeared to have jumped over a barricade into an enclosure at the Delhi zoo on Tuesday, officials said.
White tiger at Delhi zoo corners a boy before killing him. (PTI Photo)
Witnesses said the tiger grabbed the young man by the neck as horrified onlookers at the National Zoological Park near Sundar Nagar screamed and threw sticks and stones to try and save him.
Television footage showed the frightened man crouching against a wall as the tiger stared into his face.
One witness said he raced to the enclosure after hearing screams to see the victim locked in the tiger's jaws, “writhing badly in pain”.
Read: Crocodile attacks man at Bhopal's Kaliasot dam
The deceased was identified as Maqsood, a factory worker and resident of central Delhi’s Anand Parbat. His parents said the 19-year-old was mentally ill and addicted to bhang.
Despite repeated warnings that he shouldn't get too close to the outdoor enclosure, Maqsood eventually climbed over a knee-high fence, through some small hedges, then jumped down 18 feet into a protective moat, said zoo director Amitabh Agnihotri.
The enclosed space is separated from visitors by a concrete ditch, with shrubs on the tiger’s side followed by a two-foot railing.
Read: He told me he’d be back for dinner, says mother
Raw Video: 'Mar gaya", onlooker's chilling remark as tiger mauls youth in Delhi zoo
Authorities eventually frightened the tiger into a small cage inside the enclosure. Maqsood, whose body remained in the outdoor enclosure two hours after the attack, was dead by the time help reached him.
“The tiger was just being a tiger," said Belinda Wright, who has spent years working to protect India's dwindling numbers of wild tigers. "An unusual object fell into his domain. ... He's a wild animal in captivity. It is certainly not the tiger's fault.”
The zoo did have tranquiliser guns, said manager Riaz Khan. “But by the time we could arrange them, the man was dead.”
 
The zoo authorities have been booked for causing death by negligence, police said.
Six years ago an inebriated man fell into a lioness’ enclosure but the big cat spared his life, zoo officials said.
India is home to 1,706 Royal Bengal tigers and fewer than 100 white tigers, according to the last census in 2011. All the white tigers are in captivity.
(With agency inputs)

Sensex Falls 400 Points Amid Broad SelloffYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply Amid Broad Decline
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 15:18 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty slumped over 1.5 per cent in late trade amid broad selling pressure. All the sectoral indices on the BSE were in the red with realty, banking, metal stocks particularly witnessing strong selling pressure.
At 3:08 p.m., the Sensex fell 430 points to 26,776 while Nifty slumped 125 points to 8,020.
Shrikant Chouhan, technical analyst at Kotak Securities, said he expects Nifty to remain in the 7980-8070 zone in the near term. The selloff could accelerate if Nifty falls below 7980, he adds.
The BSE realty index fell nearly 5 per cent to be the biggest loser among BSE sectoral indices. Unitech fell over 9 per cent while DLF slumped over 6 per cent to be the biggest loser among Nifty stocks.
The BSE midcap and smallcap indices fell nearly close to 2 per cent.
Buying by foreign investors slowed down in the past week with foreign institutional investors (FIIs) selling on average Rs 73 crore per day between September 16-19. In comparison, their average daily buying during September 9-15 stood at Rs 393 crore and during September 1-8 at Rs 990 crore.
Among major Nifty losers, Tata Motors, Cipla, Hindalco, and ONGC were down over 2 per cent.
Besides profit-taking, weak global markets also weighed on Indian markets. Most of the Asian markets ended in the red after a survey in China showed factory employment slumped to a 5-1/2-year low, offsetting benefits from the same survey showing China's factory sector beat expectations. Indian markets were also cautious ahead of the expiry of monthly derivatives contracts on Thursday.
European shares were lower in early trade. In its monthly survey, financial information company Markit said Tuesday that its purchasing managers' index for the eurozone - a gauge of business activity - fell to a nine-month low of 52.3 in September from the previous month's 52.5. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 15:18 (IST)

India must resolve tough US visa regime: Preetha Reddy1:00 pm
Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit, Preetha Reddy, Executive Vice-Chairperson of Apollo Hospitals , says that India needs to have a resolution on the difficult US visa regime.
“It was right of US to invite Mr Modi as a guest and I am glad that was done. The visa regime I think is taken to a level that it is really difficult for people to travel between both the countries and I think we have to overcome that. India has the world’s largest English-speaking workforce, which has to be really allowed to work wherever the environment requires them. I think the Indian workforce, which is extremely knowledgeable and talented, is being held back, and this is happening only because of the visa regime, because of the distrust. We need to overcome that,” she told CNBC-TV18.
Modi will leave for Washington on September 25. The PM was earlier scheduled to leave for the US on September 26 for a two-day visit, however the trip has been advanced by a day due to 'technical reasons' involving landing issues in Germany, sources said.
This will be Modi's first visit to the US as PM and also his first since the Gujarat riots of 2002 post which he was put on a visa blacklist by the US.
Apollo Hospital stock price
On November 21, 2014, Apollo Hospitals Enterprises closed at Rs 1200.45, down Rs 35.85, or 2.9 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1242.75 and the 52-week low was Rs 817.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 24.37 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 49.26. The latest book value of the company is Rs 213.10 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.63.
RELATED NEWS

Expect domestic ore prices to fall; -ve for steel cos: PLSep 23, 2014, 02.58 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Expect domestic ore prices to fall; -ve for steel cos: PL
An expected upturn in domestic iron ore supply, which may result in falling prices, is likely to be a negative for several domestic steel companies having captive mines even as they continue to face intense competitive pressures globally thanks to a sharp fall in global ore prices, according to a research report by Prabhudas Lilladher.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect domestic ore prices to fall; -ve for steel cos: PL
An expected upturn in domestic iron ore supply, which may result in falling prices, is likely to be a negative for several domestic steel companies having captive mines even as they continue to face intense competitive pressures globally thanks to a sharp fall in global ore prices, according to a research report by Prabhudas Lilladher.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
An expected upturn in domestic iron ore supply, which may result in falling prices, is likely to be a negative for several domestic steel companies having captive mines even as they continue to face intense competitive pressures globally thanks to a sharp fall in global ore prices, according to a research report by Prabhudas Lilladher.
Domestic iron ore prices had been increasing steadily of late following a spate of bad news to have hit the mining sector in the form of a Supreme Court ban on illegal mining in Odisha in May as well as the Jharkhand government’s recent decision to order a shutdown of several mines.
The two mineral-rich states constitute a bulk of iron ore supplies in the country.
In fact, on account of rising domestic prices and weak international prices, the difference between the domestic and imported ore – where there historically used to be about a 40 percent discount – has become negligible.
However, a recent court order provided a relaxation by ordering liquidation of piled-up inventory at a non-operational mine in Odisha.
Analysts at Prabhudas Lilladher believe this may be extended to other mines as well, leading to a sharp increase in supply and a fall in domestic iron ore prices.
“Liquidation of stocks would be a key factor in sustaining of domestic prices. If the earlier judgment of SC in case of Karnataka and Goa is to go by, we expect stock liquidation of iron ore at a large scale given the severe dearth of iron ore in the country. This could be a big dampener for domestic prices,” analysts at the firm wrote.
Who wins, who loses
According to the brokerage,  JSW Steel was impacted the most from rising domestic prices. “But, given the weak outlook on domestic prices, we expect JSW Steel to benefit Q4FY14 onwards.”
On the contrary, margins of  Tata Steel (domestic operations),  SAIL and Jindal Steel & Power , which have captive iron ore would be under pressure due to dilution in mining margins, according to analysts.
“We maintain our underweight rating on the steel sector given the expensive valuations and depleting advantage of cheap domestic iron ore,” they said.
JSW Steel stock price
On November 21, 2014, JSW Steel closed at Rs 1189.10, down Rs 20.05, or 1.66 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1365.35 and the 52-week low was Rs 805.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 124.82 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 9.53. The latest book value of the company is Rs 970.48 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.23.
RELATED NEWS

Reduce Emami says Prabhudas Lilladher  target Rs 610Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Reduce Emami says Prabhudas Lilladher, target Rs 610
Brokerage house Prabhudas Lilladher has initiated its coverage on Emami with a "Reduce" rating on the stock. The firm believes the stock is trading at a premium to Hindustan Unilever and Colgate despite lower ROE and dividend payout. It has set a price target of Rs 610.
Post your opinion here
 
Brokerage house Prabhudas Lilladher has initiated its coverage on  Emami with a "Reduce" rating on the stock. The firm believes the stock is trading at a premium to Hindustan Unilever and Colgate despite lower ROE and dividend payout. It has set a price target of Rs 610.
Emami is a play on growing demand in emerging India:
Emami has 61% market share in Navratna (Cooling oil), 78% share in Boroplus (Antiseptic cream), 61% in Zandu and Mentho Plus (Pain balm) and 64% in Fair and Handsome (Men’s fairness) which contribute 73% to sales. Dominating market shares, pricing power, small packs and low penetration in small town and rural India will enable low teens domestic sales growth in these product categories.
Emami large competitive categories to shore up growth:
Emami has entered into segments like Deo, Facewash, Hair Oils and Sanitary Napkins which are highly competitive but 3x the size of existing product categories. The company is making huge changes at organisational level by induction of new breed of professional managers, distribution expansion and implementation of IT enabled systems and processes to compete with players like HUVR, P&G, Dabur and J&J in these categories. We remain cautious on new launches, given the mixed track record. Zandu OTC led by brands like ‘Pancharishta’ and ‘Vigorex’ will sustain 25% sales CAGR.
Valuations at a premium to HUVR and CLGT
We estimate Emami to sustain 16% EPS CAGR over FY14-17 curtailed by peaked out EBITDA margins and likely increase in tax rates. Emami is trading at a premium to Hindustan Unilever and Colgate despite having lower ROE and dividend payout. We note that valuations at 31xFY16 leave little scope for re-rating. We initiate coverage with ‘Reduce’ rating.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Modi to undertake over 50 engagements during US visitSep 23, 2014, 03.06 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Modi to undertake over 50 engagements during US visit
A hectic agenda awaits Modi in the US as he would utilise his stay to meet top global leaders, address thousands of cheering crowds, make a speech at the UN General Assembly (UNGA) and interact with CEOs of the Fortune 500, in addition to his Oval Office meeting with President Obama.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi to undertake over 50 engagements during US visit
A hectic agenda awaits Modi in the US as he would utilise his stay to meet top global leaders, address thousands of cheering crowds, make a speech at the UN General Assembly (UNGA) and interact with CEOs of the Fortune 500, in addition to his Oval Office meeting with President Obama.
Post your opinion here
 
From meeting President Barack Obama to delivering his maiden speech at the UN General Assembly, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will have his hands full during his visit to the US, where he is expected to undertake more than 50 engagements over 100 hours of stay.
A hectic agenda awaits Modi in the US as he would utilise his stay to meet top global leaders, address thousands of cheering crowds, make a speech at the UN General Assembly
(UNGA) and interact with CEOs of the Fortune 500, in addition to his Oval Office meeting with President Obama.
The series of engagements - estimated to be over 50 - in a little over 100 hours from the time Air India One touches down at the John F Kennedy international airport in New York on September 26 till the wheels are up at the Andrews Air Force Base in Washington on September 30 evening - are all aimed at achieving Modi's goal of a resurgent India.
In his interactions with top American CEOs, a majority of whom are said to be from Fortune 500, the Prime Minister would be rolling out his policy of "red carpet and not red tape" to invite them to come, invest and make in India.
In his interaction with leaders like American business magnate and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, Modi would be listening to his experience of smart cities.
In his address to nearly 20,000 Indian-Americans and in his subsequent meetings with the Indian diaspora, Modi is expected to seek their "partnership" in a resurgent India, which occupies its due place in the international community.
Modi would also be meeting top American political leadership ranging from former US President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to Indian-American South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley.
Modi will be hosted for tea by Speaker of the US House of Representatives Joe Boehner and more than 50 lawmakers during his stay either in New York or Washington.
In Washington, there is a very high level of expectations from Modi's meeting with President Obama.
Obama has gone out of his way to host a rare private dinner for Modi at the White House on September 29, so as to establish a personal relationship with the Indian leader.
Ahead of his main summit at the White House on September 30, Modi would visit the Martin Luther King Memorial and Lincoln Memorial in Washington and pay floral tribute to
Mahatma Gandhi's statue in front of the Indian Embassy.
This would be for the first time that an Indian Prime Minister would have so many public and private engagements during a US visit.
With an unusually lean and thin delegation on board, the Air India One would land at the John F Kennedy Airport on September 26 afternoon, where Modi would be received by Indian Ambassador to the US S Jaishankar and Indian Ambassador to the United Nations Asoke Mukerji.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio would make a courtesy call on the Prime Minister on the day of his arrival.
He would also meet Noble Laureate Harold Eliot Varmus, who is the current Director of the National Cancer Institute.
Modi would begin the next day, September 27, with a visit to the 9/11 memorial New York, after which he is expected to drive down to the United Nations headquarters to
address the 69th annual session of UN General Assembly.
His speech will be televised live in India. Following his address, Modi is scheduled to have a series of bilateral meetings with a host of world leaders.
He would also meet UN General Secretary Ban Ki-moon.
On Saturday Modi would meet Bloomberg, mainly because of his involvement in smart city projects.
The Prime Minister is interested in seeking his views on the ambitions 100 smart cities project that his government has undertaken after coming to power in May this year.
The same day, the Prime Minister will drive down to the historic Central Park to address the annual Global Citizens Initiative, which aims at building a sustainable world community for all.
Modi is expected to deliver an address to the thousands of people who would gather at the Central Park for the event.
Later in the evening, Modi would meet a small group of eminent Indian-Americans, with whom he would like to talk essentially about the role the community can play in achieving his goal of inclusive growth, resurgent India and to strengthen India-US relationship.
September 28 is a day dedicated to the Indian diaspora on his calendar, wherein he would address some 20,000 Indian - Americans - from 48 American States and five Canadian
provinces - at the Madison Square garden, with several thousand people watching them live at the iconic Times Square.
He would also meet Haley before heading to Madison Square Garden event.
Bobby Jindal, another Indian-American Governor, is not on Modi's list of meetings.
Several Congressmen, including Indian-American Ami Bera are scheduled to either listen to Modi's speech at the Madison Square Garden or attend the community dinner hosted in his honour by the Indian Ambassador later in the evening.
On Monday, September 29, Modi is expected to begin his day with a meeting with top American CEOs.
While the list of attending CEOs has not been released, a significant majority of them are likely to be from Fortune 200 and almost all of them from Fortune 500, thus reflecting the new energy and enthusiasm about India among the top American corporate executives.
A select group of top American CEOs are likely to call on Modi separately on a one-on-one basis.
Thereafter the Prime Minister has a meeting with former US President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
After meeting them, Modi will drive down to the Council on Foreign Relations, a top American think-tank where, he would interact with the who's who of the US think tank community on foreign policy matters.
The media has not been invited for it, but the event would be telecast live on the internet.
Soon after that, Modi would head towards the airport and land at the Andrews Air Force in Washington DC later in the afternoon.
In the evening, Obama will host a private working dinner in Modi's honor at the White House.
Next morning, on September 30, Modi will visit the Marin Luther King Jr memorial and Lincoln memorial, and would pay floral tributes to Mahatma Gandhi's statue in front of the Indian Embassy in WashingtonC.
He would also spend some time inside the Embassy and interact with the Embassy staff - a practice that he has started during his overseas trips.
Thereafter, Modi would drive down to the White House for meeting with Obama at his Oval Office.
A joint statement is expected to be issued at the end of the meeting.
There is also a possibility of the two making a joint appearance to the media in the Rose Garden.
Modi would then be hosted for lunch by Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the State Department.
Following the lunch, Modi would go to the Capitol Hill for a tea hosted in his honor by the Speaker of the US House of Representatives.
A large number of US lawmakers are expected to attend this despite that they would be busy in their election campaign.
There is no separate Senate meeting, but many of the leading Senators are expected to meet him during the course of his stay in New York and Washington DC.
The US India Business Council (USIBC) would then host the final public engagement for Modi, which would be attended by a large number of American CEOs.
Modi is likely to deliver a speech here, before the wheels are up at the Andrews Air Force Base in the evening of September 30.
RELATED NEWS

Airstrikes must be agreed with Syria or will fuel tensionAirstrikes must be agreed with Syria or will fuel tension
Gold  silver recover on low-level buying  global cuesHi Guest
Gold, silver recover on low-level buying, global cues
Snapping three days of losses, gold prices rebounded by Rs 150 to Rs 27,000 per ten gram in the national capital on Tuesday on emergence of buying by jewellers and retailers at existing lower levels amid a firm global trend. Silver followed suit and recovered by Rs 250 to Rs 39,500 per kg on increased offtake by industrial offtake.  Traders said emergence of buying at prevailing lower levels by jewellers and retailers ahead of the festive and wedding season, a firm global trend mainly led the ...

CESC gains after board OKs raising fundsCESC gains after board OKs raising funds
No plans to raise allocation in food welfare programmeNo plans to raise allocation in food welfare programme
Punjab to introduce online lotteryPunjab to introduce online lottery
Syndicate Bank sacks arrested chairman S.K. JainSyndicate Bank sacks arrested chairman S.K. Jain
Philips to split off lighting business  form separate companyPhilips to split off lighting business  form separate company
Stay invested in IDFC  advises Jagannadham ThunuguntlaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Stay invested in IDFC, advises Jagannadham Thunuguntla
Jagannadham Thunuguntla, Head of Research at SMC Global Securities is of the view that one may stay invested in IDFC.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
Jagannadham Thunuguntla, Head of Research at SMC Global Securities told CNBC-TV18, "One should stay invested in  IDFC , it is a very good investment bet. I am not sure whether it makes sense to be a trader in IDFC. If you can add more shares that will be very good, have patience of one and half years. I am sure one will make money in this. Whenever the stock dips, if you can add more that would be best."
At 15:25 hrs IDFC was quoting at Rs 142.30, down Rs 2.35, or 1.62 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 146.35 and an intraday low of Rs 142.15.
RELATED NEWS

MCX Stock Exchange rechristenedTweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
MCX Stock Exchange has received approval from the capital market regulator SEBI to change its name to Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India, abbreviated as mSXI.
The name change is a part of the turnaround strategy to give the exchange a new identity and disassociate itself from the scam-tainted promoter Financial Technologies.
The exchange is in the process of making an application to the Registrar of Companies for registration of the new name, said MCX Stock Exchange in a press release.
The board of MCX-SX approved the proposal for rechristening the exchange few months ago and subsequently an application was submitted to the Securities and Exchange Board of India. The functioning and trading operations will remain seamless as the exchange would migrate to the brand identity over the next few months upon RoC approval.
MCX-SX has recently shifted its office to the new office premises in Bandra Kurla Complex and also moved the data centre to Tata Communications. Shifting of the data centre has also helped the exchange in vastly improving its latency.
Saurabh Sarkar, Managing Director & CEO, MCX-SX, said this development is a crucial driver of the rebranding initiatives and member engagement programmes linked to the exchange's activities.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Alibaba surges in IPO debutBoom: Alibaba surges 38% in huge IPO debut
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 19, 2014: 4:21 PM ET
 
This is how a stock is born
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Alibaba, the biggest IPO to ever hit Wall Street, made a huge splash when it started trading Friday.
Shares of the Chinese e-commerce giant closed at $93.89, marking a 38% pop from the $68 price of its record-shattering initial public offering.
The bounce signals optimism among investors about Alibaba's ( BABA ) ability to continue its rapid growth trajectory as China's middle class grows and and the company expands to other parts of the world.
Moments after the stock started trading, the co-founder and CEO of the company, Jack Ma, told CNNMoney he's "honored" and "humbled."
Ma told CNBC that years from now he wants Alibaba to be compared with American icons like Wal-Mart ( WMT ), Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) and IBM ( IBM , Tech30 ). People will say Alibaba "changed the world," he said.
Related: Everything you need to know about Alibaba
Alibaba opened at $92.70 and then raced to nearly $100 before sinking back below the IPO price for a few hours. The initial trading day for any stock is almost always volatile, but Alibaba's will be seen as a win.
Unlike the disastrous 2012 Facebook ( FB , Tech30 )IPO on Nasdaq, Alibaba's first few hours as a public company went smoothly. That's good news for the New York Stock Exchange, where Alibaba chose to list its high-profile IPO under the ticker symbol "BABA."
Alibaba raised $21.8 billion late Thursday. That's the largest ever IPO for a company listed on an American exchange.
It might turn out to be the biggest IPO in the world. Goldman Sach ( GS )and the other investment banks that made the IPO happen have the option to purchase additional shares. If those options are exercised as expected, the Alibaba deal would raise $25 billion -- a global record.
Alibaba is cashing in on a very bullish overall atmosphere for stocks. The Dow and S&P 500 set new all-time records this week.
Don't worry if you've never heard of Alibaba. You haven't been living under a rock.
The Chinese company, which was founded in 1999 by former English teacher Ma, has yet to make its presence felt in the U.S. But the truckload of new cash raised by the IPO should change that.
Alibaba has largely focused on the exploding Chinese Internet market, which has already made the company a dominant player in e-commerce.
Related: Alibaba IPO means a big payday for Jack Ma
Investors are so excited about the company becasue roughly $248 billion of merchandise exchanged hands on Alibaba's platforms in 2013, according to IDC. That trumps the gross merchandise volume of Amazon.com ( AMZN , Tech30 ), eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ), JD.com ( JD ) and Japan's Rakuten ( RKUNF ) -- combined.
Thanks to those impressive figures, Alibaba starts life with some elite company you've definitely heard of. At the $68 IPO price, Alibaba was valued at $168 billion. That's more than Amazon.com.
After the first day of trading, Alibaba now has an even more impressive valuation of $231 billion, which is greater than Facebook and more than halfway to catching Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ).
Many investors like to consider the price-to-earnings ratio as a way to gauge how expensive a stock is. Based on its earnings for the year ended March 31, Alibaba is trading at a very lofty price-to-earnings multiple of 61.
Analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald launched coverage of Alibaba on Friday with a "buy" rating, although they have a price target of $90, which has already been surpassed.
"We believe that a differentiated pricing model, strong brand and unmatched scale give Alibaba an unfair competitive advantage," Cantor analyst Youssef Squali wrote in a note.
Retail investors are showing some serious interest in Alibaba. TD Ameritrade ( AMTD ) said Alibaba orders were on track to represent 15% of daily average revenue trades at the brokerage. By comparison, Facebook represented 22% of trades on its IPO day and Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) was about 5%.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) investors are also cheering because the U.S. Internet company is cashing in a chunk of its investment in Alibaba. After taxes, Yahoo is poised to make around $5.1 billion by selling about 122 million Alibaba shares. Yahoo is holding onto a major stake that translates to billions more in value.
First Published: September 19, 2014: 11:59 AM ET
Most Popular

PNB approves 1:5 share split to increase liquidityPunjab National Bank approves 1:5 share split to increase liquidity
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 19:37 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
State-run Punjab National Bank (PNB) has approved sub-division of one equity share into five with the aim to increase liquidity of the scrip.
"The board (of the bank) also considered and granted in-principle approval for spilt of existing equity shares of face value of Rs 10 each into 5 equity shares of face value of Rs 2 each," PNB said in a statement on Monday.
Besides, at its meeting on September 19, the board discussed various options of raising capital to meet Basel-III norms , and to fund the general business needs of the bank.
Among the issues discussed were allotment of shares to employees under Employees Stock Purchase Scheme (ESPS) or any other scheme.
It also explored the avenues for raising capital through Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP), Follow-on public offer (FPO) or rights issue and raise Basel III compliant additional Tier-I capital bonds.
The above actions are subject to regulatory approvals including the government.
Meanwhile, another PSU lender Punjab & Sind Bank approved the conversion of Perpetual Non-cumulative Preference Shares (PNCPS) of Rs 200 crore, Perpetual Cumulative Preference Shares (PCPS) of Rs 200 crore and Innovative Perpetual Debt Instruments (IPDI) of Rs 160 crore held by government, aggregating to Rs 560 crore, into shares worth Rs 9.46 crore.
Besides, it has also obtained approval to allot shares of up to Rs 6.76 crore, aggregating up to Rs 400 crore, to Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), General Insurance Corporation of India (GIC) and subsidiary companies of GIC on preferential basis at an issue price of Rs 59.14 per share.

German giants spend $25B to buy U.S. rivalsGerman giants spend $25 billion to buy U.S. rivals
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN September 22, 2014: 10:32 AM ET
LONDON (CNNMoney)
European companies just can't get enough of their U.S. rivals.
Two German firms snapped up U.S. competitors for $25 billion before the opening bell Monday, looking beyond record stock prices and a stronger dollar to acquire advanced technology in booming sectors.
In the bigger of the two takeovers, German drug group Merck KGaA ( MKGAF ) will buy Sigma-Aldrich ( SIAL ), based in St Louis, Missouri, for about $17 billion in cash. Merck is offering Sigma shareholders a 37% premium to Friday's closing price.
Merck described the deal as a "quantum leap" that would create a life sciences business better able to compete in the market for research, drugs and biotechnology.
Aging populations in the rich world and rising disposable incomes in many emerging markets are boosting demand for health care, even as many governments demand lower costs, driving a surge in corporate activity .
There were 33 mergers and acquisitions in the sector in the second quarter -- worth $14.5 billion -- according to PwC, up from 23 in the same period last year.
Energy is another hot sector.
Siemens ( SIEGY ) said Monday it was buying Dresser-Rand ( DRC ), of Houston, Texas, for $7.6 billion in cash, or $83 per share. Dresser-Rand closed Friday at $79.91, up more than 17% for the week.
Dresser-Rand is an oil services and power generation technology company. It will give Siemens greater exposure to the U.S. fracking boom .
Related: Burger King is latest in M&A frenzy
U.S. stocks hit new record highs last week, helped by a reassurance from the Federal Reserve that interest rates won't rise any time soon despite stronger growth that is boosting corporate profits.
The dollar has gained 8% against the euro, and 3.5% against the pound, since May -- making U.S. assets more expensive for European buyers.
But that isn't stopping executives eager to find stronger growth than Europe can offer .
There have been 397 European takeovers of U.S. companies, worth nearly $156 billion, so far this year. That's up from 339 deals worth $25.6 billion in the same period of 2013.
Of this year's deals, 55 were by German firms, up from 42 in 2013.
The figures include the Siemens/Dresser-Rand deal, but not the Merck/Sigma-Aldrich deal.
First Published: September 22, 2014: 9:08 AM ET
Most Popular

New IPR policy: Nirmala holds 1st meeting with stakeholdersSep 22, 2014, 09.44 PM IST  | Source: PTI
New IPR policy: Nirmala holds 1st meeting with stakeholders
On September 8, the Minister had announced that the government will come out with a policy on intellectual property rights (IPRs) to make it more robust.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
New IPR policy: Nirmala holds 1st meeting with stakeholders
On September 8, the Minister had announced that the government will come out with a policy on intellectual property rights (IPRs) to make it more robust.
Post your opinion here
 
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman today discussed with stakeholders various issues related with intellectual property rights to outline  the contours of the new IPR policy. "Had a brainstorming session with IPR stakeholders, experts and practitioners for a holistic IPR Policy," Sitharaman said in her tweet.
On September 8, the Minister had announced that the government will come out with a policy on intellectual property rights (IPRs) to make it more robust. An official said that today was the first meeting in which all the stakeholders, including government officials from different departments, academicians, IPR practitioners and professors participated.
"India does not have an IPR policy. This is the first time we are coming out with an IPR policy. IPR policy issues have been hanging for quite a long time," Sitharaman had said. By February-end or March, the commerce and industry ministry would prepare the draft IPR policy and put on the website for public comments, the official added.
The IPR policy would help modernise IP administration and offices; commercialisation of IP; collaboration between different departments including science and technology; encourage innovation and enhance domestic filing of patents. The policy also assumes significance in view of the issues being raised by developed countries such as the US. Developed nations are picking holes in India's IPR laws because it does not have any policy, she said.
During the recent times, the Obama administration has been strongly criticising India's investment climate and IPR laws, especially in the pharmaceuticals and the solar sectors. India has maintained that its IPR regime is fully compliant with WTO laws and it will not take part in any unilateral investigations by the US on the matter.
RELATED NEWS

USL to sell 11.35% stake in arm Pioneer DistilleriesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indices in red as investors indulge in profit-bookingMarket update: Sensex, Nifty log biggest single-day fall in over two months
BT Online Bureau     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 17:10 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
In their worst single-day fall in over two months, the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Tuesday tumbled 431 points and Nifty tanked 129 points on massive selling by foreign funds and retail investors in bluechips amid weak global cues.
The 30-share BSE Sensex after remaining range-bound at start, dipped below the 27,000-mark as blue-chip stocks lost ground.
Selling intensified largely in tandem with a weak trend in the global markets and it finally settled 431.05 points, or 1.58 per cent, lower to close at 26,775.69. This is its worst drop since July 8 when Sensex had plummeted 517.97 points.
On similar lines, the broader 50-issue National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty dropped 128.75 points, or 1.58 per cent, to close below 8,100 mark at 8,017.55 after moving between 8,159.75 and 8,008.10 intra-day. Tueasday's drop is also Nifty's worst show since July 8 when it lost 163.95 points.
Besides, caution ahead of monthly expiry in the derivatives segment on Thursday saw participants reducing their positions, traders said.
All the sectoral indices led by realty, oil and gas and metal ended in the negative zone with strong profit-taking seen in recent outperforming sectors including banking, healthcare, capital goods, auto and IT stocks.
Selling was heavier in small-cap and mid-cap stocks with their indices falling up to 2.48 per cent, after posting handsome gains in Monday's session.
"Markets fell sharply on the back of profit booking and negative global cues. The selling pressure gained momentum after data released on Eurozone economic activity indicated continuing weakness in the region," said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President of Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Stocks like Cipla, Tata Motors, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Tata Power were major laggards today. TCS, Sun Pharma, SBI, RIL, ONGC, Mahindra and Mahindra, L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Coal India (CIL) fell sharply. Bucking the trend, stocks of Hindustan Unilever, ITC, Maruti Suzuki and NTPC gained.
Sectorally, the BSE Realty sector index suffered the most by losing 4.91 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas down 2.58 per cent, Capital Goods 2.40 per cent and Metal 2.33 per cent, among others.
Globally, major markets in Asia ended down and European markets were weak in their opening trades. A survey in China showed factory employment slumped to a five-and-a-half-year low, which also unnerved investors.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 186.41 crore on Monday.

NBBC Gains; Nomura Starts at  BuyThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
National Buildings Construction Corp (NBCC) surged as much as 7.6 per cent to all-time high of Rs 760 rupees.
Nomura started it with a "buy" rating and a target price of Rs 1,049. The brokerage said, "NBCC is fast emerging as a strong play on large redevelopment opportunities."
NBCC shares were trading up 6.65 per cent at Rs 753.25, on BSE as of 10.02 a.m.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 10:04 (IST)

Rupee Falls to 60.94 Per DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Falls to 60.94 Per Dollar as Indian Equities Struggle
Agencies | Updated On: September 23, 2014 10:18 (IST)
The rupee fell to 60.94 today vs Monday's close of 60.82 Foreign investors sold Indian shares worth $30.53 million on Monday, provisional data from exchange showed.
Emerging markets fell even after a private survey on China's factory sector outpaced market's expectations.
Worries sparked after survey also showed factory employment slumped to a 5-1/2 year low.
Traders said the rupee will hold in a 60.80 to 61.10 range on Tuesday.
(With inputs from Reuters)

United Spirits Gains on Value BuyingYou are here: Home Market
United Spirits Gains on Value Buying
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 10:41 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
United Spirits gained 1.5 per cent today on value buying. Traders said the stock's relative underperformance provides good entry point.
Stock was down 19.7 per cent as of Monday from a record high of Rs 2,940.80 hit on April 15.
The Nifty was up 21 per cent since April 15.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Interactive: No let up in flight of Kerala youthAir India flight at Indira Gandhi International Aiport, New Delhi. (Source: Express Archives)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 23, 2014 11:01 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 11:45 am
Contrary to the 2011 forecast that migration of Kerala youth to abroad, especially to Gulf countries, for work will decline in the next three years, a new survey by the Centre for Development Studies has shown that there has been an increase in the number of emigrants from the state.
The study, which was released last week, blame it on the state’s inability to provide jobs to them.
The study was conducted by Prof K C Zachariah and S Irudaya Rajan of the Research Unit on International Migration at the Centre for Development Studies (CDS), Thiruvananthapuram. The report was released on Wednesday. This was the sixth in the series of a migration study conducted by the CDS for Kerala Planning Board.
 

Modi magic needed to salvage Shiv Sena- BJP alliancealliance
(Shiv Sena- BJP alliance…)
MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena- BJP alliance is all but over, unless PM Narendra Modi and Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray pull it back from the brink. While on Monday Shiv Sena put up posters in the city against BJP president Amit Shah, asking who after Adil Shah and Kutub Shah this new Shah (or ruler) is, BJP is playing the waiting game.
The BJP leadership cannot agree to Sena's "final offer" of just 119 seats, but it does not want to be seen as the partner that broke off a 25-year-long alliance of two ideologically compatible parties. So, BJP has decided not to precipitate the crisis in the Maharashtra alliance further. Instead, it will let Sena break the alliance, if it remains adamant and does not let BJP contest 130 seats.
BJP leaders Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Piyush Goyal and Om Mathur went into a huddle on Monday evening to evolve a strategy to break the deadlock. "We will go ahead with the negotiations till the very last. We don't want people to think that we have made up our minds and that we don't want an alliance to happen. We are still open to it if we are able to get 130 seats to contest," said a national functionary of BJP.
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's statements on Sunday about his father Bal Thackeray saving Modi's job in 2002 and of the lost bonhomie between the leaders of both the allies have only driven the two parties farther apart. State BJP Chief Devendra Fadnavis while participating in a Marathi TV programme said that the "Sena doesn't seem to want to break the deadlock on seat sharing."
BJP state unit leaders believe that Sena is willing to go to any extent to stop BJP from growing. "It seems we should not become a bigger party in Maharashtra and to prevent it they are even willing to ensure that the Congress-NCP alliance comes back to power," said the BJP state unit leader.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IFC raises Rs 600 cr via maharaja bondsIFC raises Rs 600 cr via maharaja bonds
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
International Finance Corporation (IFC) has raised $100 million or about Rs 600 crore through IFC maharaja bonds from international and domestic investors. The bonds will be listed on the NSE.
There are four tranches with different maturities under the same issuance. The issue comprises a 5-year bullet bond of 25 million, a 10-year bullet bond of 25 million and two separately tradeable redeemable principal parts with maturity of between 13 and 20 years.
The bond proceeds will be used for infrastructure investment in India. This is the first international AAA issuance in India. HSBC, ICICI securities and SBI Caps were lead arrangers to the issue.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Syria says Washington informed it before strikes on Islamic State targetsFILE - In this Sunday, Aug. 10, 2014, file photo, a fighter jet coming from Iraq lands on the flight deck of the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush, in the Persian Gulf. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Damascus | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:09 pm
The Syrian foreign ministry said on Tuesday that the United States informed Damascus’ envoy to the United Nations before launching airstrikes against the Islamic State group in Syria.
The ministry issued a brief statement, carried by Syrian state media, saying that “the American side informed Syria’s permanent envoy to the U.N. that strikes will be launched against the Daesh terrorist organization in Raqqa.”
(Source: AP)
The statement used an Arabic name referring to the Islamic State group, which seized large chunks of Syrian and Iraqi territory in a blitz this summer.
The airstrikes hit targets in and around the Syrian city of Raqqa and the province with the same name, activists said, adding that there were casualties among Islamic State militants on the ground. The city of Raqqa is the militant group’s self-declared capital in Syria.
The ministry statement was Damascus’ first official reaction after the U.S. and five Arab countries launched airstrikes on Islamic State group’s targets in Syria late on Monday, expanding a military campaign into a country whose three-year civil war has given the brutal militant group a safe haven.
(Source: AP)
U.S. officials said the airstrikes began around 8:30 p.m. EDT (0030 GMT), and were conducted by the U.S., Bahrain, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and the United Arab Emirates.
In the past, Syrian officials have insisted that any strikes against the Islamic State group in the country should come only after coordination with Damascus. Without their consent, Syrian officials have said such airstrikes would be an act of aggression against Syria and a breach of the country’s sovereignty.
However, U.S. officials have ruled out direct coordination with Syrian President Bashar Assad’s government.
Rami Abdurrahman, who heads the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, an activist group, said the airstrikes targeted the northern province of Raqqa, as well as its provincial capital.
The Observatory, which has a network of activists around the country, said the attacks came after drones flew over areas under control of the Islamic State group.
Abdurrahman said about 20 air strikes hit Raqqa province, adding there were casualties among jihadi fighters, mostly on checkpoints. He said that in addition to the city of Raqqa, there were strikes on the towns of Tabqa, Ein Issa and the border town of Tel Abyad on the border with Turkey.
An anti-militant media collective entitled “Raqqa is being silently slaughtered” said that the targets included the governorate building or municipality used by continued…

http://usat.ly/1skfP5zFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Inside London's massive sewer tunnel project
Billions of dollars are being spent on a massive super sewer to take away London's vast output of waste, which is endangering the River Thames. (Sept. 22)
Post to Facebook
Inside London's massive sewer tunnel project Billions of dollars are being spent on a massive super sewer to take away London's vast output of waste, which is endangering the River Thames. (Sept. 22) Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1siRBZw
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Inside London's massive sewer tunnel project
Billions of dollars are being spent on a massive super sewer to take away London's vast output of waste, which is endangering the River Thames. (Sept. 22) AP
More Videos:

PM Modi s  Make in India  Push to Drive Investments  Create JobsPM Modi s  Make in India  Push to Drive Investments  Create Jobs
A bumper listing: Sharda Cropchem soars 76%Sharda Cropchem lists at 75% premium to issue price
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 10.37AM IST
Tags:
( It surged 75.64 per cent,…)
MUMBAI: Sharda Cropchem, a crop protection chemical company, is holding onto intraday gains after a bumper listing.
At 12:45 p.m; the stock was at Rs 232.15, up 48.81 per cent, on the NSE. It surged 75.64 per cent, from its issue price of Rs 156, to touch all-time high of Rs 274 earlier in the day.
Sharda is engaged in marketing and distribution of wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally. It sources formulations/active ingredients from third party (primarily, China) for onward sale.
"About two years back we were 100% export oriented company, so 100% revenue was coming from exports. Two years back we acquired a small marketing company in India that is contributing to about 3 per cent of our revenue. Balance 97 per cent is coming from the exports," said RBV Bubna, MD, Sharda Cropchem in an interview to ET Now.
According to analysts at Ashika Research, the company has a strong balance sheet with healthy return ratios. It has maintained a focus on capital efficiency and has a conservative debt policy. It has the ability to leverage the balance sheet to take advantage of a favourable business cycle or market opportunity.
"It has strong return on capital employed (RoCE) of 25 per cent and return on equity (RoE) of close to 20 per cent. The net working capital days have also improved over the last four years and at the end of FY2014 the net working capital days stood at 99 days as compared with 143 days in FY2010," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Market to see pauses  but that ll be temporaryBirla Sunlife
(Market is no longer cheap…)
In a chat with ET Now, Mahesh Patil, Co-CIO, Birla Sunlife MF, shares his views on the markets. Excerpts:
ET Now: A check across various investor forums seems to be suggesting that India is still top on the mind of global investors. What about domestic investors like you? How are you mapping the market right now?
Mahesh Patil: We have seen a good rerating in our market in the last three-four months and the valuations are now slightly above the long-term average.
Looking at companies and stocks with a two-year view, we are clearly at a pace where we have seen some early signs of recovery in the broad economy, especially in some of the consumer discretionary names like autos. With earnings growth likely to be better this year, it can grow up to 15%-16% if you take a two-year view.
It is no longer cheap compared to what it was around six months back. The under valuation, which was there in a few sectors, has been covered up to some extent.
Going forward, a lot of sectors would do equally well, whether it is defensives like pharmaceuticals, IT, or even the cyclicals like banking or autos. The under valuation is no longer there and it will be purely driven by earnings growth. So, company stocks where the earnings growth would be higher are the bets which will be outperforming and our focus really would be more stock-specific going forward.
ET Now: Considering that the market has got a little bit sideways and volatile of late, what is the sense that you are getting?
Mahesh Patil: It is important to give investors a clear picture in terms of the medium and long-term outlook because we do not expect them to time the market.
From that perspective even while there might be some pauses at these levels and we expect some consolidation to happen, but that would be pretty temporary and it would be very fast and furious.
It is difficult for a retail investor to time that. So retail investors, who are looking at this market from the next two to three years' perspective, should continue to invest in this market.
Clearly, from a portfolio management perspective, at these levels we would be a bit cautious and will be looking at stock-specific opportunities.
We do not rule out a mild correction at these levels depending on how the global cues turn up. We have seen some weakness in the global markets recently and we believe that the valuations in our markets are slightly on the higher side. Also, India is now slightly over-owned in terms of the global context.
If you look at the weight of India in the emerging markets portfolio, it is at its historic high levels. So any fluctuation in the global markets or disturbance over there could lead to some volatility in our markets. But we as fund managers would manage the portfolio of retail investors. So, it is really important to really stay invested even at these levels.
 
ET Now: The market correction is only going to come in if indeed the global news is averse to the market move. How deep could the correction be and more importantly, what could be that big global trigger that could lead us to a fall?
Mahesh Patil: It is difficult to say what the correction could be. It could be the reversal of the interest rates cut in the US.
While you are right in saying that the market has been expecting that, but we have seen that when it actually happens, there are shifts in money flows across various asset classes and that could lead to some volatility.
We are not expecting a deep correction in our markets as the Indian markets still look relatively better compared to some of the other emerging markets, but whenever that happens, we cannot miss that. We will also follow with the global line, but on the other side, the domestic flows have been pretty good and we have seen that trend emerge in the last three months or so.
So, that should actually balance out and act as a cushioning impact if at all there is any global risk aversion.
ET Now: If the dollar strength and the rupee weakness lead to a bit of market fall, would IT still be able to withstand it and could IT actually strengthen further if the rupee were to weaken?
Mahesh Patil: There is some impact because of how the rupee behaves vis-a-vis the dollar, but the real outperformance or underperformance for the IT stocks in the medium or long term comes really from the outlook for IT services, say, in the US and Europe and how the demand outlook is shaping up over there.
Even for this year if you look at the IT budgets, most of the IT budgets are still behind schedule in terms of the target for this year. But we expect in the second half this year, most of the targets to be met and the deal flow pipeline for most of the large IT companies also seems to be pretty good.
So the volume growth outlook remains pretty strong between 14% and 16% range and that would be a key driver for the IT companies.

Domestic investment must also be a priorityDomestic investment must also be a priority
Daimler unveils self-driving truck  likely on roads in 10 yrsDaimler unveils self-driving truck, likely on roads in 10 yrs
Press Trust of India | Hannover Sep 23, 2014 12:58 PM IST
German commercial vehicles major Daimler AG has unveiled the concept of its self-driving truck 'Mercedes-Benz Future Truck 2025' that is capable operating without assistance from drivers on highways.
The autonomous truck equipped with radar sensors and camera technology is built on Highway Pilot system that resembles the autopilot system on an aircraft.
The truck was showcased on the eve of 65th International Motor Show for commercial vehicles here in Germany.
Commenting on Future 2025's features, Daimler Board Member for Trucks and Buses Wolfgang Bernhard said: "Our Future Truck 2025 provides compelling answers to the challenges that our customers will be facing in the future."
He further said: "Our aim therefore is to press forward with readying this technology for the market and to bring it to a series-production standard. I am convinced this will open up a whole new business perspective for Daimler Trucks."
Daimler said the Future Truck 2025 should be on roads in 10 years time.
While unveiling the product, Bernhard also called for discussions on legality and political framework on autonomously driving trucks.
"The challenge now is to leverage this momentum and to continue our open dialogue with all parties involved, so that in ten year's time the autonomously driving truck will indeed have become an accepted feature on our roads," he added.
Daimler Trucks invests Euro 1 billion per year into research and development, the company said.
Development of self-driving vehicles are gaining traction across the global automotive sector and Google has already unveiled its driverless car.

Maharashtra polls: Shiv Sena gives BJP 130 seats  keeps 151  say sources; CM issue remains31
0
Mumbai: Making last minutes effort to save the 25-year-old alliance, the Shiv Sena has sent a new seat sharing proposal to the Bharatiya Janata Party on Tuesday. According to the new proposal, the Sena has offered 130 seats to the BJP, other allies 7 and kept 151 out of 288 seats for itself, said sources.
The Sena has said that the party chief Uddhav Thackeray to be made chief minister if the alliance wins, said sources. The issue could become a bone of contention as the BJP has made it clear that the chief minister will be from the party which wins the maximum number of seats in the polls.
The proposal came after leader of both the parties met at the BJP head quarters to resolve the impasse.
The Sena has said that the party chief Uddhav Thackeray to be made chief minister if the alliance wins, said sources.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #shiv sena #bjp
Trouble has been brewing in the 25-year-old alliance as both parties have refused to budge on their demand of seats. Parties are hopeful of arriving at a consensus and will hold another round of meeting in the evening.
Both parties also held a joint press conference signalling that all is well in the alliance and will make efforts to save the alliance started by late Sena founder Bal Thackeray and late BJP leader Pramod Mahajan in 1986.
The BJP had earlier turned down the Sena's proposal of 119 seats and demanded 130 seats in the state polls. On Sunday, the Shiv Sena made a new offer to the BJP by giving them 119 seats, other allies 18 and keeping 151 out of 288 seats for itself.
The Sena has been adamant on his stand of contesting on at least 150 seats.
Senior Sena leader Sanjay Raut said, "We want to continue with alliance. Decision will be taken by today evening."
State BJP in-charge Rajiv Pratap Rudy had called the Sena proposal as very liberal.
He said, "We are ready to fight on 130 seats. We are also ready to fight on those seats which Sena has not won in the last 30 years. This is a very liberal proposal and hope Sena considers our proposal."
Late Union Minister Gopinath Munde's daughter Pankaja said, "When they (Bal Thackeray and Gopinath Munde) were alive, parties used to respect their decisions. I am sure same will happen this time."
Even though no final decision has been on the future of the 'Mahayuti' alliance, smaller allies are eyeing either of the two big players, which offer them maximum seats.
Before the polls, the BJP has the option of tying up with Raj Thackeray's MNS.
The decision on the BJP-Sena alliance will also seal the fate of 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance. The NCP might also contest alone if BJP and Shiv Sena decide to contest separately.
The BJP and Shiv Sena need to find a solution soon as the last date of filing nomination is September 27.
5

BSE Sensex dips below 27k level  down 362 pts on fund sell-offE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Assam floods claim eightlivesPress Trust of India | Guwhati | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:17 pm
Altogether eight people have died in heavy floods and landslides triggered by continuous rain for the last three days in Assam, where airforce helicopters, army, NDRF and SDRF have been pressed into service for rescue work, officials said.
The situation was the worst in Goalpara where five people have died and more than 50,000 people have been affected due to heavy rains in the state and neighbouring Meghalaya, District Deputy Commissioner Pritam Saikia said.
With rains halting on Tuesday, rescue and relief operation are on and airforce helicopters have been pressed into service to rescue the marooned people in Dudhnoi, Krishnai and Bolbola.
Army, NDRF and SDRF are also engaged round-the-clock for rescue work. However, majority of the people have come down on their own to the plains, he said.
The district administration has made arrangements to provide shelter and necessary relief materials to the affected, Saikia said.
The situation in Guwahati, where two persons have died -one in landslide and another due to electrocution following heavy precipitation in the past three days, was also improving as rains stopped since this morning.
The city recorded 162.56 mm of rainfall since last night and the severely affected areas of Anil Nagar, Tarun Nagar, Zoo Road and other areas remain waterlogged, Kamrup (Metro) district administration spokesman said.
About 300 people have been evacuated from Anil Nagar and housed in relief camps opened by Kamrup metropolitan district administration, which has also made arrangements for distribution of drinking water, candles, biscuits and other items to the affected people.
Ten boats have been pressed into service to provide relief and rescue people from Anilnagar, Nabinnagar, Lachitnagar, besides Rajgarh and Zoo Road in the heart of the city, the district administration officials said.
The situation in Dhubri district, bordering Bangladesh, was grim with water level of Brahmaputra river showing an upward trend.
People are being moved to safer places, Deputy Commissioner Kumud Kalita said.
One child was killed and three others were injured in landslides at Hatisinghmari area of the district, officials said.
The rains have severely affected electric supply and telephone services in both Goalpara and Dhubri districts.
Train services in central Assam’s Morigaon district were also affected as rain water submerged rail tracks between Jagiroad and Dharamtul stations, Northeast Frontier Railway spokesman said.
All up and down trains passing through the area have been regulated. The Ledo-Guwahati Intercity Express and Silghat-Kamakhya Express have been stopped at Jagiroad and Chaparmukh stations respectively, he added.
Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi held an emergency meeting with senior officials during the day to take stock of the flood situation in some parts of the state and directed the concerned authorities to take continued…

Jaypee Power may get CEA notice over HP hydel projectviolationsIt is likely that the CEA will ask the company to restrict its capacity to the clearance given by it.
New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:13 pm
The Central Electricity Authority (CEA) is likely to issue a showcause notice to JP Associates’ 100% subsidiary Jaiprakash Power Ventures (JPVL) for violating techno-economic clearance (TEC) conditions in the Karcham Wangtoo project. Though the techno-economic clearance was given for 1,000 megawatt, the project is currently running at 1,200 megawatt capacity.
Sources said the CEA had constituted a fact-finding team to ascertain the alleged violation of TEC by JPVL and on September 19 the authority, at its meeting, decided to issue the show cause notice.
It is likely that the CEA will ask the company to restrict its capacity to the clearance given by it. The CEA is also likely to inform the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) on the techno-economic clearance violations for the project. This is because last week JPVL had filed a petition in CERC for the final tariff after interim tariff was not granted by the CERC.
The Karcham Wangtoo project is part of a 1,800-MW MoU signed with Reliance Power for three hydel projects, including Karcham Wangtoo. There are now doubts that these issues may delay the closure of the deal.
When contacted a Jaypee Group spokesperson said, “We will reply to CEA’s notice once we have received it”.
FE Bureau

Alibaba s founder Jack Ma is now China s ric...Alibaba's Jack Ma rises to top of China rich list as tech tycoons gain
By Reuters | 23 Sep, 2014, 01.31PM IST
0
Share More
Alibaba's Jack Ma knocked Wang Jianlin, head of the Wanda property group, into second place with $24.2 billion.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Jack Ma , executive chairman of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd , has become China's richest man with a fortune estimated at $25 billion, underscoring the ascension of tech tycoons over real estate peers in the world's second biggest economy.
Ma knocked Wang Jianlin, head of the Wanda property group, into second place with $24.2 billion, according to this year's list of China's super-rich published by Hurun Reports Inc.
Tech billionaires accounted for half of the top 10 names and included Tencent Holdings Ltd founder Pony Ma in fifth place with a $18.1 billion fortune and Baidu Inc CEO Robin Li in sixth position with $17.5 billion.
Making the top 10 for the first time were cellphone company Xiaomi Inc co-founder Lei Jun and e-commerce entrepreneur Liu Qiangdong who led JD.com to a New York listing this year - in ninth and tenth position respectively.
While six real estate developers occupied the top 10 places in 2013, just two made the cut this year, a reflection of a Chinese housing market that has stalled for several quarters.
Although the vast majority of the roughly 1,100 people tracked by Hurun saw their wealth grow, it's tense times for the Chinese elite as President Xi Jinping's administration continues its far-reaching corruption crackdown in both the public and private sectors.
According to Hurun, five members of its rich list are under investigation, two have been imprisoned, two are awaiting sentencing, one has been sentenced to death, while one - the flamboyant Sichuan businessman Li Yan - has disappeared altogether.
Hurun said it counted a record 354 U.S. dollar billionaires in mainland China, up 13 per cent from last year and which compares with just 65 billionaires in 2012.
"The entrepreneurial spirit that has caught China seems not to be abating, with eight self-made individuals born in the eighties making the list," said British accountant Rupert Hoogewerf, Hurun Report chairman and chief researcher.
Hurun said its rankings were accurate as of mid-August. It was not immediately clear what valuation it used for Alibaba. A record-setting IPO this month catapulted Alibaba's valuation to well over $200 billion. Ma owns 7.8 per cent of Alibaba and also made gains of some $850 million by selling shares in the offering.
Despite the size of Alibaba's IPO, only one other Alibaba shareholder, Simon Xie, made Hurun's list, coming in at No. 177. Xie is an Alibaba vice president and co-founder who holds significant shares in the company alongside Ma.

Gold Recovers by Rs 150 to Rs 27 000 on Low-Level Buying  Global CuesManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: Snapping three days of losses, gold prices rebounded by Rs 150 to Rs 27,000 per 10 grams in the national capital on Tuesday on emergence of buying by jewellers and retailers at existing lower levels amid a firm global trend.
Silver followed suit and recovered by Rs 250 to Rs 39,500 per kg on increased offtake by industrial offtake.
Emergence of buying at prevailing lower levels by jewellers and retailers ahead of the festive and wedding season, a firm global trend mainly led the recovery in precious metals, according to traders.
Globally, gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, recovered from an eight-month low by rising 0.4 per cent to $1,220.21 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity recovered by Rs 150 each to Rs 27,000 and Rs 26,850 per 10 grams respectively. It had lost Rs 600 in last three sessions.
Sovereign, however, ruled steady at Rs 24,200 per piece of 8 grams in scattered deals.
In a similar fashion, silver ready rose by Rs 250 to Rs 39,500 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 455 to Rs 39,350 per kg. The white metal had lost Rs 2,350 in the previous five sessions.
On the other hand, silver coins continued to be traded at last level of Rs 69,000 for buying and Rs 70,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 14:22 (IST)

How Sun will pay less than 20% tax for next 5 yearsSep 23, 2014, 02.58 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
How Sun will pay less than 20% tax for next 5 years
In fiscal year 2013-14, India’s leading pharmaceuticals firm, Sun, paid Rs 702 crore of tax on profit before tax of Rs 4,581 crore. This makes the effective rate at which Sun Pharma paid corporate tax work out to 15.3 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
How Sun will pay less than 20% tax for next 5 years
In fiscal year 2013-14, India’s leading pharmaceuticals firm, Sun, paid Rs 702 crore of tax on profit before tax of Rs 4,581 crore. This makes the effective rate at which Sun Pharma paid corporate tax work out to 15.3 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
In fiscal year 2013-14, India’s leading pharmaceuticals firm, Sun , paid Rs 702 crore of tax on profit before tax of Rs 4,581 crore. This makes the effective rate at which Sun Pharma paid corporate tax work out to 15.3 percent.
Indian corporates are taxed at a headline rate of 34 percent though this can be brought down by things such as depreciation/amortization, sunset clauses or R&D spends apart from setting up subsidiaries in lower-tax countries.
Historically, Sun Pharma has managed to be one of the corporates that have had the lowest effective tax rates in the country. In fact, its effective tax rate has now gone up from mid single digits a few years back from mid-teens now.
In a recent note, though, Credit Suisse said Sun can sustain its current low tax rate is sustainable and is likely to remain below 20 percent for at least the next five years.
Analysing the firm’s annual report, the brokerage said Sun’s tax rate is low for two reasons: re-organisation of India business into a separate subsidiary, and more than 40 percent of its profit before tax being captured in tax-exempted zones.
“After its partnership structure was brought under MAT (minimum alternate tax), Sun transferred its India formulations into a 100 percent subsidiary and revalued trademarks and brands,” it said.
Sun Pharma spun off its India formulations business from the standalone entity to ‘Sun Pharma Laboratories’ with effect from March 2012. In addition, Sun Pharma also amalgamated a couple of other subsidiaries-- Sun Pharma Medication Private Ltd (SPMPL) and Sun Pharma Drugs Private Ltd (SPDPL) -- with effect from September 2012.
“As part of the spin-off, Sun Pharma transferred assets having a book value of Rs 3 billion to Sun Pharma Laboratories. However, in Sun Pharma Laboratories’ financials, these assets were accounted at a fair value of Rs 183 billion (under the heading Intangibles through Business Combination). As per the accounting policies of Sun Pharma Laboratories, the intangible assets will be amortised on a straight-line basis over the life of the assets (12 years),” Credit Suisse said.
As a result, the tax-deductible amortization expense has and will continue to help Sun bring down its effective tax rate.
Sun’s low tax rate in FY14 was also helped by higher proportion of PBT captured at the tax-exempted UAE subsidiary, Sun Pharma Global FZE.
Historically, PBT margins at this subsidiary were about 40-50 percent but FY14 PBT margin was very high at almost 100 percent.
“It is possible that this could have been driven by one-off factors in FY14 but Sun Pharma Global FZE stays as one of the key reasons for the lower tax at Sun Pharma,” Credit Suisse said. “We want to further highlight that Sun Pharma has incorporated a new subsidiary in Switzerland, which should help diversify its profit stream from tax-exempted zones.”
Also, last year Sun decided to to spin off the therapeutic and investment business undertaking of Sun Pharma Global FZE into itself without any consideration.
“Hence, all assets and liabilities of the said undertaking were taken over at carrying values and Rs 28.1 billion was recognized as capital reserve,” Motilal Oswal wrote in a note.
“Thus, the merger of Sun Pharma Global FZE undertaking with the standalone entity resulted in significant tax savings for the standalone entity as SPGF operates in a tax-free zone,” it added.
Sun Pharma stock price
On November 21, 2014, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries closed at Rs 842.35, down Rs 8.75, or 1.03 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 932.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 552.50.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 35.77 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 23.55.
RELATED NEWS

36 per cent increase in Delhi s dengue cases; total reaches 75Sep 23, 2014 at 02:36pm IST
36 per cent increase in Delhi's dengue cases; total reaches 75
4
1
New Delhi: A total of 75 cases of dengue have been reported in the national capital so far this year with an increase of 36 per cent noted over the last one week, as per a report.
A total of 55 cases were reported in Delhi till September 13, the report by South Delhi Municipal Corporation said.
While figures for various corporations in Delhi are 9 (North Corporation), 34 (South Corporation) and 9 (East Corporation), 12 cases were reported from regions in Delhi outside the jurisdiction of the three municipal corporations and 11 from neighbouring states, the report said.
A total of 75 cases of dengue have been reported in Delhi this year with an increase of 36 per cent noted over the last one week.
#delhis dengue cases #malaria #dengue mosquitoes #awareness campaigns
Over 5,500 dengue cases and six deaths were registered in the national capital last year, according to the SDMC, which compiles the vector-borne diseases report for the city.
Dengue mosquitoes were found breeding at various institutions so far this year, including six cases at Lok Nayak Jaiprakash Hospital (LNJP) and three at the the headquarters of the North Delhi Municipal Corporation itself.
In a recent report released by the North Delhi Municipal Corporation, DDA and Delhi Technical University (DTU) and DTC depot were among several institutions in the national capital that have been penalised for failing to check breeding of dengue mosquitoes on their premises.
Delhi had witnessed a large number of dengue cases in 2010 with over 6,200 cases reported in the city. In 2009, 1,153 cases were registered, over 1,300 cases in 2008, and 1,131 cases in 2011 while 2,093 cases in 2012.
The decline this year has been attributed to delayed rains and the preventive drive undertaken by the civic bodies much before the onset of monsoon.
Apart from that 48 cases of malaria have also been recorded in the city till September 20, with 17 of them being in the month of September alone, it said.
Civic bodies are continuing with the preventive measures like fumigation, checking of breeding areas, and awareness campaigns to control dengue menace.
According to the report, 1,23,535 households were found positive for breeding, while legal notices were served to over 92,000 for mosquitogenic conditions.
Over 8,900 prosecutions were also launched for the same period.
4

IIM Raipur signs MoU with Hindustan CopperIIM Raipur signs MoU with Hindustan Copper
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
IIM Raipur and Hindustan Copper have signed a memorandum of understanding to collaborate on areas of talent and organisation development, research and case development.
IIM Raipur will undertake management development programmes, sponsored research, case development and writing, joint conferences and case competitions under the MoU.
"Training and development are extremely important for a sustainable growth. Not only does it help improve an organisation's competence, it also motivates people by giving them a sense of purpose," K D Diwan, Chairman and Managing Director of Hindustan Copper, said in a press statement.
He also announced that under the tie-up, the PSU shall institute awards for best doctoral proposal, best post graduate programme student, and best post graduate programme for working executives student.
The two organisations will hold competency development programmes for all levels of executives at Hindustan Copper. Some of these programmes include Advanced Management Programmes for Leadership Development, Senior Management Programmes, Management Development Programmes for Middle Management Level and Executive Development Programmes for others.
The company will also encourage its employees to take up higher education - Post Graduate Programme for Working Executives (PGPWE) and Executive Fellow (Doctoral) Programme in Management.
Under the agreement, Hindustan Copper shall also consider to institute a Chair Professor in the area of management.
The MoU was signed by B.S. Sahay, Director of IIM Raipur, and Diwan of Hindustan Copper.
Hindustan Copper is a public sector undertaking under the Ministry of Mines incorporated in 1967. It has four plants at Khetrinagar, Rajasthan; Ghatsila, Jharkhand; Malanjkhand, Madhya Pradesh; and Taloja, Maharashtra.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Digvijaya slams Modi govts claim of Xis sucessful visit  questions Chinas prepration for regionalwarPrint
In another tweet, Singh he said, "The DD newsreader who interpreted Xi as 11 was sacked by #Modisarkar. What'll they do wid d person who marked J&K and Arunachal as disputed?". (PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:42 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 6:28 pm
Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh Tuesday questioned the Narendra Modi government’s claims that Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India was a success as he targeted the Prime Minister for his handling of relations with the neighbouring country.
Referring to reports that the Chinese foreign ministry has expressed satisfaction over the Prime Minister’s statement that Tibet was an integral part of China, Singh charged that
the government had made a “major departure” from the stated position of India.
“I think it is a major departure from the stated position of India. Have we not compromised? Would Mr PM pl explain?” Singh said on twitter.
Further, taking objection to reports that the Chinese President had asked the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) to be combat ready to win a “regional war”, Singh tweeted that,
“President China asks PLA to be ready for a Regional War within a week of his so claimed successful visit to India! What went wrong Mr Modi?”
In another tweet, former Madhya Pradesh chief minister Singh, a known detractor of Modi, attacked him over the map controversy sparked by the alleged distribution of a handout by an official of the Gujarat government which purportedly shows Arunachal Pradesh as disputed territory.
“Indian Territory shown by Maps given by Gujarat Govt as disputed Territory! Nationalism/Patriotism Gujarat Style? Would PM/CM Gujarat Act?” Singh said.
Soon after Congress had raised the map issue on Monday, Gujarat government responded saying the map was not part of the memoranda signed with China.
“The map shows the location of Guangdong Province and Guangzhou City in China. The map was neither signed by any officials of the Gujarat government nor endorsed by Government of Gujarat.
“The map shows the location and other data such as geographical area, population, etc. The map was not part of the MoU signed,” the state government had said in a statement last evening.
India is faced with an incursion into the Chumar area of Ladakh by PLA troops who are showing no signs of withdrawing in a stand-off which has now lasted more than 10 days.
Meanwhile, Youth Congress President Rajiv Satav also took a dig at BJP over the Chinese incursion into Indian territory and the map controversy.
“7 Chinese Tent houses at #Chumar; No Aksai Chin in Indian map. What was the $20 bn deal for? #MainDeshNahiJhukneDunga,” Satav said in a tweet ridiculing one of the key slogans of BJP and Modi during Lok Sabha polls.
In another tweet, he said, “The DD newsreader who interpreted Xi as 11 was sacked by #Modisarkar. What’ll they do wid d person who marked J&K and Arunachal as disputed?”.

France wont stop fight against Islamic State despite kidnapping: FrenchPMPrint
In this still image from video published on the Internet on Monday, Sept. 22, 2014, by a group calling itself Jund al-Khilafah, or Soldiers of the Caliphate, a captive Frenchman appeals to French President Francois Hollande to help free him. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Paris | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:38 pm
France’s prime minister says his country won’t stop fighting Islamic State militants despite demands by kidnappers holding a French hostage.
The 55-year-old man was abducted in Algeria on Monday by a splinter group from al-Qaida’s North African branch. The Jund al-Khilafah, or Soldiers of the Caliphate, said it would kill him unless France halts it airstrikes in Iraq within 24 hours.
Manuel Valls said Tuesday on Europe 1 radio that French authorities are “doing everything” to try to free the hostage, but won’t negotiate with his captors.
He said, “if we cede, if we retreat one inch, that would hand victory” to the militants.
French forces on Friday joined the U.S. in carrying out airstrikes against extremists who have overrun large areas of Syria and Iraq.

Lawyer: Uighur scholar in China gets lifesentenceA Chinese court imposed a harsh life sentence on Ilham Tohti (Sources: AP)
Associated Press | Beijing | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:36 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 3:41 pm
An outspoken scholar who championed China’s Uighur minority was convicted of separatism on Tuesday by a Chinese court and sentenced to life in prison, the scholar’s lawyer said.
The Urumqi People’s Intermediate Court convicted Ilham Tohti after a heavily guarded two-day trial that ended last week, said lawyer Liu Xiaoyuan, who heard the news from the scholar’s family. The court didn’t answer several telephone calls on Tuesday seeking information about the trial.
Liu said the court also ordered the confiscation of all of Ilham Tohti’s possessions. In a message posted on Twitter, the lawyer said Ilham Tohti told the court he did not agree with the verdict.
Guzulnur, wife of detained Uighur scholar Ilham Tohti cries as she bids farewell to friends before leaving on a flight for Urumqi (Source: AP)
Ilham Tohti was known as a moderate voice with ties to both the country’s Han Chinese establishment and the Muslim Uighur ethnic group that has long complained about treatment under the government. A Communist Party member and professor at Beijing’s Minzu University, Ilham Tohti ran a website, Uighur Online, that highlighted issues affecting the ethnic group.
Chinese authorities detained him in January along with seven of his students.
Tensions have run high and flared into violence in the Xinjiang region where many of China’s Uighurs live. Authorities said several explosions killed two people Sunday in central Xinjiang but did not say who carried out the attack.
In May, police said, 43 people died when Uighur militants plowed two vehicles through a market street in the regional capital of Urumqi and hurled explosives.
Chinese authorities have announced that Uighur scholar Ilham Tohti will stand trial on separatism charges at a court in the regional capital Urumqi. (Source: AP)
William Nee, a Hong Kong-based researcher with the human rights group Amnesty International, said on Tuesday’s conviction shows the Chinese government is cracking down on any criticism of its Uighur policies in Xinjiang. After the recent violence, authorities have prohibited people in the region from having beards or wearing veils, and locals say many have been detained for speaking out about the situation there.
“It’ll send a strong signal to (Uighur scholars) there’s not much to be gained to take some risks and personal initiative to bridge the gap between what obviously people on the ground are feeling, severe discontent with the way things are going, and explaining them to Han policymakers,” Nee said.
Ilham Tohti’s 20-year-old daughter, Jewher Ilham, said today from Indiana, where she’s studying, that continued…

Nifty will revisit 7 930 levels  | Modi s US trip will trigger new bull run Experts say  yesYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Nifty will revisit 7930-7940 levels: Mitesh Thacker
ET Now Sep 23, 2014, 03.09PM IST
("Eventually, we will head…)
In a chat with ET Now, Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com, shares his views on markets and stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: What is your sense on the index right now as also stocks?
Mitesh Thacker: We are breaking below 8050-8060. So, that is a slightly negative kind of scenario. Intraday, there are some sell signals now on the charts with this breakdown happening. Eventually, we will head towards levels of around 7930-7940 which were the recent lows a few days back and those levels should be revisited.
Now, it would be fine taking out of long positions, waiting for the correction to play out. I have got two sell calls. The first one is on Aurobindo Pharma that has already started falling but around 830, it can be sold with the stop at 851, for a first price target of 815 and a sell on ACC with a stop at 1481, for targets of around 1430-1440 on the downside.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Afghans victims of foreign war on their own soilUpdated: September 23, 2014 15:46 IST
‘Afghans victims of foreign war on their own soil’
DPA
Afghanistan
Outgoing Afghan President Hamid Karzai said on Tuesday the U.S. had failed to bring peace and security to the country that it invaded militarily in 2001.
Mr. Karzai used his farewell speech to government staff to again criticize the US for destabilizing Afghanistan during 13 years of war.
“Afghans are the victims of a foreign war on their own soil,” Mr. Karzai said in the broadcast address. “The U.S. was never keen to bring peace and stability to Afghanistan, but rather to pursue its own interests and objectives.”
He blamed outsiders for the recent rise in insurgent attacks, and said peace depended on the Americans and neighbouring Pakistanis.
“Pakistan wants to control our foreign policy, but the Afghan government will never let that happen,” Mr. Karzai said.
He urged the new government to be cautious in dealing with the U.S. and Pakistan. He also pledged to support the new administration.
Ashraf Ghani will take office as the new president on Monday, after months of political deadlock over voting fraud allegations.

Difficult US visa regime must be resolved: Preetha Reddy1:00 pm
Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit, Preetha Reddy, Executive Vice-Chairperson of Apollo Hospitals , says that India needs to have a resolution on the difficult US visa regime.
“It was right of US to invite Mr Modi as a guest and I am glad that was done. The visa regime I think is taken to a level that it is really difficult for people to travel between both the countries and I think we have to overcome that. India has the world’s largest English-speaking workforce, which has to be really allowed to work wherever the environment requires them. I think the Indian workforce, which is extremely knowledgeable and talented, is being held back, and this is happening only because of the visa regime, because of the distrust. We need to overcome that,” she told CNBC-TV18.
Modi will leave for Washington on September 25. The PM was earlier scheduled to leave for the US on September 26 for a two-day visit, however the trip has been advanced by a day due to 'technical reasons' involving landing issues in Germany, sources said.
This will be Modi's first visit to the US as PM and also his first since the Gujarat riots of 2002 post which he was put on a visa blacklist by the US.
Apollo Hospital stock price
On November 21, 2014, Apollo Hospitals Enterprises closed at Rs 1200.45, down Rs 35.85, or 2.9 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1242.75 and the 52-week low was Rs 817.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 24.37 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 49.26. The latest book value of the company is Rs 213.10 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.63.
RELATED NEWS

Raise weightage for India to Overweight from Neutral: HSBCLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Raise weightage for India to Overweight from Neutral: HSBC
Raise weightage for India to Overweight from Neutral: HSBC
Post your opinion here

Airports Authority markets 29 airportsAirports Authority markets 29 airports
India s steel production grows by 1.7% in AugustIndia s steel production grows by 1.7% in August
The Xi Jinping visit: What did we gainThe Xi Jinping visit: What did we gain
8% GDP growth possible in next 2-3 years: Chidambaram8% GDP growth possible in next 2-3 years: Chidambaram
Innoventive Industries: Extension to hold AGMSep 23, 2014, 03.59 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Innoventive Industries: Extension to hold AGM
Innoventive Industries has informed that the Company has been granted with the permission for extending the date of holding its Annual General Meeting for the financial year ending 2013-14 upto December 30, 2014 by Registrar of Companies, Pune.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Innoventive Industries: Extension to hold AGM
Innoventive Industries has informed that the Company has been granted with the permission for extending the date of holding its Annual General Meeting for the financial year ending 2013-14 upto December 30, 2014 by Registrar of Companies, Pune.
Post your opinion here
 
Innoventive Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Company has been granted with the permission for extending the date of holding its Annual General Meeting for the financial year ending 2013-14 upto December 30, 2014 by Registrar of Companies, Pune.Source : BSE

Book profits in NBCC  says Jagannadham ThunuguntlaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Book profits in NBCC, says Jagannadham Thunuguntla
Jagannadham Thunuguntla, Head of Research at SMC Global Securities recommends booking profit in National Buildings Construction Corporation.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
Jagannadham Thunuguntla, Head of Research at SMC Global Securities told CNBC-TV18, "I would recommend to book profits in  National Buildings Construction Corporation  (NBCC). It is a great company but for a company which is growing still at only modest pace, 35 P/E multiple is little too much. It had a fantastic rally. Since the beginning of the year the stock rallied seven times, it has moved all the way from Rs 100 to Rs 700."
"One should book the profits now in the stock. Definitely one should not add more. One can enjoy the momentum for some more time but definitely should not put more money in this stock," he added.
RELATED NEWS

JBIMS qualifies for Sweden India Nobel Memorial QuizJBIMS qualifies for Sweden India Nobel Memorial Quiz
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies (JBIMS) has won the qualifying round of the Sweden India Nobel Memorial Quiz held at St. Xavier’s College in Mumbai.
The JBIMS team comprises Aniket Poojary, Amit Kumar Mishra and Chuttosh More, who won the round, while competing with 35 teams from 14 colleges. Second place went to Indian Institute of Technology Mumbai, represented by Atul Gupta, Arpit Dubey and Raj Agarwal, whilst DJ Sanghvi College of Management was in the third place which was represented by Snehashis Panda.
Fredrika Ornbrant, Consul General of Swedish Consulate of Mumbai, handed over the prizes at the quiz competition. Quiz Master Kunal Savarkar hosted the regional round where the participation was open to all college teams.
Apart from Mumbai, the quiz will also be held in Guwahati, Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Indore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Kolkata, Pune and New Delhi.
National winners will get all-expenses paid trip to Sweden where they will visit the headquarters of global Swedish companies, Swedish Universities and the Nobel Museum, among other things.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

P Chidambaram says India can log 8 pct GDP growth  takes dig at Narendra Modi govtEconomy
P Chidambaram says India can manage 8 pct GDP growth, takes dig at PM Narendra Modi govt
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 23 2014, 15:59  IST
Sep 23 2014, 15:59  IST
 

Former Employees Say Home Depot Ignored Data Breach Risksformer employees say home depot ignored data breach risks
Shoaib hosts Lahore Lions at Sania s homeMore
Shoaib hosts Lahore Lions at Sania's Hyderabad home
Sania's absence did not deter Malik from hosting the Lahore Lions, the Pakistani team playing in CLT20, at his in-laws' house.
By Mohammed Shafeeq | IANS –  Sun 21 Sep, 2014 8:13 PM IST
Tweet
0
For former Pakistan cricket captain Shoaib Malik , it was a disappointment both on-and-off the ground in the hometown of his wife and tennis ace Sania Mirza.
Shoaib is playing for Hobart Hurricans. Sania is away playing in Tokyo. Playing his first match here since their marriage four years ago, Malik failed with both bat and ball. The all-rounder scored just eight runs for Hobart Hurricanes after finishing with bowling figures of 2-0-15-0 against Cape Cobras in a Champions League Twenty20 match.
The Pakistani's poor run continued while Sania bagged yet another title. The Hyderabadi and her partner Cara Black Saturday won the women's doubles title at the WTA Toray Pacific Open in Tokyo.
Sania was not in the city as her husband played his first match of the tournament. He, however, is happy over Sania's great run this season and said the entire family and whole of India and Pakistan pray for her success.
Sania's absence did not deter Malik from hosting the Lahore Lions, the Pakistani team playing in CLT20, at his in-laws' house.
Mohammed Hafeez-led Lions had a sumptuous feast at the house of the Mirzas. The guests were treated to Hyderabadi biryani and other delicacies.
***
With the first match involving two foreign teams, there was no big crowd at the 40,000-capacity Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium at Uppal here despite a holiday.
The match between Cobras and Hurricanes saw an attendance of less than 12,000 in the first half. However, the turnout increased to 18,000 later and swelled further for the second match as the weekend crowd headed to the stadium in big numbers to watch the Kolkata Knight Riders vs Lahore Lions match, billed as an Indo-Pak encounter.
Aiden Blizar's fireworks provided some excitement in the otherwise lack-lustre game. His 48-ball 78 including three boundaries and five hits over the fence steered the Hurricanes to a six-wicket win.
***
The stadium has a capacity of 40,000. However, access to several rows on the top tier at both the ends remained barred. According to Hyderabad Cricket Association (HCA) officials, construction is still on at both the ends.
It has been only two weeks after the HCA elections which saw a new panel headed by former test cricketer Arshad Ayub taking over the reins.
HCA has no plans to take up any construction activity at the stadium at least till the next month. "Any new work we will be taking up only after the India-West Indies Test match," HCA media manager Vikram Man Singh told IANS.
The stadium will host the first Test Oct 30.
***
Police made tight security arrangements with the deployment of about 1,200 personnel. A police officer said 56 closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras were installed both in and around the stadium to keep a tight vigil.
A command and control room was also set up to monitor the CCTV footage. Quick response teams were also deployed to meet any exigency. The spectators were not allowed to carry bags, cell phones, cameras, binoculars, match boxes, eatables and even water bottles.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Bharti Infratel shares fall over 5% on KKR stake sale planBharti Infratel shares fall over 5 per cent on KKR stake sale plan
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 19:37 IST
At the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the scrip ended 6.24 per cent lower (Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Bharti Infratel fell by over 6 per cent on Friday amid reports that the US-based private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) is planning to sell stake in the telecom tower firm.
Following the buzz, shares of Bharti Infratel tumbled 5.67 per cent to settle at Rs 292.20 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE). During the day, it lost 6 per cent to Rs 309.75.
At the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the scrip ended 6.24 per cent lower, to Rs 293.10 on Friday.
On the volume front, 3.19 lakh shares of the company were traded at the BSE, while over 29 lakh shares changed hands at the NSE during the day.
As per media reports, American private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and Co (KKR) is set to launch a share sale that could raise about US $230 million as it exits Bharti Infratel six years after investing in the company.
KKR owns 4.5 crore shares, or 2.38 per cent stake in Bharti Infratel, as per the company's shareholding pattern on the BSE.

Market Outlook: Phase of mild consolidation to continueE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jaypee Likely to Get Show Cause Notice Over Karcham Wangtoo ProjectYou are here: Home Corporates
Jaypee Likely to Get Show Cause Notice Over Karcham Wangtoo Project
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 22, 2014 21:44 (IST)
New Delhi: The Central Electricity Authority is likely to seek explanation from Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JPVL) for alleged violations with regard to its Karcham Wangtoo hydroelectric project in Himachal Pradesh.
JPVL, part of Jaypee Group, is operating the 1,000 MW project.
CEA is likely to issue show cause notice to JPVL for alleged violations with respect to techno-economic clearance granted to Karcham Wangtoo plant, sources said.
It is alleged that the techno-economic clearance was given for 1,000 MW while the plant is running at 1,200 MW generation capacity, they added.
The Central Electricity Authority (CEA) is the apex planning body for the domestic power sector.
The Karcham Wangtoo plant is among the three hydro power projects that are to be sold by Jaypee group to Reliance Power in a Rs 12,000-crore deal.
Meanwhile, the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) has asked JPVL to expedite filing of tariff petition for the Karcham Wangtoo hydro project. ( Read more )
The direction from electricity watchdog CERC came after the utility sought withdrawal of provisional tariff petition related to the plant.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 20:59 (IST)

Stephen King s  11/22/63  is coming to HuluStephen King's '11/22/63' is coming to Hulu
By Frank Pallotta   @frankpallotta September 22, 2014: 4:32 PM ET
Stephen King will be bringing his best-selling "11/22/63" to Hulu.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Hulu just went into business with the King of suspense.
The streaming site announced Monday that it's developing a nine hour event series from author Stephen King and producer J.J. Abrams.
The new original series based on King's 2011 best-seller, "11/22/63," will tell the story of teacher Jake Epping going back in time to stop the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
"J.J. Abrams and Stephen King are two of the most celebrated storytellers of our time," Craig Erwich, Hulu's Senior VP and Head of Content said in a release. "'11/22/63' already resonated with audiences as a best-selling novel, and we are looking forward to bringing the riveting story to the screen."
King is one of the world's most popular writers, publishing more than 50 books over 40 years, and Abrams along with his production company Bad Robot have produced TV hits like "Lost" and "Alias."
"I've been a fan of Stephen King since I was in junior high school," Abrams said in the release. "The chance to work with him at all, let alone on a story so compelling, emotional and imaginative, is a dream.
Related: Spoiler Alert: 1 in 5 Americans okay with spoilers
The project will also be the first original programming collaboration between Hulu and Warner Bros. TV.
The announcement is huge news for the site, although Hulu has yet to announce when the series will go into production or debut.
With King and Abrams in tow, "11/22/63" should give Hulu some much needed exposure against popular original content from Netflix like "House of Cards" and "Orange Is the New Black."
As for the prolific author, King feels that this is the perfect story of his to be adapted for a series.
"If I ever wrote a book that cries out for long-form, event TV programming, '11/22/63' is it," King added in the release.
First Published: September 22, 2014: 4:32 PM ET
Most Popular

Important consensus between Xi  Modi to take ties forwardUpdated: September 23, 2014 02:41 IST
‘Important consensus’ between Xi, Modi to take ties forward
Atul Aneja
The Hindu Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi after issuing a joint statement in New Delhi on Thursday. File Photo
TOPICS
India-China
China has continued to remain upbeat about the future of India-China ties, pointing out that the “important consensus” that had recently been reached between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi will keep the borders calm, and drive the relationship forward.
Brushing aside apprehensions that persisting tensions along the Sino-Indian frontier in Ladakh could undermine the gains of Mr. Xi’s visit, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson, Hua Chunying, in response to a question, asserted that “this is [a] totally unnecessary suspicion.”
She stressed that “the two leaders [Mr. Xi and Mr. Modi ] have reached important consensus on politically resolving the border issue through friendly mechanism and we have an effective mechanism for the border issue … and through effective communication can resolve and control disputes.”
The summit had also yielded an agreement that “co-operation would remain the main theme” of Sino-Indian relations. The spokesperson especially pointed to Mr. Xi’s observation that harmony between the Chinese dragon and the Indian elephant “will bring benefits to [the] whole world”.
Ms. Hua observed that the ties had now entered a “new age,” but implied continued engagement, as Mr. Xi’s visit had removed “some of the suspicions” that the two countries had harboured.
The spokesperson said she was not aware of “the specifics,” when asked to comment on the cancellation of the visit of a Chinese media delegation to India. However, she pointed out that close communication between the Chinese and the Indian media was conducive for “cementing and developing public foundation of bilateral relations.”

Rutgers student killed by a bear while hiking in New JerseyBy Mark Berman September 22 Follow @markberman
A 22-year-old Rutgers University student hiking at a nature preserve not far from New York was attacked and killed by a bear Sunday, making him the second Rutgers student to die over the weekend.
Darsh Patel and four other men, all of Edison, N.J., were hiking in  Apshawa Preserve  in West Milford Township, about an hour west of Manhattan, when they ran into the black bear, according to West Milford police.
The bear began to follow them, so they ran away and split up, police said. The other four men were able to find one another, but they couldn’t find Patel and called the police. A few hours later, a search and rescue unit found Patel’s body and determined that he had been attacked by a bear. A bear was found at the scene and was “immediately euthanized,” West Milford police said in a statement.
This situation is being investigated by the New Jersey state medical examiner, New Jersey’s Division of Fish and Wildlife and West Milford police.
News of the bear attack came not long after the death of Caitlyn Kovacs , another Rutgers student, who died early Sunday after a gathering at a fraternity house. Police are investigating her death, which authorities believe  may have been related to alcohol. She was a sophomore, the school said.
Richard L. Edwards, chancellor of Rutgers, released a statement Monday  calling the deaths “tragic” and reminding students that counseling is available.
Police say a Rutgers University student was killed by a black bear while hiking in a heavily wooded area of northern New Jersey. (Reuters)
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Islam is not even a religion; it is a social  political system that uses a deity to advance its agenda of global conquestBy Eugene Volokh September 22 Follow @volokhc
So says Oklahoma state legislator John Bennett  — using logic under which much of Christianity would have not even been a religion for much of its history. I’m delighted that modern Christianity prefers to advance its agenda of global conversion through peaceful means rather than through conquest. But it’s pretty clear that many varieties of Christianity have been spread more forcefully than that at various times, and have been “social[ and] political system[s]” as well as purely theological ones. This didn’t make them “not even a religion” back then, and similar behavior on the part of some streams of Islam doesn’t make Islam “not even a religion” today.
Now I do think that criticism of various religions can be perfectly sound, and is often proper, whether the religion is Christian Science, Mormonism, evangelical Christianity, Catholicisms, Christianity generally, Judaism, Islam or theism generally. Religions are ideological belief systems that often lead many of their adherents to act in particular ways; they may rightly be criticized just as other belief systems may rightly be criticized. (I also think that much criticism of various religions has at times been overstated or ill-founded, and that includes Islam as well as the other religions.) But the first requirement has to be to talk candidly and accurately about what’s actually going on; attempts to deny that Islam is a religion don’t qualify.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Vencer Sarthe  Ferrari hunterThe Roundabout Blog | 22 September 2014
The Vencer Sarthe is Holland's 622hp Ferrari hunter
Matthew Phenix
About the author
Editor of BBC Autos, Matthew is a former editor at Automobile Magazine and the creator of the digital-only Roadtrip Magazine. His automotive and travel writing has appeared in such magazines as Wired, Popular Science, The Robb Report and Caribbean Travel + Life. He lives in Los Angeles with his wonderful wife and four-year-old daughter.
 
How close is the BMW 4 Series to the Concept 4?
HIDE CAPTION
The Netherlands, a country famous for tulips, Gouda cheese and Eddie van Halen, may soon earn renown for something else: supercars.
Related
Italy's most dangerous spider
Meet the 2015 Sarthe, a two-seat, mid-engine monster from Netherlands-based startup Vencer. A year after its unveiling as a prototype at Monaco’s Top Marques show by none other than Prince Albert II himself, the hand-built supercar has emerged as a thoroughly revised production model. And it’s a stunner.
Taking inspiration from the rakish prototype racers that campaigned at Le Mans during the 1980s – cars like the Jaguar XJR-9 and the Porsche 956 – Vencer’s Sarthe (named for the French circuit that hosts the famed 24-hour race) promises a back-to-basics driving experience, free of the computerised driver aides that, in Vencer’s opinion, tend to numb the experience. (Anti-lock brakes and electronic brake-force distribution are present, however.)
The Sarthe makes use of a four-wheel double-wishbone suspension setup and a stiff, lightweight tube-steel spaceframe structure with an aluminium-honeycomb floor and carbon-fibre composite body panels. As such, the car tips the scales at a modest 3,056lbs — putting it within a few pounds of such prime rivals as the Ferrari 458 Italia and McLaren 650S.
A supercharged 6.3-litre V8 provides the motivation. The longitudinal engine, which is matched to a traditional six-speed manual transmission, produces an ample 622 horsepower and 618 pound-feet of torque. Vencer claims the Sarthe will launch from zero to 62mph in a scant 3.6 seconds, and press on to a top speed of 210mph.
Despite its commitment to an analogue driving experience, Vencer makes an obvious concession to 21st Century supercar technology with the Sarthe’s huge rear wing, which extends when the car hits 62mph to augment downforce – and traction. The interior is all business: lots of black Alcantara and naked carbon fibre. And controls for infotainment and vehicle systems (as well as displays for vehicle and engine speed) are run through a Toyota Prius-like dash-top display called the Central Information System.
In a small factory in the Dutch town of Vriezenveen, about 90 miles east of Amsterdam, Vencer has commenced construction of its first customer cars. The company plans to turn out just one completed Sarthe per month, each one built to order.
Pricing for Holland's budding Ferrari-killer starts at a cool €270,882, which at this writing equates to about £213,000, or $349,000. In any currency, that's a lot of cheese.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .
Vencer claims the Sarthe will launch from zero to 60mph in a scant 3.6 seconds, and press on to a top speed of 210mph.

1 day to go for date with Mars  Mangalyaan in  good healthSet for date with Mars, Mangalyaan in 'good health'
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 22, 2014
First Published: 15:50 IST(22/9/2014) | Last Updated: 05:26 IST(24/9/2014)
Indian scientists on Monday successfully tested the main engine of the country’s Mars mission spacecraft and completed a course correction that put the probe on track to enter the red planet’s orbit on September 24.
 
If successful, India will become the first country to make it to Mars in its maiden attempt, propelling it to an elite club of space race leaders. Only the US, Europe and Russia have so far sent probes that have successfully orbited or landed on the planet.
“We had a perfect burn for four seconds as programmed. The trajectory has been corrected. MOM (Mars Orbiter Mission) will now go for the nominal plan for Mars Orbit Insertion,” the Indian Space Research Organisation’s Facebook page said.
 
The liquid engine, which was dormant for 300 days, will be used with eight small thrusters during orbit entry by the spacecraft in India’s first interplanetary mission.
 
“The spacecraft is in good health. Mission controllers are going through the final round of the sequence of operations,” ISRO chairman K Radhakrishnan told HT, adding that there was a lot more to do.
Source of graphics: Isro
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be at Isro’s command centre in Bengaluru at 7.30am on September 24 to witness the mission’s last phase after the probe broke into Mars’ sphere of influence on Monday.
Read: PM to witness Mars Orbiter Insertion at ISRO facility
 
The Mangalyaan, as the spacecraft is popularly known, aims to study Mars' surface and mineral composition, and search its atmosphere for methane, a chemical strongly tied to life on earth.
Video: Mangalyaan’s real test on Sept 24: Former scientist Biman Basu?
India’s Rs. 450-crore expedition cost about a tenth of Nasa’s Mars mission Maven that entered the red planet’s orbit on Wednesday. Modi hailed the project’s low price tag in June, saying it was less than the budget of the Hollywood space movie Gravity.
 
“I hope India will consider international participation in any future missions to Mars as this mission will clearly demonstrate its capability to successfully deliver a payload to Mars and many countries would be pleased to collaborate with India,” said Mark Sims, professor of astrobiology and space instrumentation at the UK’s University of Leicester.
 
The 680-million-kilometre journey to Mars that began on November 5 last year has had its share of adventures and feats —five orbit-raising manoeuvres including a small glitch in the fourth such operation that was fixed.
 
Probes to Mars have a high failure rate and a success will boost India’s space exploration programme, especially after a similar mission by China failed to leave earth’s orbit in 2011.
 

Diwali high! Jewellery stocks surge upto 48%; here s what experts sayAnand Rathi
(Jewellers are rushing in…)
MUMBAI: The festive season is round the corner and the limelight has shifted onto jewellery companies. Most counters have rallied between 5 and 20 per cent in the past couple of sessions on the hopes of a pick-up in demand ahead of Diwali and the marriage season.
Another reason for increased demand for jewellery counters is the decline in gold prices. The yellow metal has been on a decline on the back of a firm US dollar. The demand for gold has picked up in India after a gap of almost five months.
Jewellers are rushing in to re-stock gold as the price fell to Rs 26,500 per 10 gm last week from Rs 29,000 in early April, in line with international markets. Experts say import of the metal will rise in September and may touch 55 tonne compared with 47 tonne in August. Jewellers are witnessing increase in sales and footfalls, and these are expected to increase as Dhanteras nears.
"Selected jewellery companies have started to perform following correction in gold price , which is hovering near Rs 26,500 per 10 grams. Gold has multiple supports near Rs 25,000-25,500," said Chandan Taparia, Derivatives and Technical Analyst - Equity Research, Anand Rathi .
"The next major trigger of demand in jewellery stocks is the upcoming festive season. As per industry experts, change in import duty, news of China to add gold in their reserves may be the reasons to give sentimental boost to these stocks," Taparia added.
Following are Taparia's view on jewellery stocks:
Titan Company: The stock has been making higher highs - higher lows formation on monthly chart and had a strong run up from Rs 202 to Rs 402 levels in just nine months.
It is in a bull run and is witnessing higher trading volumes. Fresh deliveries are seen as participants are expecting its up-move to continue in the coming weeks.
As per its monthly chart, till it doesn't go below Rs 363, the strength will remain intact in the stock and any decline would be utilized as a fresh buying opportunity.
The stock is trading at life-time highs and is in an uncharted territory. If it holds above Rs 400, then the levels of 440-450, which is 10 per cent upside from current levels, can be expected.
The stock is highly liquid. Being a part of the NSE F&O segment, options are also active. Conservative traders can ride the rally by trading in Rs 410 or 420 strike of October series.
TBZ: It was in a downtrend for the last two months and witnessed a decline from Rs 225 to Rs 137 levels. Recently, it has made its bottom formation in the Rs 140-150 zone and started to perform in line with the buying interest in all other jewellery stocks.
In the last two trading sessions, it has seen the highest trading volumes of the year and also crossed & closed above its immediate hurdle of Rs 175 zones.
If it manages to hold above Rs 175, then this rally can extend to the recent high of Rs 200 and Rs 225 levels. Now Rs 150 zone would act as a major support on declines.
PC Jeweller: The stock listed at Rs 137 in the month of December 2012 and has now doubled up. It is heading to higher territory as it is making higher top and higher bottom formation on daily, weekly and monthly charts.
On Monday it moved 20 per cent with a significant jump in trading volumes. It has now major support at Rs 220 and on upside now the sky is the limit as it is heading to uncharted territory with better trading flows.
Rajesh Exports: The stock had a dream run between March and June. It moved up from Rs 75 to Rs 200 levels. It later declined from Rs 200 to Rs 135 and is now forming a base near Rs 140 zones. Still momentum is missing compared to peers.
It has immediate hurdle at Rs 165 and above that bulls may take the stock towards Rs 180 levels. It has major support at Rs 140.
Gitanjli Gems: The stock witnessed a big crack in 2013 when it fell down from Rs 650 to Rs 48 levels. Traders are stuck on the counter and so supply keeps coming in on every small bounce back.
The trend is negative, but on short-term basis it is making support base around the Rs 63-65 zone. Traders are running to average down their past holding. It has immediate support at Rs 62.50.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JSW Steel to import 10 mn tonnes of iron oreJSW Steel to import 10 mn tonnes of iron ore to meet domestic shortage
Krishna N Das     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 14:21 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
JSW Steel, the country's third-largest steel maker, will import  10 million tonnes of iron ore in the current fiscal year due to a domestic shortage, a senior official said on Tuesday.
The company, led by billionaire Sajjan Jindal, had earlier planned to import 6 million tonnes in FY15 through March 31.
"After having seen a severe shortage in India and unreasonable prices in the country, we have now decided to increase our imports to 10 million tonnes," JSW's Joint Managing Director Seshagiri Rao told CNBC TV18.
(Reuters)

http://usat.ly/1rkifyNETF smackdown: Dividend aristocrat vs. buyback achiever
By: John Waggoner September 22, 2014 3:58 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Which is better for investors: Buybacks or dividend increases? Thanks to the miracle of specialty mutual funds, we have an answer.
Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY
Companies that raise their dividends every year show that they are mindful of their shareholders and confident about the future. A dividend hike is a nice way to thank shareholders by putting cash directly in their pockets. And, because Wall Street loathes dividend cuts, a company that raises a dividend is also signaling that it will be able to maintain that dividend in the future.
Corporate buybacks are popular because they reduce the number of shares outstanding. All other things being equal, fewer shares means the remaining shares are more valuable.
Of the two strategies, raising dividends has been the most popular with investors — or at least with investors in exchange-traded funds. The SPDR S&P Dividend ETF (SDY) tracks the Dividend Aristocrats index, which tracks the stocks of companies that have raised their dividends every year for the past 25 years. The fund has $13 billion in assets, despite an estimated $1.4 billion outflow the past 12 months.
The smaller PowerShares Buyback Achievers (PKW) has just $2.8 billion in assets, although it has gained $1.2 billion in new investor money the past 12 months. To merit inclusion in the fund, a company must have shrunk its number of shares by at least 5% in the past 12 months.
How do the two funds shape up? The past 12 months, SPDR S&P Dividend ETF has gained 14%, vs. 17.6% for PowerShares Buyback Achievers. Dividend achievers have lagged buyback achievers the past three years, too — and rather dramatically. PowerShares Buyback Achievers is up 91% the past three years, vs 65% for dividend achievers.
PowerShares Buyback Achievers has lagged the S&P 500 the past 12 months: It’s up 17.7%, vs. 20% for the S&P 500. (All these figures include reinvested dividends.) But the Buyback Achievers fund has beaten the S&P 500 the past three and five years. Dividend achievers, alas, have been underachievers, trailing the S&P 500 badly the past one, three and five years.
The SPDR S&P Dividend ETF has one advantage: Its expense ratio is 0.35%, vs 0.68% for PowerShares Buyback Achievers. But it’s possible that PowerShares Buyback Achievers could reduce its expense ratio as it grows.
Of course, companies have many other options for their cash, such as investing in new equipment, expanding to increase market share or even sharing their profits with employees by handing out raises. Raising dividends and buying back stock does nothing to increase sales or revenues. Unfortunately, there are no funds that track the success of companies that reinvest in their own business.
 

Sensex slumps over 300 points; Nifty below 8 050Sensex slumps over 300 points; Nifty below 8,050
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 01:48 PM IST
Markets are trading near day’s low with Sensex and Nifty falling down by over 1% weighed down by realty, oil and capital goods shares.
At 1.46 PM, Sensex is trading at 26,865 down 307 points while NIfty has shed 98 points at 8,048.
The main losers on the Sensex are Hindalco, Tata Motors, Cipla, BHEL, GAIL, Coal India and Axis Bank.
********************************************************
Updated at 13:35
Markets continue to trade weak weighed down by profit taking by fund and retail investors in Index heavyweights ICICI Bank, Tata Motors , L&T and RIL contributing nearly 100 points to the decline on the 30-share Sensex. 
 
At 1.35 PM, Sensex is trading at 26,958 down 248 points while NIfty has shed 77 points at 8,070.
 
Meanwhile, in the broader market, the BSE Mid Cap and Small Cap indices are trading in line with the large counter parts and have lost 0.5% each.
 
Market breadth on the BSE is weak with 1,653 declines and 1,104 advances.
 
Global Markets:
 
Asian shares recouped early losses on Tuesday while commodities won a break from recent selling pressure after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
 
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for September rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August and confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0.
 
However, European markets are trading lower. FTSE, DAX and CAC 40 are trading down between 0.5-1%.
 
Crude Oil:
 
Oil prices rose in Asia today in response to better-than-expected Chinese manufacturing data and after the United States said it had led ai strikes against jihadists in crude producer Syria.US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for November delivery rose 31 cents to $91.18 while Brent crude for November also gained 33 cents to $97.30 in mid-morning trade.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.8/9100 vs Monday's close of 60.8150/8250 in morning trade as foreign investors sold Indian shares worth $30.53 million on Monday, provisional data from exchange showed.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE Realty is the top loser down over 2.5%. Further, BSE Metal, Capital Goods and Oil & Gas indices are down over 1%. Bankex has lost 0.7%. However, BSE Consumer Durables, FMCG and IT indices are trading in the positive territory up between 0.5-1%.
 
In the metal pack, Hindalco is the top loser down 2% followed by Tata Steel, Coal India and Sesa Sterlite down between 0.3-1.5% shrugging off the encouraging manufacturing data from China. The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2.
 
Index Heavyweight Tata Motors which gained nearly 4% as analysts remained on bullish on the stock has lost 1.5% in today’s trade. Also, M&M has dipped nearly 2% after Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "outperform" saying the company's valuations are no longer "attractive". However, Maruti Suzuki and Hero Motocorp are up nearly 1%
 
Consumer Durables stocks gained on expectation of demand ahead of the festive season. Whirlpool, Videocon Industries and Titan have gained between 1-2%.
 
In the Oil & gas space, ONGC, RIL and GAIL have declined between 1-2% on uncertainty on Gas price hike. 
 
In the financial segment, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and HDFC twins lost between 0.5-1.5%.
 
Commercial real estate developer DLF lost more than 4% after BNP Paribas downgraded DLF stock to "reduce" from "hold". 
 
L&T, Cipla and Bharti Airtel are some of the notable names in red down between 1-2%.
 
On the flip side, shares of information technology (IT) are in demand after the S&P BSE IT index hit a record high in otherwise subdued market. Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), HCL Technologies and MindTree have hit their respective lifetime highs. Following the tandem, Wipro and Infosys have surged between 0.6-2.5%.
 
Fresh buying is visible in the FMCG space with ITC and HUL up 1%.
 
The government has withdrawn the drug pricing authority's powers that allowed it to fix the prices of medicines not deemed essential. The move comes after industry protests against the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) decision to impose price caps on more than 100 drugs. Dr Reddy’s Lab is up nearly 1% while Sun Pharma is trading flat with a positive bias.
 

TechM bags multi-million euro project from A...Tech Mahindra bags multi-million euro project from Ahlstrom
ET Bureau Sep 24, 2014, 05.32AM IST
(Ahlstrom is a high performance fibre-based materials…)
MUMBAI: Tech Mahindra, the information technology unit of the Mahindra Group, said it signed a five-year IT deal with Finland's Ahlstrom under which it will absorb about 50 Ahlstrom employees.
The deal is an end-to-end IT services contract, including parts of infrastructure management and application development and maintenance services. Tech Mahindra did not disclose the financial terms but a person with knowledge of the matter said it is worth about $50 million over the course of the contract.
"Finland is a very important and strategic market for us. This agreement will help us...with enabling our innovative service offerings for the customers in the region," Rajesh Chandiramani, Tech Mahindra's head of enterprise business for Continental Europe, said in a statement. The transition of the employees is scheduled to take place on December 1.
Tech Mahindra generates about a third of its revenue from Europe and employs about 2,900 people there. The company has said expanding in the continent and winning more deals in Europe will be a key part of its strategy to achieve its $5 billion revenue target by 2015. Tech Mahindra reported revenue of $3.2 billion in fiscal 2014 ended on March 31.
"The company has been saying that they are seeing larger deals in their pipeline in Europe and that the business conditions there are improving," an analyst with a Mumbai-based brokerage said. "This is a good sign. But they need more and bigger deals to get to $5 billion."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt withdraws power of regulator to fix non-essential medicines pricesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Too many reforms too quickly impacts implementation: Harshendu BindalToo many reforms, too quickly,  impact implementation: Harshendu Bindal
Joydeep Ghosh & Chandan Kishore Kant | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 10:48 PM IST
With a portfolio that has 85 per cent retail and 15 per cent institutional money, theRs 50,986-crore Franklin Templeton India is one of the largest entities in the retail investor segment. Harshendu Bindal, president, tells Joydeep Ghosh & Chandan Kishore Kant that the mutual fund sector needs to expand but there isn't sense in going to cities in which there are 30 asset management companies and 10 distributors. Edited excerpts:
With the stock markets doing well, have collections improved from both bigger and smaller cities?
Collections have improved but we need to improve it from all parts of the country. The T-15 (top 15 cities) and B-15 (beyond T-15) line is artificial because there isn’t enough penetration anywhere. The numbers from smaller cities are inching upwards but can be misleading. Currently, the sector has 85 per cent from T-15 and 15 per cent from B-15. With the markets appreciating, thee 85 per cent will increase. So, again people will say that the B-15 has fallen.
We need to look at other parameters such as, are the number of investors or distributors growing in B-15? My sense is, those numbers are improving. We have adopted 10 districts. We are making efforts to improve awareness and distribution in these. With the sector at Rs 10 lakh crore and the two basis points being earmarked (by Securities and Exchange Board of India, or Sebi, guidelines) for creating awareness, there is a kitty of Rs 200 crore – a significant amount of money.
Franklin Templeton has refrained from launching fixed maturity plans. Consequently, it will be one of the least impacted by the new debt fund rules. Why was the decision taken?
We have not launched FMPs for a very long time. There are several reasons. When the regulations changed and said a fund house cannot declare ‘indicative yield’, it became very difficult to sell that product line. Then, these are short-term products that put your sales force on a treadmill without enough margins. There is also an expectation that if there is a default, the AMC (asset management company) will make good. AMCs don’t have such big balance sheets to defend such exposures. Of course, given the size of the product line, we had to take a cut in our market share. When the Urijit Patel committee report came, we realised the arbitrage will be taken away. Since we had not launched any product for two-three years, we realised we were better off.
Is there too much focus on developing the retail market?
In my view, we have the expertise in managing money and it should be available for whoever wants it. At one point in time, we were managing money for two insurance companies, before the regulations changed. It was an institutional mandate but, finally, it was retail money. Globally, whether they are endowment funds or insurance funds, finally, they are only retail money. When we entered India, we were clear that it was a retail market. We have built scale in that space. If you look at the top 10 AMCs, our retail base is the best. As on August 31, our retail and institutional segregation is 85:15.
Have regulators complicated things for the sector?
We have gone through a lot of reforms and the direction of the reforms is positive. But because so much reform is happening so quickly, implementation gets impacted and causes a lot of confusion on the ground. For example, common account statements and KYC (Know Your Customer rules) have changed quite a few times. Though the idea is to improve it, when you look at it from a consumer perspective, he gets confused and a bit irritated, too. Time needs to be given to implement these things. That is unsettling for the investors and the distributors.
Also, each of the changes is coming from a different source —FIU, RBI, Sebi and on top of it, there is the US’ FATCA guidelines. I think Sebi needs to take the lead and ensure we have a stable environment.
Fund houses constantly look at flavour-of-the month themes. Is it the right approach?
The sector needs to move away from such concepts. AMCs have to see the expertise they have and launch products and if it can be scaled up to a decent size. But I also think we should give enough ammunition to the advisors, private banking clients and for everybody who wants sophisticated products. But one has to be sure of the marketing channel being used to launch a product. For instance, if I am marketing an offshore fund, I need not do it in a small city or town. That's where good quality distribution comes in.
How do you plan to expand into other cities?
We are currently at 33 cities. As an industry, we need to expand. But I will be a little wary of saying that because equity markets are doing well, we should look at smaller cities and towns. We would like to go to markets which have a decent distribution network. There are cities where there are 30 AMCs but only 10 distributors. I do not know whether that kind of expansion makes sense.

Why US air strikes on Syria is bad news for IndiaWhy US air strikes on ISIS in Syria is bad news for India
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 15:00 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:18 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
The US-led coalition’s air strikes against Islamic State militants in Syria could push up oil prices, fan inflation and dash hopes of lower borrowing rates ahead of the festival season just when the Indian economy is showing signs of clawing out of its deepest slump in 25 years.
 
The unrest in oil-rich Middle East isn’t good news for millions of Indians who have been looking forward to lower fuel bills amid signs that petrol prices could come down further, as early as next week aided by plunging crude oil prices that touched $97 a barrel — the lowest in two years.
 
This had triggered hopes that the creeping increase in monthly diesel bill may also end soon, as the government could anytime announce de-regulation of diesel prices on the back of declining global oil prices.
Advertisement
Read: US air strikes target Islamic State militants in Syria
 
The crisis in Syria and Iraq, India’s second largest crude oil supplier after Saudi Arabia, and a possible hardening of oil prices, however, could turn the clock back.
 
For a start, it could mean that India will need to shell out more cash to import fuel, and this in turn raises the prices of transporting goods, leading to higher inflation.
 
And high inflation means that the RBI will hesitate to cut interest rates, a step needed to boost economic growth. So, consumers need to keep paying large chunks of their income every month towards repaying housing loans, even as the cost of food and fuel rises.
 
And it's not just households that will take the hit.
 
Companies that import raw materials will hurt badly if crude prices harden and the rupee weakens because of higher dollar demand.
 
The rupee’s value fell by 12 paise to come close to 61 to a dollar on Tuesday.
 
India, the world's fourth-largest oil consumer, imports around 190 million tonnes of crude oil a year — costing $145 billion a year, or more than a third of its total import bill.
 
With every dollar increase in oil prices, the government's oil import bill goes up by approximately Rs. 4,000 crore.
 
A $2-4 per barrel increase in crude oil prices on an average would mean increasing India's oil import bill by Rs. 8,000 crore to Rs. 16,000 crore.
 
While higher crude oil prices will have a knock on effect on inflation, it also can weaken the rupee as demand for dollars go up to meet import payment obligations.
 
Retail inflation eased in August to 7.8% year-on-year from 7.96% the previous month, latest price data showed, although that is still above the central bank's target of 6% by 2016.
 
India’s wholesale inflation rate — the main gauge to capture country-wide price movements — had plunged to a five-year low of 3.74% in August, prompting industry leaders to ratchet up their demand for lower borrowing costs to assist investment plans, critical to spin jobs and multiply income.
 
Importantly, hardening of crude prices could hit plans on oil price deregulation.
Watch: US Navy launches air missiles to target Islamic State in Syria
 
Crude oil prices are perhaps the most important variable in India’s complex energy economics. Part of the reason for India's relative lack of competitiveness among Asian manufacturing exporters is its expensive energy.
 
Dismantling its high-cost energy economy has been a crusade India’s policymakers have long waged and overdependence on imported crude oil hasn’t helped.
 
The recent fall in crude to sub-$100 a barrel had raised hopes that India would finally be able to free-up diesel prices.
 
Market-determined fuel prices would cut subsidies and help cut taxes on petroleum products. This can offset the shocks when global crude prices shoot up. It remains to be seen how the escalation in crisis affects India's plans for that one big step in energy reforms.

Why CM Siddaramaiah won t take a chopper ride with ModiSiddaramaiah won't take a chopper ride with Modi
Sudipto Mondol , Hindustan Times  Bangalore  , September 23, 2014
First Published: 15:35 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:03 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
The shadow boxing between the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress over Prime Minister Narendra Modi's first official visit to Karnataka has taken another interesting turn. 
After announcing that he will fly to the venue of a public meeting with Modi on Wednesday, chief minister Siddaramaiah changed plans at the last moment and decided to go by road instead.
According to sources, the reason behind the sudden change is the PM's stopover at the Siddaganga Math in Tumkur before he attends the public meeting.
One of the most important centres of faith for the Lingayat community, the Siddaganga Math also wields massive political influence over the community.
Over the last few years, Lingayat strongman BS Yeddyurappa has enjoyed the tacit support of the math and a large number of his supporters are expected to be there when Modi comes calling.
"We cannot be sure that they (BJP supporters) will behave properly when our CM goes there. We think it's best he avoids the event," a source close to Siddaramaiah told HT.
An hour later, the chief minister's office (CMO) officially confirmed that the chopper ride was off.
"They will travel together on the return journey from the public function," said a CMO official.
Whether Siddaramaiah should share dais with the PM at the public event, which is expected to draw a crowd of 25,000, has been a matter of much debate within the Congress since Modi's visit was announced.
Party leaders were worried there may be a repeat of the unsavoury scenes that emerged during official functions in Jharkhand and Haryana where the CMs were booed by Modi's supporters.
Siddaramaiah's attendance was in doubt until it was decided at an executive committee meeting of the party last week that he should attend the function as a "matter of courtesy".
At the meet, Congress leaders decided to pack the venue with party workers and match the Modi brigade slogan for slogan if the situation so demands.

People in the West can stop obsessing about learning ChineseLanguage
September 23, 2014
The leaders of the Western world think their young citizens should be learning Mandarin Chinese. David Cameron said so late last year. And Barack Obama’s own daughter, Sasha,  is learning the language.
Why Mandarin? The arguments are familiar: First, China’s growing economic heft. “By the time the children born today leave school, China is set to be the world’s largest economy,” Cameron said. “So it’s time to look beyond the traditional focus on French and German and get many more children learning Mandarin.”
The second reason is that Chinese gives a speaker access to the world’s largest linguistic population. Why learn Spanish, with a measly 400 million speakers, when China is home to 1.3 billion?
But that second argument assumes that everybody in China is fluent in Mandarin. They’re not. The country’s official education ministry announced last week  (link in Chinese) that only 70% of people in the country can be considered Mandarin speakers. Of that 70%, the ministry said, “only 10% are capable of communicating fluently” in the language. In short, you don’t have to be fluent in Mandarin to speak better than 93% of China.
As this interactive map  shows, there are vast linguistic differences within China, despite the official language being Mandarin. Even within Mandarin, there are several dialects that share the same writing system. The version referred to as “Putonghua” or “common speech” in Chinese is just one of many ways of pronouncing these characters. The current standard form is based on the Beijing dialect, as Chinese law  states explicitly , but as late as the 19th century, the Nanjing dialect was considered more universal.
If we assume most of the Taiwanese population to be fluent in Mandarin, and generously account for the Chinese diaspora abroad, the number of fluent speakers worldwide looks more like 120 million. That number is comparable if not lower than the number of fluent speakers of Asian languages like Hindi, Urdu, or Bahasa Indonesian. And it’s also far smaller than the aforementioned 400 million Spanish speakers. But this hasn’t stopped Mandarin from taking precedence over these languages in the minds of politicians, parents, and language schools offering it as the up-and-coming language of international business.
The Modern Language Association of America (MLA) conducts regular surveys of language enrollment at universities in the US. The most recent survey, taken in 2009, shows Mandarin catching up to Japanese and positively dwarfing its regional counterparts.
Share
Tap image to zoom
No doubt this trend is even more exaggerated today. At the bottom of that chart are other economically and geopolitically important languages with hardly any American interest. The MLA counted 2,200 Hindi learners, compared to over 60,000 for Mandarin. Urdu and Thai are barely visible, with learners in the hundreds.
The trend extends beyond American universities. A British Council survey (PDF) of secondary schools in the UK shows that people elsewhere in the West are increasingly concerning themselves with Mandarin instruction. The numbers are still small for classes taken as part of the UK’s national curriculum, but Mandarin is number two on the list of languages schools offer outside of it.
Share
Tap image to zoom
China’s economy is as good a reason as any to learn its language. But even  if (or when) China does overtake the US as the world’s largest economy, the difficulty foreigners have learning Mandarin and its written script makes the language unlikely to challenge  the dominance of English in international trade . (Indeed, even during Japan’s dramatic post-war economic expansion, Japanese never came close to toppling English as the global lingua franca.) Besides, China isn’t the only Asian country with good growth prospects—and anyway its fastest-growth days are probably behind it .
So if you’re looking to learn an Asian language, your country and your job prospects may well benefit from a non-Mandarin option. The same goes for your kids . You might even choose Cantonese, which by some measures has around 60 million speakers, many of whom live in economically important coastal Chinese cities.
Share this:

Quartz Daily BriefAmericas editionUS bombs Syria  UN climate summit  Chinese manufacturing gains  Yahoo for freeSeptember 23, 2014
What to watch for today
The UN discusses climate change without two of the biggest players. China’s Xi Jinping and India’s Narendra Modi won’t attend  the UN climate summit in New York (though lower-ranked officials will). About 650 investors have promised to divest $50 billion from fossil fuels.
Tesco’s new CFO has his hands full. Alan Stewart  starts work at Britain’s biggest retailer  (paywall) a few months early as he tries to clear up the mess that led to the company overstating its first-half profits by £250 million ($409 million).
Cruises make a comeback. Carnival reports quarterly earnings , and sales are expected to rise slightly as the company continues to recover from its various disasters . It’s  looking to Asia for growth, with new sales offices planned in several countries.
Recriminations in Scotland, relief in England. Expect some fur to fly in Edinburgh as the Scottish parliament holds its first session since last week’s failed bid for independence. Meanwhile, Labor leader Ed Miliband will address his party’s annual conference  in Manchester.
US manufacturing gets a check-up. Markit will release its flash manufacturing purchasing managers’ index for September while the Richmond Fed releases its manufacturing and services indices for the month.
While you were sleeping
The US and its allies began airstrikes in Syria… The Pentagon and five Sunni Arab countries  deployed bombers, fighters, armed drones, and cruise missiles  against the Islamic State’s de facto capital of Raqqa, Syria, and its forces along the Iraq border. The strikes also killed  30 al-Qaeda-linked militants  known as “ the Khorasan group ,” according to Syrian human rights observers; the US said the Khorasan fighters were planning an imminent attack against the US and Western interests.
…And Israeli forces shot down a Syrian fighter jet. Israel said the plane  crossed into Israeli-controlled air space in the Golan Heights , where Syrian mortars and shells have fallen throughout the country’s three-year civil war.
China’s manufacturing sector picked up steam. The September HSBC/Markit flash purchasing managers’ index edged up to 50.5 , from 50.2 in August, representing a small acceleration of manufacturing activity. The new data should help ease fears that the economy is  sputtering despite the government’s “mini-stimulus .”
A Chinese scholar got life in prison. Ilham Tohti, an economics professor who set up a website to promote a dialogue between China’s minority Uighur and majority Han ethnic groups,  was convicted of “separatism ” by a Chinese court. Human rights groups  deplored the verdict , and the US embassy said his arrest “ silenced an important Uighur voice that peacefully promoted harmony and understanding.”
Jimmy Choo took a step toward an IPO. JAB Luxury, the holding company that owns the upmarket British shoemaker, plans to float at least 25% of the business  on the London Stock Exchange. Jimmy Choo could be valued at $1.14 billion, and is likely to  tout its strong potential for growth in Asia  as it tries to tempt investors.
The US got tough on companies skimping on their taxes. The Obama administration is cracking down on tax inversions  (paywall), whereby a US company reduces its effective tax rate by merging with a foreign one and moving its headquarters abroad. New rules from the Treasury would complicate or disqualify  deals like Burger King’s acquisition of Canada’s Tim Hortons last month.
Ebola cases could reach 21,000 by November. The World Health Organization said the number of infections could  rise exponentially from the current 5,800 cases . A lack of basic medical necessities in the hardest-hit countries is hampering efforts to contain the virus.
Quartz obsession interlude
Lily Kuo on why the company that made your iPhone is reluctantly bringing democracy to Chinese labor. “A labor shortage, rising awareness of workers’ rights and ways to protest, as well as pressure on local governments to alleviate a country-wide economic slowdown, have given workers possibly the most power they have had since the Chinese communist party swept into power 65 years ago on the back of a revolution that promised to make life better for China’s farmers and workers.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
Iraq as a nation is a figment of the White House’s imagination. The Kurds have a very different perspective .
Alibaba could buy Yahoo for free. All that’s standing in the way is  Yahoo’s wounded pride .
Germany’s billions of euros to go green were well spent. Sometimes subsidies are necessary .
It’s not Uber’s job to take care of its drivers. If governments fail to provide, businesses shouldn’t have to pick up the slack .
Apple’s new headquarters will be the greenest building on the planet. At least that’s what Tim Cook claims .
Surprising discoveries
Ferrari is recalling 3,000 cars. There were fears that drivers could get  trapped in the trunk .
UPS wants to be a 3D-printing hub. Custom fabrication could be a hedge against the day when nothing needs to be delivered .
A giant cloud over St. Louis was actually a swarm of butterflies. They even flew in a giant butterfly formation .
Condoms can be used in the kitchen too. A Japanese cookbook is trying to reverse the falling popularity of the prophylactic .
Sheryl Sandberg is a comic-book heroine. She joins Mother Teresa and Michelle Obama in a series of graphic biographies .
Eating with overweight people makes you eat more. Scientists used an actress in a fat suit to test their theory.
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, Ferrari escape plans, and Sheryl Sandberg superpowers to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Has PM Modi changed his position on climate change from when he was Gujarat CMShare
Tap image to zoom
International climate change research has projected that the earth can take a total of 1,200 billion tonnes of emissions before warming crosses the 2 degree Celsius mark. This mark is accepted as a red line beyond which climate change will lead to dangerous, and often unmanageable, weather events. At the current rate of 40 billion tonnes of carbon released from deforestation and the use of fossil fuels, the global emissions will pass this safety margin in one generation.
The climate summit in New York this week is United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki Moon’s attempt to galvanise political will for formal negotiations in Paris next year. World leaders have been asked to make pledges on how they intend to tackle climate change. The meeting has already seen some wind knocked out of its sails with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping announcing that they will not attend it.
India and China are crucial to any deal on cutting global carbon emissions. China’s emissions have surpassed that from the US and European Union and India is fast catching up. India has been adamant about the principle of equity in climate negotiations and an agreement that recognises “common but differentiated responsibilities”. Such an agreement would recognise that developed countries have long been the drivers of climate change while poorer countries will suffer its effects more intensely.
Nations at the negotiating table also disagree on whether a new climate deal should have binding targets on emissions reduction or voluntary action by each country according to its capacity.
What’s Modi saying about climate change?
Prime Minister Modi, meanwhile, has raised eyebrows with his latest remarks on climate change. In his Teachers’ Day interaction with students on September 5, Modi said while talking about climate change he sometimes wonders what really has changed. “Older people – 70, 80 and 90 years old – say in winter ‘this time it’s colder than last year’. Actually, it’s not colder. People lose their ability to tolerate the cold as they grow older. In the same way, the climate hasn’t changed. We have changed.”
Before Modi is labelled a climate change sceptic, here’s what he said immediately after that: “We have changed. We have developed bad habits and because of that we have spoilt out environment. If we change then Nature is ready to restore its balance.”
Modi’s explanation is confounding. Was he referring to man-made climate change, which the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change defines as “change of climate that is attributed directly or indirectly to human activity that alters the composition of the global atmosphere and that is in addition to natural climate variability observed over comparable time periods”. Or was he referring to the pollution of the environment in general?
If Modi’s position is to question whether climate change is actually occurring, it’s a far cry from his stand as Gujarat chief minister, when he positioned himself as a champion of climate action. He set up what was celebrated as Asia’s dedicated first government department for climate change in the Gujarat government. His focus on renewable energy, particularly solar power, put Gujarat miles ahead of other states. When election results were declared on May 16 the renewable energy industry was delighted with the outcome, The Hindu reported . But Modi’s push for renewables comes more from an “all of the above” strategy to make India more energy-secure and not so much from a desire to reduce coal and other the fossil fuel use.
In 2009, Modi stated that addressing climate change was a moral issue for him. He authored an e-book titled Convenient Action in which he said climate change would definitely affect future generations. The book then attempts to outline what the Gujarat government has done about climate change.
Little headway
But the book doesn’t achieve very much, Nitin Sethi writes in the Business Standard . “It mixes up concepts just as the PM mixed up civic duty of citizens, scientific facts and metaphors in his speech on Teacher’s Day,” he said. “In the book, controversial dams are sold at equal footing to solar power, dubious carbon market players are showcased along with green public transport ventures, local pollution problems are mixed up with carbon emissions.”
Malini Mehra, founder of the non-profit organisation Centre for Social Markets, argues that the gaffe reveals the prime minister’s “miseducation” about climate change. In a post on the Responding to Climate Change website Mehra says:
“He had a captive audience of millions of students across the country whose future will be defined by climate change. But instead of educating them on the issue, why it mattered to India and what his government planned to do about it, he talked about threading needles in the moonlight.”
Modi’s mixed message on Teachers’ Day is all the more confusing for a prime minister under whom the Ministry for Environment and Forests was renamed as the Ministry for Environment, Forests and Climate Change.
This post originally appeared at Scroll .
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

BJP-Sena inch closer to resolving Maharashtra Assembly seat deadlockBJP-Sena inch closer to resolving Maharashtra Assembly seat deadlock
IIM-C  Tata Group invite applications for Social Enterprise ChallengeIIM-C, Tata Group invite applications for Social Enterprise Challenge
OUR BUREAU
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23  :  
The Tata Group has announced the commencement of the Tata Social Enterprise Challenge (TSEC) 2014-15, a joint initiative with the Indian Institute of Management Calcutta (IIM-C) to find India's most promising early-stage social enterprises.
The endeavour is to create an ecosystem for social entrepreneurship and encourage sustainable, scalable and measurable social impact. Teams who either have an early stage venture (not older than 3 years) or a promising idea with a plan that can create sustainable social impact in India, can submit their business plans online by logging onto www.tatasechallenge.org .
Impact Proposals (detailed Business Plans) are invited in the areas of agriculture, food and dairy, healthcare, water and sanitation, technology and development, education, housing, handicrafts, energy and microfinance/financial inclusion.
The ventures will be judged on three parameters - business model, social impact and sustainability. The last day to submit the proposal (business plan) online is 15 November 2014. The Challenge also invites the general public to nominate social enterprises they know who fit the eligibility criteria.
The event will culminate in January 2015 with a summit on social entrepreneurship at IIM Calcutta. The winners will be offered mentorship support, funding opportunities and a chance to be incubated at IIM Calcutta's Incubation Centre. In addition to mentorship, investment opportunities, incubation opportunities and cash awards, during the course of the initiative, the finalists of TSEC will receive continued support from IIM Calcutta, post the event, through cells on campus including Entrepreneurship-cell (Mentorship Support) and INCA (Pro-bono Consulting).
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Telangana electricity employees to get 27.5% fitment allowanceTelangana electricity employees to get 27.5% fitment allowance
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 23:  
A fitment allowance of 27.5 per cent has been approved and sanctioned by Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao to all employees of TS GENCO, TS TRANSCO and two DISCOMS as part of pay revision that has been long pending.
This was stated in a chief minister’s office statement today.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

VW India apprenticeship programmeTweet
Pune, Sept 23:  
Volkswagen India has started the fourth batch of mechatronics apprenticeship programme at its academy at the Pune plant.
The new batch of 16 apprentices, 25 per cent of whom are girls, will undergo the three-and-half-year programme which is based on the German dual system of vocational education and training.
It exposes the students to both theoretical and practical knowledge and also imparts interpersonal skills.
VW initiated the apprenticeship programme at Pune in 2011, admitting 16 students to this course every year.
Those getting admission to this course need to have scored at least 70 per cent or above in Science and Mathematics in their 10th standard and need to clear a written test and a personal interview conducted by the training faculty of the Volkswagen Academy. No fee is charged to the apprentices who are also paid a monthly stipend.
On successful completion of the course, the apprentices are eligible to take up jobs at the VW plant in various departments.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Sensex falls over 430 points to end below 27 000Market update: Sensex, Nifty log biggest single-day fall in over two months
BT Online Bureau     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 17:10 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
In their worst single-day fall in over two months, the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Tuesday tumbled 431 points and Nifty tanked 129 points on massive selling by foreign funds and retail investors in bluechips amid weak global cues.
The 30-share BSE Sensex after remaining range-bound at start, dipped below the 27,000-mark as blue-chip stocks lost ground.
Selling intensified largely in tandem with a weak trend in the global markets and it finally settled 431.05 points, or 1.58 per cent, lower to close at 26,775.69. This is its worst drop since July 8 when Sensex had plummeted 517.97 points.
On similar lines, the broader 50-issue National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty dropped 128.75 points, or 1.58 per cent, to close below 8,100 mark at 8,017.55 after moving between 8,159.75 and 8,008.10 intra-day. Tueasday's drop is also Nifty's worst show since July 8 when it lost 163.95 points.
Besides, caution ahead of monthly expiry in the derivatives segment on Thursday saw participants reducing their positions, traders said.
All the sectoral indices led by realty, oil and gas and metal ended in the negative zone with strong profit-taking seen in recent outperforming sectors including banking, healthcare, capital goods, auto and IT stocks.
Selling was heavier in small-cap and mid-cap stocks with their indices falling up to 2.48 per cent, after posting handsome gains in Monday's session.
"Markets fell sharply on the back of profit booking and negative global cues. The selling pressure gained momentum after data released on Eurozone economic activity indicated continuing weakness in the region," said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President of Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Stocks like Cipla, Tata Motors, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Tata Power were major laggards today. TCS, Sun Pharma, SBI, RIL, ONGC, Mahindra and Mahindra, L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Coal India (CIL) fell sharply. Bucking the trend, stocks of Hindustan Unilever, ITC, Maruti Suzuki and NTPC gained.
Sectorally, the BSE Realty sector index suffered the most by losing 4.91 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas down 2.58 per cent, Capital Goods 2.40 per cent and Metal 2.33 per cent, among others.
Globally, major markets in Asia ended down and European markets were weak in their opening trades. A survey in China showed factory employment slumped to a five-and-a-half-year low, which also unnerved investors.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 186.41 crore on Monday.

SpiceJet launches new discount scheme for SME travellersSpiceJet launches scheme for SME travellers, offers 10 per cent discount
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 16:15 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
In a bid to attract small and medium enterprise (SME) business travellers, budget carrier SpiceJet has launched a scheme which offers up to 10 per cent discount to them.
The scheme is part of new self-booking innovative tool that allows qualifying firms to manage their cost, schedule and overall travel requirements.
" SME traveller is aimed to target nearly 70-100 million MSMEs in the country who contribute to 8 per cent of the country's GDP. Hence we definitely see a business need to reach out to this section," said SpiceJet chief commercial officer Kaneswaran Avili.
Another unique feature of the tool is 'Spice Points' which enables the SME travellers to obtain further discounts on their future travel.
"This product enables individual business travellers of the registered SMEs to manage their travel needs on their own, while providing complete visibility and transparency to the SME business and travel managers," the company said in a statment.

Modi not a factor  BJP should declare its face in Maharashtra: ChavanNCP leaders Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan (C), Praful Patel (L), Manikrao Thakre at a meeting on seat-sharing for the forthcoming Assembly polls in Mumbai on Tuesday. (Source: PTI Photo)
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 23, 2014 4:08 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 4:48 pm
Daring BJP to name its leader for Maharashtra polls, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday took a jibe at the party for seeking votes in Narendra Modi’s name when it will be the Chief Minister and not the Prime Minister who will be taking day-to-day decisions in the state.
As the Congress-NCP alliance battles anti-incumbency of last 15 years, Chavan said Congress “may drop” some MLAs if there is public anger against them and more opportunities would be given to youth and women. At the same time, he made it clear that this would not be done at the cost of those who have nurtured their constituency, indicating that the upcoming candidate list of Maharashtra would be a mix of experience and youth.
“The fact is that Modi is not going to be the Chief Minister of the state. I think BJP is going to campaign by saying that we have Modi in Delhi. How does it help?,” he said adding that ultimately state government has to run on day-to-day basis.
“You cannot ask Modi what to do? People know that a person in charge, a person on Chief Minister’s chair, has to take decisions on minute to minute basis. So saying that we have Modi is neither here or there,” he said.
Chavan’s comments egging the BJP to declare its face for the state Assembly election comes in the backdrop of a tussle over leadership issue between BJP and Shiv Sena with the latter insisting that Uddhav Thackeray would be chief ministerial face of the alliance.
Modi is expected to aggressively campaign for the October 15 polls in the state and BJP is hoping that the it will build on its Lok Sabha gains when the BJP-Sena combine bagged 42 out of 48 seats.
“There is a clear choice in Shiv Sena, Congress and in NCP. So other parties have got a clear choice of leader. People will choose party, party’s ideology as well as party’s leader. So BJP will very soon have to declare who their leader is. So far they have not been able to project anyone to lead the election,” he said.
Confident of a Congress comeback in Maharashtra, Chavan said that over the last couple of months, many factors have emerged.
“You have got the by-election results, which indicates that people tend to vote differently when they want to form a national government than during state elections,” he said.
Asked if chance would be given to more youngsters in the upcoming polls, Chavan answered in the affirmative.
“But at the same time, people who have nursed their constituency for over five years, 10 years, they continued…

Digvijaya slams Modi govts claim of Xis sucessful visit  questions Chinas prepration for regional warPrint
In another tweet, Singh he said, "The DD newsreader who interpreted Xi as 11 was sacked by #Modisarkar. What'll they do wid d person who marked J&K and Arunachal as disputed?". (PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:42 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 6:28 pm
Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh Tuesday questioned the Narendra Modi government’s claims that Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India was a success as he targeted the Prime Minister for his handling of relations with the neighbouring country.
Referring to reports that the Chinese foreign ministry has expressed satisfaction over the Prime Minister’s statement that Tibet was an integral part of China, Singh charged that
the government had made a “major departure” from the stated position of India.
“I think it is a major departure from the stated position of India. Have we not compromised? Would Mr PM pl explain?” Singh said on twitter.
Further, taking objection to reports that the Chinese President had asked the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) to be combat ready to win a “regional war”, Singh tweeted that,
“President China asks PLA to be ready for a Regional War within a week of his so claimed successful visit to India! What went wrong Mr Modi?”
In another tweet, former Madhya Pradesh chief minister Singh, a known detractor of Modi, attacked him over the map controversy sparked by the alleged distribution of a handout by an official of the Gujarat government which purportedly shows Arunachal Pradesh as disputed territory.
“Indian Territory shown by Maps given by Gujarat Govt as disputed Territory! Nationalism/Patriotism Gujarat Style? Would PM/CM Gujarat Act?” Singh said.
Soon after Congress had raised the map issue on Monday, Gujarat government responded saying the map was not part of the memoranda signed with China.
“The map shows the location of Guangdong Province and Guangzhou City in China. The map was neither signed by any officials of the Gujarat government nor endorsed by Government of Gujarat.
“The map shows the location and other data such as geographical area, population, etc. The map was not part of the MoU signed,” the state government had said in a statement last evening.
India is faced with an incursion into the Chumar area of Ladakh by PLA troops who are showing no signs of withdrawing in a stand-off which has now lasted more than 10 days.
Meanwhile, Youth Congress President Rajiv Satav also took a dig at BJP over the Chinese incursion into Indian territory and the map controversy.
“7 Chinese Tent houses at #Chumar; No Aksai Chin in Indian map. What was the $20 bn deal for? #MainDeshNahiJhukneDunga,” Satav said in a tweet ridiculing one of the key slogans of BJP and Modi during Lok Sabha polls.
In another tweet, he said, “The DD newsreader who interpreted Xi as 11 was sacked by #Modisarkar. What’ll they do wid d person who marked J&K and Arunachal as disputed?”.

France wont stop fight against Islamic State despite kidnapping: French PMPrint
In this still image from video published on the Internet on Monday, Sept. 22, 2014, by a group calling itself Jund al-Khilafah, or Soldiers of the Caliphate, a captive Frenchman appeals to French President Francois Hollande to help free him. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Paris | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:38 pm
France’s prime minister says his country won’t stop fighting Islamic State militants despite demands by kidnappers holding a French hostage.
The 55-year-old man was abducted in Algeria on Monday by a splinter group from al-Qaida’s North African branch. The Jund al-Khilafah, or Soldiers of the Caliphate, said it would kill him unless France halts it airstrikes in Iraq within 24 hours.
Manuel Valls said Tuesday on Europe 1 radio that French authorities are “doing everything” to try to free the hostage, but won’t negotiate with his captors.
He said, “if we cede, if we retreat one inch, that would hand victory” to the militants.
French forces on Friday joined the U.S. in carrying out airstrikes against extremists who have overrun large areas of Syria and Iraq.

Islamic State releases second video of British hostage John CantlieUpdated: September 23, 2014 16:07 IST
Islamic State releases second video of British hostage John Cantlie
DPA
Reuters A still image taken from a purported Islamic State video shows British captive John Cantlie making a statement.
TOPICS
A second video purportedly of British hostage John Cantlie was released by the Islamic State as the United States and Arab allies hit the extremist group’s targets inside Syria for the first time.
Journalist John Cantlie has been held hostage for almost two years.
In the video, entitled Lend Me Your Ears: Message from the British Detainee John Cantlie: Episode 1, he is critical of the military campaign against the militant group.
He is seen wearing an orange jumpsuit in the video, in which he warns U.S. President Barack Obama against joining the war.
“Not since Vietnam have we witnessed such a potential mess in the making,” Mr. Cantlie says in the video, which lasts for about five minutes. He notes Mr. Obama’s opposition in 2003 to the war in Iraq.
While there are no Islamic State fighters visible in the video, it is apparent that the journalist is under duress and reciting from a prepared script.
Mr. Cantlie was twice captured in Syria, managing to escape the first time. He was taken in November 2012 along with a fellow journalist, American James Foley , who was beheaded by the Islamic State.

Sensex closes 430 points down  capital goods stocks crashSensex closes 430 points down  capital goods stocks crash
Unimpressive India manage 7-0 win against Oman in men s hockeyUnimpressive India manage 7-0 win against Oman in men s hockey
GVK to sell stake in airport biz; eyes $400 mnGVK to sell stake in airport biz; eyes $400 mn
DCB Bank allots shares; stock down ~4%DCB Bank allots shares; stock down ~4%
Allsoft Corporation: Outcome of AGMSep 23, 2014, 04.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Allsoft Corporation: Outcome of AGM
Allsoft Corporation has informed that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Allsoft Corporation: Outcome of AGM
Allsoft Corporation has informed that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Allsoft Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Rungta Irrigation: Outcome of AGMSep 23, 2014, 04.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rungta Irrigation: Outcome of AGM
Rungta Irrigation has informed that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rungta Irrigation: Outcome of AGM
Rungta Irrigation has informed that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Rungta Irrigation Ltd has informed BSE that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Unichem LaboratoriesPlatinum Member
Unichem Labs was last traded at Rs 231.75, up 0.39%. What`s your view on the stock?
Silver Member
8 Followers
This message has been marked offensive by JQ .          It will be reviewed by the MMB Moderator shortly.

Safety Probe of Ford Fiesta Door Latchessafety probe of ford fiesta door latches
Aagadu review: Without a pauseMahesh Babu plays a cop in the film
TOPICS
Telugu cinema
This film couldn’t have had a better title. Nearly every actor in Aagadu is unstoppable. Director Sreenu Vaitla wants his film to do the talking, literally. The writers may have written not pages, but a complete book of lengthy dialogues in advance to enable the actors memorise, rehearse and deliver the lines without a pause. It’s a blessing they don’t pause, because the punctuations could have extended the film by another 30 minutes. Aagadu is now 165 minutes.
Sreenu Vaitla and Mahesh return from their last successful outing, Dookudu, with the confidence of drawing the crowds with another fast-paced ‘masala’ entertainment. Shankar (Mahesh), or encounter Shankar as he is known, comes to Bukkapatnam with a mission of bringing to book the local don, Damodar (Sonu Sood). Liquor and betting are small businesses for Damodar. Backed by men in power, he eyes a power project that could spell doom for the hamlet. Circle inspector Shankar requires more than brawn power to outwit Damodar.
In Mahesh, Sreenu Vaitla finds the perfect foil for a smart alec cop who can mix wit with muscle power. The actor exudes confidence and plays his role to the hilt. He turns around the non-functioning police station in the town and makes his victims sing to his tunes not by force, but with storytelling. It’s fun to watch the first goon buying Shankar’s re-telling of Dookudu and spilling the beans on his liquor business. But when the same trick is applied to other benamis of Damodar, with re-tellings of Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu and other films, the novelty wears out.
No-nonsense cops in most mainstream films are driven by personal reasons for revenge, apart from a sense of duty. Shankar is no exception. Aagadu is a simple, oft-repeated cop vs. don story. The difference here is the don is reduced to a cardboard. For a mind game to be interesting, both players need to be smart and second guess the opponent’s next move, which doesn’t happen here.
The end, when it comes, is hurried and with no surprises. No, making Brahmanandam dance to popular hits in the climax is not fun any more.
A battalion of actors from Sonu Sood to Rajendra Prasad, Ajay to M.S. Narayana, Brahmanandam to Posani, do their bit in a star-driven film. Tamannaah and her folks are a riot, as a family that will do anything to market their sweet store. The gay humour involving Ashish Vidyarthi, though, is in poor taste.
If one is looking for gags, Aagadu offers them in plenty. What’s a Telugu commercial film without its gags? Who wouldn’t like the idea of Mahesh and goons locked in a mock game show? And there’s no dearth of laughter if Mahesh and Brahmanandam are in a battle of one-upmanship.
But try an overdose of this formula and it could be tiring. Add to that Thaman’s high decibel score and a discerning viewer would be left longing for a few quiet moments. K.V. Guhan’s cinematography adds to the slick quality of the film.
Aagadu
Cast: Mahesh Babu, Tamannaah, Sonu Sood, Brahmanandam and others.
Direction: Sreenu Vaitla
Storyline: A circle inspector hunts down a don.
Bottomline: Brevity is a forgotten word.

PSBs need up to $37 bn capital to meet Basel-III normsPSBs need up to $37 bn capital to meet Basel-III norms
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Global rating agency Moody’s said on Monday the 11 Indian public sector banks (PSBs) rated by it will need to raise up to $37 billion in external capital to meet Basel-III norms by March 2019.
This assessment is based on an assumption of a moderate recovery in economic growth and a gradual decline in new non-performing loans (NPLs) formation from the currently elevated levels. According to this, the Indian PSBs  will have to raise between Rs 1.5 lakh crore ($26 billion) and Rs 2.2 lakh crore ($37 billion) as Tier-I capital by FY19, Moody’s said in a statement. These PSBs represent 62 per cent of net loans in the Indian banking system.
“Indian public-sector banks barely meet the current minimum capital requirements, and we anticipate they will find it difficult to raise capital quickly in the current environment,” said Moody’s Vice-President Gene Fang.
Basel-III norms raise the minimum required capital levels for total Tier-1 to seven per cent and for Common Equity Tier-1 (CET1) capital to 5.5 per cent. Plus, banks will need to meet a “capital conservation buffer” in order to pay dividends, Moody’s noted.
This would put pressure on Indian public-sector banks, because low capital levels remain a key credit weakness, the rating agency added.
“Weak asset quality has depressed profitability and internal capital generation, leaving public-sector banks reliant on periodic capital injections from the government,” said Fang.
With the new Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led government at the Centre looking to reduce the country's Budget deficit, the amount available for such injections is not likely to grow. While banks can tap the equity markets to raise capital, with still-low bank valuations, they might struggle to raise the required amount. That's despite the recent rally in Indian stock prices, Moody’s noted.
According to the rating agency, a significant part of the required capital — Rs 80,000 crore ($13 billion) to Rs 90,000 crore ($15 billion) — could be in the form of additional Tier-1 (AT1) capital. AT1 will have a fairly limited role when Basel-III is fully phased in from 2019. However, in the meantime, a significant amount of Indian public-sector banks’ current Tier-1 requirements could be met with AT1 securities.
Under the transitional requirements, AT1 can account for the difference between the targeted eight per cent Tier-1 requirement and the 5.5 per cent minimum CET1 requirement for March 2015.
At the same time, AT1 securities would most likely be sold to domestic or international fixed-income investors.
THE BILLION $ QUESTION
$37 bn: The amount Indian PSBs it rates would need by March 2019 to be Basel-III compliant
Basel-III norms raise the minimum required capital levels for both Tier-I capital to 7% and CET-I capital to 5.5%
These PSBs represent 62% of net loans in the Indian banking system
Around $13-15 billion of the required capital could be in the form of AT1 capital

White-label ATM growth in limbo over PSB responseWhite-label ATM growth in limbo over PSB response
Nupur Anand | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 12:49 AM IST
More than a year after the first white-label automated teller machine (ATM) was launched in India, many entities are struggling with the rollout. What has made the situation sticky for operators of such ATMs is the fact that no public sector bank (PSB) has come on board.
"We have private banks on board; not having any PSB has become a challenge," said Loney Antony, managing director, Prizm Payments, a white-label ATM operator.
K Srinivas, managing director and chief executive, BTI Payments, says, "Generally, state-run banks have better coverage, in terms of branch network in rural areas. As a result, it is much easier if a PSB comes on board. Otherwise, aspects such as availability of cash are challenges in smaller areas."
Sponsor banks are responsible for cash operations, deployment and dispute resolution management, if the need arises.
Centralised activity of buying ATMs had made many PSBs refrain from tie-up with private service providers, said a senior Indian Bank's Association (IBA) executive. He added recent changes in norms for pricing altered cost dynamics, leading to fewer customer visits to ATMs, especially of non-home entities.
White-label ATMs were introduced to increase the network of these machines in semi-urban and rural areas. Companies in this segment are mandated to open 67 per cent of their ATMs in rural locations (tier III-VI) and 33 per cent in urban ones (tier I and II cities).
The low interchange fee (the amount a bank has to pay a white-label ATM operator if its customer makes a transaction at the latter's ATM) a concern for operators. Currently, the fee for white-label ATMs and bank-deployed ATMs is the same - Rs 15 for a cash transaction and Rs 5 for a non-cash one.
Sanjeev Patel, chief executive, Tata Communications Payment Solutions, says the cost incurred by an operator is much more. "We have to spend money in cash deployment to far-flung areas. We also incur higher costs in terms of electricity, satellites, etc, in rural areas. As a result, there should be a separate interchange fee for white-label ATM operators."
Though the operators are mandated to tie up with financial and non-financial entities for advertising, they haven't managed to rope in many partners. Due to this, such ATMs aren't financially viable.
Bank-managed ATMs offer stiff competition. "We have tied up with several white-label ATMs but sometimes, my bank management is not comfortable with it. This is because if we have another ATM close to that area, it could lead to cannibalisation. As a result, we have sponsored white-label ATMs, but we can't after a certain point," said an executive from a private bank that has been aggressively expanding its ATM network.
Operators are hoping the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana will provide them a boost, as several customers in rural areas will be given debit cards and banks are expected to set up more ATMs in the hinterland.
SORRY, THIS ATM IS TEMPORARILY OUT OF SERVICE
What is a white-label ATM?
A white-label ATM (WLA) is not owned by a bank but by a private service provider
WLAs are aimed at driving penetration across Tier-I to Tier-VI markets
Customers of any bank can access these ATMs
WLAs have been established to increase penetration in semi-urban and rural areas
Active Players in WLA Space
Tata Communications Payment Solutions

Chennai gut Dolphins after Raina explosionBatsmen set up big win for Chennai
CLT20, GAME 8—Raina, McCullum, Jadeja smash Dolphins for 242.
By Rachna Shetty | ESPNcricinfo –  Mon 22 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Chennai Super Kings 242 for 6 (Raina 90, McCullum 49, Jadeja 40*) beat Dolphins 188 (Chetty 38, Mohit 4-41, Bravo 2-17) by 54 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Raina: 90 off 43 with 8 sixes.
A stunning 43-ball 90 from Suresh Raina was the cornerstone of Chennai Super Kings' 54-run win over Dolphins in Bangalore but the contest, at least for the early part of the Dolphins chase, was far more closely matched than the eventual victory margin suggested.
Dolphins captain Morne van Wyk had opted to bowl and said his decision had been influenced by the reputation the Chinnaswamy Stadium had for aiding sides batting second. For 20 overs of Super Kings' innings, however, van Wyk could only watch from behind the stumps as Raina, Brendon McCullum, Faf du Plessis and Ravindra Jadeja plundered runs at will, powering Super Kings to 242 for 6.
The Dolphins response was equally explosive at the start. Van Wyk and Cameron Delport raised the side's 50 in 15 balls. By the end of the Powerplay, Dolphins had raced to 85 for 2, bettering the CLT20 record set by Super Kings earlier in the day. As is typical in big chases, the breakthroughs came when the Dolphins batsmen kept playing for the big shots, but they were also left to rue a poor decision from umpire K Srinath, who adjudged Van Wyk lbw when a ball from R Ashwin had pitched several inches outside leg stump. The dismissal came in an over where the Dolphins captain had smacked two fours and a six off the bowler.
After van Wyk was dismissed, Dolphins' hopes rested on Delport who swung and swiped his way to a nine-ball 34. All but two of the deliveries he faced had raced to the boundary and his bustling innings had threatened to play out the same way as Andre Russell 's a few days ago before Mohit Sharma ended it with a slower ball.
After Delport was out, the pressure of keeping pace with a spiraling asking rate was squarely on Cody Chetty. He tried with a gamely 37 off 28 balls but his dismissal gave Super Kings an opening to stifle the scoring rate for a couple of overs and the bowlers responded. The target left Dolphins with no room for quiet overs and when those did come, especially during Bravo's tight spell filled with variations of slower balls, whatever little hope they had left slipped away quickly.
In sharp contrast, unburdened by a target hanging over them, the Super Kings innings motored along at top speed. MS Dhoni had some concerns at the toss about how the track would behave due to the presence of a few patches but there was little to worry about for Super Kings once they began. After Dwayne Smith fell early to the left-arm spin of Keshav Maharaj, Raina and McCullum set about dismantling the Dolphins attack, matching each other almost stroke for stroke during a relentless 91-run stand that came off 45 balls.
The Dolphin pacers, including Kyle Abbott, had few answers to the fearsome shots McCullum unleashed either side of the wicket, harking back in some ways to the whirlwind century he played during the first game of the Indian Premier League.
The pair led Super Kings to the second-best Powerplay score of the season, smashing 70 in the first six overs. Raina got off the mark with a four and after that, kept carving out sixes effortlessly. The scoring rate barely suffered a hiccup when McCullum was out for 49 - caught at deep midwicket off a mis-timed shot - as Raina took over the lead role. He marched to a fifty off 27 balls and in a third-wicket partnership of 65 with du Plessis, contributed 53 runs.
The gaps between the landmarks showed how effectively Super Kings had negated the Dolphins attack as the side progressed to 50 to 100 and 150 in 25, 28 and 26 balls, respectively. Sixty-four of Raina's 90 runs came in boundaries and by the time his top edge settled in Delport's hands at point, Raina had become the first Indian batsman to move past 5000 runs in T20s and was one short of 200 sixes in the format.
Dolphins' relief over quick wickets at the end was also short-lived as Jadeja smashed 40 off 14 balls to produce a big flourish. Abbott came back and bowled a couple of quiet overs but by then the total had swelled to 242, equalling the tournament record set by Otago Volts last season.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

French tourist kidnapped by Isis groupFrench tourist kidnapped in Algeria by group linked to Isis
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/36102a4c-4293-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Clorox cleans up balance sheet  shares rise 7.4%Clorox cleans up balance sheet, shares up 7.4%
By: Gary Strauss September 22, 2014 6:58 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Clorox CLX proved to be among Wall Streets lone bright spots Monday, rising $6.66 (7.4%) to $97.23 after the household products marketer said it was shedding  its money losing Venezuela operations.
“This is a very difficult situation for our company,” said CEO Don Knauss. “We are extremely proud of the men and women who did their very best to operate our business in the face of significant economic challenges.”
About 450 employees will be impacted.
Clorox Venezuela was hamstrung by a government-mandated price freeze for nearly three years, while triple-digit inflation cut into packaging, wage and transportation costs,  forcing Clorox to sell products at a loss, the Oakland, Calif., based company said in a Monday securities filing.
Venezuela represented 1.4% of  fiscal $5.6 billion overall sales, or about $77 million. But it generated losses of about $23 million. Government-approved price increases would not have been sufficient to erase on-going  losses, Clorox said.
Clorox, often mentioned as a buyout target, also said it expects 2015 sales to be flat, reassuring Wall Street expectations.  Its product lines include Pine-Sol cleaners, Fresh Step cat litter, Glad storage bags and Kingsford charcoal.
The stock hit a new 52-week high of $98.31 in heavy trading earlier Monday before fading.   Year-to-date, shares are up 4.8%.
 

Rupee down 11 paise against US dollar  at 60.93Forex update: Rupee ends at one-week low of 60.94 on dollar demand, weak equities
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 18:27 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
The rupee on Tuesday depreciated by 12 paise to close at one-week low of 60.94 against the American currency on month-end dollar demand from importers and steep fall in the domestic equity market .
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.93 a dollar from previous close of 60.82 . It was trapped in a narrow breadth of 60.86 and 61.00 before concluding at 60.94, logging a fall of 12 paise (or 0.20 per cent).
Tuesday's closing level is the rupee's weakest level in a week as it had closed at 61.05 on September 16.
Demand for the Greenback from importers, mainly oil refiners, to meet their month-end requirements weighed on the the local unit.
"The Indian rupee was influenced by state-run banks' dollar-purchases on behalf of oil importers. Local markets await the RBI's monetary policy review on September 30," said Suresh Nair, Director of Admisi Forex India.
Weak factory employment numbers in China and private sector data showing slowdown in Eurozone growth in September led the two indices, Sensex and Nifty, to register their biggest fall in over two months.
This drop had a sentimental impact on the rupee value .
FPIs/FIIs picked up shares worth US $11.37 million yesterday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index, a gauge of six major global rivals, was down by 0.30 per cent.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said, "The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.60 to 61.40."
In forward market, premium moved down further on sustained receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February declined to 216.5-218 paise from its overnight close of 219.5-221.5 paise.
Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 dropped to 472.5-474.5 paise from 477-479 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.8708 and for the euro at 78.2251.
The rupee dipped against the pound to 99.89 from 99.31 previously while fell back to 78.56 per euro from 78.12. It also turned negative to end at 56.17 per 100 Japanese yen from 55.78 previously.

The first Jolla smartphone with Sailfish OS coming to India todaySep 23, 2014 at  02:09pm IST
The first Jolla smartphone with Sailfish OS coming to India today
Read: The first Jolla smartphone with Sailfish OS comes to India at Rs 16,499
New Delhi: Finnish smartphone maker Jolla is all set to launch its first Sailfish smartphone in Indian on September 23, Tuesday. The company will unveil the device at its press event on Tuesday in New Delhi. Jolla has entered into a partnership with Indian e-commerce website Snapdeal to sell the device in India.
The new Jolla smartphone with its distinct button-less design, Sailfish OS gesture-based user experience, and Android application compatibility will be available in India exclusively on Snapdeal.com.
The upcoming Jolla phone will come with a 4.5-inch display and an 8 megapixel camera. It is powered by a dual-core processor and has 16GB of onboard storage.
#jolla #sailfish #smartphone #snapdeal
The Rs 28,000 (349 Euro) phone will come with a 4.5-inch display and an 8 megapixel camera. It is powered by a dual-core processor and has 16GB of onboard storage. The company has not yet revealed its price for the Indian market, and we expect it to be announced on September 23.
Another highlight of the Jolla is that it is Android apps compatible, which means that users will be able to run their favourite Android apps in addition Sailfish apps on their Jolla phone.
"India is the rising smartphone market of the world and we look forward to welcoming many new Jolla fans across the country," said Sami Pienimaki, co-founder of Jolla, in a statement.
Jolla is a Finnish startup, formed by former Nokia employees and using technology ditched by the handset maker. The startup, Jolla Ltd, will use MeeGo software, created by Nokia and Intel in 2010-2011, for its products.
Jolla is also being positioned as a button-less phone and instead users gestures to navigate.
(With inputs from agencies)

NPPA rolls back decision to bring 108 drugs under price controlHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
NPPA rolls back decision to bring 108 drugs under price control regulation
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
The National Pharmaceuticals Pricing Authority (NPPA) has decided to roll back its earlier decision to bring about 108 non-scheduled drugs meant for the treatment of lifestyle diseases such as heart disease and diabetes under price control.
According to an internal guideline issued by the Authority, this step has been taken in line with the directive of the Department of Pharmaceuticals under the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilisers.
This move comes soon after the Delhi High Court instructed the Government and the pharmaceutical companies to resolve the matter expeditiously since it impacts people.
The pharmaceutical associations challenged the move by NPPA to cap the price of 108 drugs by an order on May 29. The Authority had invoked Paragraph 19, DPCO, to extend the controlled regime to medicines which don't fall under the National List of Essential Medicines.
Under Paragraph 19, DPCO, the NPPA has the authority to extend price control over medicines outside of the essential medicines list in “extraordinary circumstances” and in the “public interest”.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

HTC launches the 64-bit octa-core Desire 820  quad-core Desire 820q  dual-SIM Desire 816G in India24
2
New Delhi: HTC has launched its recently announced Desire 820 smartphone in India at an event in New Delhi.
HTC also unveiled a quad-core variant of the Desire 820, called the Desire 820q. The 820q is also a 64-bit phone.
The HTC Desire 820 is the successor to the Desire 816. The phone is powered by Qualcomm octa-core 64-bit processor with integrated LTE modem.
The Desire 820 features a 5.5-inch 720p display and an 8 megapixel front-facing camera.
#htc desire 820 #64 bit processors #htc #smartphones
HTC also announced the launch of the dual-SIM Desire 816G - a new variant of the Desire 816 smartphone. It is priced at Rs 18,990 and is going on sale this October.
HTC has however not announced the prices for the Desire 820 and Desire 820q and says it would reveal the prices closer to availability.
The HTC Desire 820 features a 5.5-inch 720p display and an 8 megapixel front-facing camera. The HTC Desire 820's rear camera has a 13 megapixel BSI sensor.
The Desire 820 includes Face Fusion software that allows users to marge their facial features with those of a friend or celebrity; real time Live Makeup, which gives users a preview and allows setting of desired level of skin smoothing before an image is captured; and Photo Booth with which users can capture several moments in a single image.
The HTC Desire 820 will be available in Marble White, Tuxedo Grey, Santorini White and Milky-way Grey.
The HTC Desire 820 and Desire 820q will be available in India from early November.
The phone was unveiled earlier this month at IFA, Berlin.
292

India to seek re-election to UNHRC in OctoberIndia to seek re-election to UN's human rights body in October
Yoshita Singh     United Nations   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 14:47 IST
United Nations Human Rights Council is UN's main human rights body (Photo: Reuters)
India will seek re-election to the United Nations Human Rights Council for a second consecutive term in a vote to be held in October.
The country is currently a member of the 47-nation UNHRC and its term ends on December 31, 2014. It is seeking re-election to UN's main human rights body for the period of 2015-17 and the elections will be held in October during the ongoing 69th session of the UN General Assembly, according to the Indian mission to the UN.
India will compete in the Asia group in which four seats will be up for election. The other countries in the Asia group that will be candidates in the electionare Bangladesh, Qatar, Thailand and Indonesia.
The support of member states for the country's candidature in the Human Rights Council elections would be greatly appreciated, a note from the Indian mission said.
The Council members are elected for a period of three years by the majority of members of the General Assembly through direct and secret ballot. They have the ability to discuss all thematic human rights issues and situations that require its attention throughout the year.
In 2013, the General Assembly had elected 14 countries, including China, Saudi Arabia and Russia to serve on the Council.
According to the Council website, the General Assembly takes into account the candidate states' contribution to the promotion and protection of human rights,as well as their voluntary pledges and commitments in regard of the same.
While members of the Council serve for a period of three years, they are not eligible for immediatere-election after serving two consecutive terms.
The Council's Membership is based on equitable geographical distribution, with 13 seats each for African and Asia-Pacific states, eight seats for Latin American and Caribbean states, seven for Western European and other states and six for Eastern European states.
(PTI)

Global Stocks off but China ReboundsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

New listing: Sharda Cropchem up 76%  debuts at Rs 260Sep 23, 2014, 10.29 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sharda Cropchem shares surge 76% on Day 1
Retail investors, who had got 90 equity shares (minimum lot size) in allotment, earned a profit of Rs 10,620 (Rs 118 per share at day's high) as against investment of Rs 14,040 in 15 days.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sharda Cropchem shares surge 76% on Day 1
Retail investors, who had got 90 equity shares (minimum lot size) in allotment, earned a profit of Rs 10,620 (Rs 118 per share at day's high) as against investment of Rs 14,040 in 15 days.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Sharda Cropchem debuted on the bourses with 66.67 percent rally on Tuesday, which is higher than analysts' expectations of around 40-45 percent jump over issue price of Rs 156.
The stock opened at Rs 260 level on the National Stock Exchange and touched day's high of Rs 274 (up 75.64 percent) and low of Rs 245.25 (up 57.2 percent over issue price).
Retail investors, who had got 90 equity shares (minimum lot size) in allotment, earned a profit of Rs 10,620 (Rs 118 per share at day's high) as against investment of Rs 14,040 in 15 days.
Mumbai-based Sharda Cropchem is a crop protection chemical company engaged in the marketing and distribution of a wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally. It is also involved in order based procurement and supply of belts, general chemicals, dyes and dye intermediates.
The public issue, which was opened for subscription during September 5-9, was oversubscribed 60 times.
The company did not get money raised through this issue as purpose of the public issue was to carry out sale of 2,25,55,124 equity shares by selling shareholders (HEP Mauritius, Ramprakash V Bubna and Sharda R Bubna) and achieve the benefits of listing equity shares on exchanges - BSE and NSE.
Bubna family, the promoter and promoter group, reduced their stake in the company from 84.13 percent to 75 percent and non-institutional investor HEP Mauritius offloaded its entire stake of 15.87 percent.
In FY14, the company clocked a consolidated topline of Rs 782 crore (up 0.54 percent over FY13) with around 82.5 percent being contributed by the agrochemical business (Rs 645 crore), Rs 15.8 percent being contributed by the conveyor belt business (Rs 123 crore) and around 1.7 percent being contributed by other business (dyes). Net profit of the company in FY14 grew by 26.8 percent year-on-year to Rs 106.9 crore compared to previous financial year supported by other income and lower depreciation.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

The first Jolla smartphone with Sailfish OS comes to India at Rs 16 499Sep 23, 2014 at  04:56pm IST
The first Jolla smartphone with Sailfish OS comes to India at Rs 16,499
41
0
New Delhi: Finnish smartphone maker Jolla has announced its entry in the Indian smartphone market with its Sailfish OS phone at Rs 16,499.
The new Jolla smartphone with its button-less design, Sailfish OS gesture-based user experience, and Android application compatibility will be available in India exclusively on Snapdeal.com.
ALSO SEE Jolla's Sailfish OS review: Saves time once you get used to the gestures
Jolla has a 4.5-inch display and an 8 megapixel camera. It is powered by a dual-core processor and has 16GB of onboard storage.
A highlight of Jolla's homonymous phone is 'The Other Half' backpanel that gives the phone and the also its UI a different colour and design.
#jolla #sailfish os #smartphones #snapdeal
Jolla is Android apps compatible, which means that users will be able to run their Android applications in addition Sailfish apps on their Jolla phone.
Another highlight of Jolla's homonymous phone is 'The Other Half' backpanel. Each backpanel gives the phone and the also its UI a different colour and design. Colours, fonts, tones, profiles, functionalities all can be controlled by switching the back panels. Jolla's 'The Other Half; is currently available in Keira Black, Aloe and Poppy Red viariants.
"India is the rising smartphone market of the world and we look forward to welcoming many new Jolla fans across the country," said Sami Pienimaki, co-founder of Jolla, in a statement.
Jolla is a Finnish startup, formed by former Nokia employees and using technology ditched by the handset maker. The startup, Jolla Ltd, will use MeeGo software, created by Nokia and Intel in 2010-2011, for its products.
Jolla specifications
Display:  4.5" IPS qHD display 5-point multi-touch with Gorilla 2 Glass
Camera: 8 megapixel AF camera with LED flash; 2 megapixel front-facing camera
Memory: 16GB storage, 1GB RAM, MicroSD slot
Talk time & battery: 9 / 10 hours (GSM / 3G approx.); User-replaceable battery
Operating system: Sailfish OS

Shiv Sena leaders at BJP door to save Maharashtra allianceShiv Sena leaders at BJP door to save Maharashtra alliance
Maharashtra situation  good   saffron horses "unstoppable": Shiv SenaAmit Shah
("What news is there if the…)
MUMBAI: In first signs of a thaw in the saffron alliance after a tense stand-off over seat-sharing for Maharashtra Assembly polls, Shiv Sena today said the situation in the state is "good" and the "horses of Sena-BJP are running fast and are unstoppable" against "Congress-NCP mules".
Sena, in an editorial in party mouthpiece 'Saamana', also blamed "some in the media" for wanting the alliance to snap.
"The situation in Maharashtra is good. The horses of Sena-BJP are running fast and are unstoppable. There is no value of Congress-NCP mules," it said even as leaders of the two parties today came together in front of the media for the first time in several days and asserted both wanted the alliance to continue.
"What news is there if the alliance remains? But there is certainly news if it snaps. That is why, some in media are waiting for the alliance to snap," the editorial said.
"It is said that there is betting of Rs 100-500 crore on whether 'Mahayuti' alliance will remain or break," it said, adding "media is now part of this betting. A section is waiting for the alliance to break so that it can be sensational news."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Biometric attendance for govt employees by ...Aadhar
(REPRESENTATIVE IMAGE:…)
NEW DELHI: Aadhaar-based biometric attendance systems for central government employees will be fully operational by the end of this month.
"The biometric attendance system for central employees will be fully functional by the end of this month," Information Technology Secretary Ram Sevak Sharma told PTI.
According to Sharma, the attendance of the employees can be tracked through a website, attendence.gov.in, which would be fully operational by the month-end.
The website is expected to bring more transparency as it would provide and update information about central government employees on real-time basis.
The attendance web portal will use the information entered in the biometric devices and will act as a centralised management information system (MIS) for attendance.
Under the new attendance system, the employees would be able to mark their attendance using biometric reading devices in various government offices.
It will facilitate employees mark their attendance at other central offices also which would help the government to track their movements.
According to the information available on the attendance web portal, as many as 163 central government organisations have registered themselves for the same.
At present, as many as 1,816 biometric attendance devices are operational in various central government offices. There are around 43,000 registered users (employees), out of which 18,262 are Aadhaar verified.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra: Sena hits out at media  says betting of Rs 100-500 crore on the fate of alliance10
0
Mumbai: The Shiv Sena in its mouthpiece Saamna has hit out at media speculations over the future of its alliance with the Bharatiya Janata Party. Trouble has been brewing in the 25-year-old alliance over the seat sharing for Maharashtra Assembly elections.
In first signs of a thaw in the saffron alliance after a tense stand-off, Shiv Sena said the situation in the state is "good" and the "horses of Sena-BJP are running fast and are unstoppable" against "Congress-NCP mules".
The Sena also blamed "some in the media" for wanting the alliance to snap.
"What news is there if the alliance remains? But there is certainly news if it snaps. That is why, some in media are waiting for the alliance to snap," it said.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #shiv sena #bjp
"The situation in Maharashtra is good. The horses of Sena-BJP are running fast and are unstoppable. There is no value of Congress-NCP mules," it said.
"What news is there if the alliance remains? But there is certainly news if it snaps. That is why, some in media are waiting for the alliance to snap," the editorial said.
"It is said that there is betting of Rs 100-500 crore on whether 'Mahayuti' alliance will remain or break," it said, adding "media is now part of this betting. A section is waiting for the alliance to break so that it can be sensational news."
3

Maharashtra elections: Uddhav fights to save Sena  father s legacy  may emerge winner3
0
Mumbai: Uddhav Thackeray, the successor of the late Shiv Sena Supremo, Balasaheb Thackeray is now at the centre stage of Maharashtra politics. Lke his father, Uddhav too is not succumbing to any political pressure of the oldest alliance partner the BJP. The BJP has become more assertive after the spectacular victory in the recent parliamentary elections.
After an ugly open war with his cousin Raj Thackeray, who left to launch his own political outfit the MNS and the death of his father, Uddhav retained the Shiv Sena and has not allowed the party to disintegrate. Proving his detractors wrong, he quietly consolidated his power by increasing the Shiv Sena network across the state.
However, he is considered a sober and gentle politician when compared to his rabble rousing father. The BJP was under the impression that he would now easily give in to their demand and prepared a list 59 Assembly constituencies with low vote share for the Shiv Sena to discourage him.
Thackeray proved that he is a true son of Balasaheb, and sent a strong message that he could not tolerate any disrespect to him or his party.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #shiv sena #uddhav thackeray
During his first visit to Mumbai, the over confident BJP President Amit Shah, had no scheduled to visit Matoshree, the residence of the Thackeray family, which has been a tradition followed by the party. Both, Pramod Mahajan and Gopinath Munde had strictly followed this protocol.
Uddhav Thackeray was angered by this and felt that the BJP had never given any respect to him and to his party. Despite the long standing partnership of over 25 years and winning 18 parliamentary seats, the Shiv Sena was forced to accept not so important heavy industries portfolio by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi after the Lok Sabha results.
Thackeray proved that he is a true son of Balasaheb, and sent a strong message that he could not tolerate any disrespect to him or his party. He has clarified time and again that he did not aspire to be the Chief Minister at the cost of the alliance. But it was his decision to demand the CM post is being seen as a clever strategy to safeguard the identity of the Shiv Sena, as its position in Maharashtra could be in a danger because of assertive nature of the BJP.
In a sudden turn of events, Uddhav, a soft spoken leader has taken a very a rigid stand, surprising even his own party leaders. Until it was believed that only his cousin Raj was capable of taking strong stand like the late Sena Sena Supremo. However, the general public seems to be in support of the stand taken by Uddhav. It has elevated his stature among the common people. Maharashtrians always gave priority to their Marathi 'Asmita' over the development. If Uddhav stands for elections, there is a strong possibility of Shiv Sena gaining power without the support of the BJP.
The decision by Uddhav to contest is the Assembly election is being seen as a welcome gesture by the rural folks, as they see it as an opportunity to oust the Congress and NCP from Maharashtra.  The BJP propaganda to project Uddhav as a power hungry leader has not gone down well with the common people.  They have a very positive opinion about the son of senior Thackeray.
Historically, the relationship between the Gujaratis and Shiv Sena followers has never been cordial. It may be recalled that the agitation of Samyukta (United) Maharashtra which was started in the 1960's was actually against the Gujarati cotton mill owners. Most of the Mumbai's cotton mill owners were Gujaratis who allegedly always supported the British and after the freedom they supported an independent Mumbai outside Maharashtra.
Whereas, the cotton mill labourers were Marathi people, who supported the Shiv Sena. After fifty years, the stand taken by Uddhav in the name of Marathi people is being seen as a masterstroke. The Shiv Sena has already started a public tirade against the BJP president Amit Shah. Uddhav Thackeray has taken this bold step knowing it well that it is a very big gamble. Uddhav has decided to fight with the killer instinct like his father Balasaheb Thackeray. As there is a widespread acceptance and love for the Thackeray dynasty and with a strong network at every nook and the corner of the Maharashtra, it seems that the Shiv Sena will have an upper hand in the coming elections.
Sanjeev Unhale is a former executive editor of Marathi newspaper Lokmat, Aurangabad. He will be writing on Maharashtra elections for ibnlive.
10

Nifty heading south  likely to snap four-day winning streakNifty heading south, likely to snap four-day winning streak
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 02:43 PM IST
Markets slumped in late noon trades, amid weak European cues, weighed down by profit taking in oil and financial shares along with Tata Motors which had surged in the previous session.
At 2:40PM, Sensex is trading at 26,861 down 345 points while NIfty has shed 101 points at 8,045.
The BSE Mid Cap and Small Cap indices underperformed the benchmark indices down 1.3% and 1.6%, respectively.
Asian shares were trading mixed on Tuesday as better-than-expected data from China surprised market participants. Meanwhile, financial markets in Japan were closed for a public holiday on account Autumn Equinox.
The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for China in September increased to 50.5, from 50.2 in August easing worries of a contraction.
However, European shares were trading sharply lower after data showed that both manfacturing and services in September expanded at its slowest pace this year, raising concerns that the economy in the continent continues to struggle. The CAC-40, DAX and FTSE-100 were down 0.8-1.2% each.
The rupee is trading at 60.94 compared to Monday's close of 60.82 tracking weakness in equities and sale by foreign investors in the previous session.
On the sectoral front, BSE Realty is the top loser down over 4.2%. Further, BSE Metal, Capital Goods and Oil & Gas indices are down over 2%. Bankex has lost 1.5%.
In the metal pack, Hindalco is the top loser down 2% followed by Tata Steel, Coal India and Sesa Sterlite down between 0.3-1.5% shrugging off the encouraging manufacturing data from China. The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2.
Index Heavyweight Tata Motors which gained nearly 4% as analysts remained on bullish on the stock has lost 1.5% in today’s trade. Also, M&M has dipped nearly 2% after Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "outperform" saying the company's valuations are no longer "attractive". However, Maruti Suzuki and Hero Motocorp are up nearly 1%
In the Oil & gas space, ONGC, RIL and GAIL have declined between 1-2% on uncertainty on Gas price hike.
In the financial segment, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and HDFC twins lost between 0.5-1.5%.
Commercial real estate developer DLF lost more than 4% after BNP Paribas downgraded DLF stock to "reduce" from "hold".
L&T, Cipla and Bharti Airtel are some of the notable names in red down between 1-2%.
On the flip side, shares of information technology (IT) are in demand after the S&P BSE IT index hit a record high in otherwise subdued market. Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), HCL Technologies and MindTree have hit their respective lifetime highs. Following the tandem, Wipro and Infosys have surged between 0.6-2.5%.
Fresh buying is visible in the FMCG space with ITC and HUL up 1%.
The government has withdrawn the drug pricing authority's powers that allowed it to fix the prices of medicines not deemed essential. The move comes after industry protests against the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) decision to impose price caps on more than 100 drugs. Dr Reddy’s Lab is up nearly 1% while Sun Pharma is trading flat with a positive bias.

Coal block case: Naveen Jindal hopes to get ...Naveen Jindal hopeful of justice from Supreme Court in coal block case
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 03.16PM IST
(The SC had on September 9…)
NEW DELHI: Jindal Steel and Power Ltd (JSPL) Chairman Naveen Jindal today said his company has done good work and expressed confidence it would get justice from the Supreme Court in the coal block allocation case.
"I have full faith in judiciary and I respect it. We will definitely get justice. We have done a lot of good work," Jindal told reporters here on the sidelines of a Coal Summit organised by Indian Chamber of Commerce.
The Supreme Court had on September 9 reserved its order to decide the fate of 218 coal block allocations held as illegal by it.
The Coal Ministry had allocated JSPL captive coal blocks for its end use plants like Utkal B-1 in Odisha and Jitpur in Jharkhand.
Jindal also said that there was a need to increase coal production so that 24x7 electricity can be provided to the people.
He said India has such huge reserves of coal that there is no need to import the dry fuel.
"Today a lot of foreign exchange goes on the coal we import," he added.
Replying to a question on the company's expansion plans he said, "We have already expanded and right now we are focusing on how to consolidate it".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Syndicate Bank sacks arrested chairman SK JainSyndicate Bank sacks arrested chairman SK Jain
IANS Sep 23, 2014, 03.14PM IST
Tags:
Bhushan Steel Ltd
(Jain was arrested last month…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned Syndicate Bank Tuesday terminated the services of its suspended chairman and managing director Sudhir Kumar Jain with immediate effect, a day after a court here extended his police custody till Tuesday
"Syndicate Bank has informed the Exchange that the central government (vide their letter dated 22.09.2014), in terms of Sub-Clause (1A) of Clause 8 of the Nationalised Banks (Management and Miscellaneous Provisions) Scheme, 1970/1980 has terminated the term of office of Shri Sudhir Kumar Jain as Chairman and Managing Director of the Bank with immediate effect," the bank said in a notice to the Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE ).
Jain was arrested last month by the Central Bureau of Investigation on charges of taking bribes to sanction a loan to Bhushan Steel Ltd , as also of enhancing the credit limits of some other companies in violation of procedures.
Along with the sacked bank chairman, 11 others including the CMD and directors of Bhushan Steel and Prakash Industries have been booked by the CBI under relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 and criminal conspiracy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India withdraws policy to cap nonessential pharma pricesHi Guest
India withdraws policy to cap nonessential pharma prices
India's drug pricing authority said the government has withdrawn its power to set prices of nonessential medicines, but price caps on over 100 non-essential drugs that drew the industry's ire in July will remain. The withdrawal, announced by the authority in a statement late on Monday, is on a prospective basis and so does not affect the July caps, a senior official at the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) told Reuters on Tuesday. The NPPA capped prices of 108 non-essential drugs ...

Radio City to invest up to Rs 400 cr on FM service expansionHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Radio City to invest up to Rs 400 cr on FM service expansion
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
Private FM operator Radio City plans to invest up to Rs 400 crore to double its stations to 40 after Phase III auctions later this year and renewal of current licences.
“We would be doubling after radio station to up to 40 from our present 20 stations after the Phase 3 auctions,” Radio City CEO Apurva Purohit told PTI.
On the investments for the new stations, she said: “It would take around Rs 300 crore to Rs 400 crore. This would also include licence renewals of old stations”
The leading FM radio broadcaster will spend on average Rs 20 crore per station on raising new infrastructure.
The Information and Broadcasting Ministry is planning to get over 200 more cities covered by private FM channels under the phase—III expansion for which over 800 FM channels will be auctioned across cities.
Auctions are expected to be completed by December.
“After getting delayed for almost three years, now things are moving in last 3-4 months under the regime of the new government. Lots of work is now happening on that front,” Purohit said.
She added that the ministry has also accepted the recommendations of the sectoral regulator TRAI on increasing licence period as well as the migration fee formula.
On the time that Radio City would take to raise new infrastructure, Purohit said: “If we get government support in terms of infrastructure as towers etc, then we would start in 3-5 months. If not, then it would take 9 months and above...
Earlier we took more time to raise infrastructure but now as we have experience, it would not take more than three months.”
New radio stations would break even in up to three years and recover the cost of investment as the radio FM industry is working on good margins, Purohit.
“The industry is having margins of 35 per cent and the new stations would break even and pay all debts and liability in less than three years,” she said.
Radio City is promoted by Music Broadcast Private Limited (MBPL) owned by private equity firm IVF Holdings Pvt Ltd.
It is present in 20 cities: Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Pune, Hyderabad, Lucknow, Jaipur, Vadodara, Surat, Sholapur, Nagpur, Sangli, Coimbatore, Vizag, Ahmednagar, Akola, Nanded and Jalgaon.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Youth mauled to death by white tiger at Delhi ZooShocked public looks on at gruesome scene as white tiger kills boy at Delhi Zoo
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 23 2014, 22:32  IST
Sep 23 2014, 22:32  IST
 

Lawyer: Uighur scholar in China gets life sentenceA Chinese court imposed a harsh life sentence on Ilham Tohti (Sources: AP)
Associated Press | Beijing | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:36 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 3:41 pm
An outspoken scholar who championed China’s Uighur minority was convicted of separatism on Tuesday by a Chinese court and sentenced to life in prison, the scholar’s lawyer said.
The Urumqi People’s Intermediate Court convicted Ilham Tohti after a heavily guarded two-day trial that ended last week, said lawyer Liu Xiaoyuan, who heard the news from the scholar’s family. The court didn’t answer several telephone calls on Tuesday seeking information about the trial.
Liu said the court also ordered the confiscation of all of Ilham Tohti’s possessions. In a message posted on Twitter, the lawyer said Ilham Tohti told the court he did not agree with the verdict.
Guzulnur, wife of detained Uighur scholar Ilham Tohti cries as she bids farewell to friends before leaving on a flight for Urumqi (Source: AP)
Ilham Tohti was known as a moderate voice with ties to both the country’s Han Chinese establishment and the Muslim Uighur ethnic group that has long complained about treatment under the government. A Communist Party member and professor at Beijing’s Minzu University, Ilham Tohti ran a website, Uighur Online, that highlighted issues affecting the ethnic group.
Chinese authorities detained him in January along with seven of his students.
Tensions have run high and flared into violence in the Xinjiang region where many of China’s Uighurs live. Authorities said several explosions killed two people Sunday in central Xinjiang but did not say who carried out the attack.
In May, police said, 43 people died when Uighur militants plowed two vehicles through a market street in the regional capital of Urumqi and hurled explosives.
Chinese authorities have announced that Uighur scholar Ilham Tohti will stand trial on separatism charges at a court in the regional capital Urumqi. (Source: AP)
William Nee, a Hong Kong-based researcher with the human rights group Amnesty International, said on Tuesday’s conviction shows the Chinese government is cracking down on any criticism of its Uighur policies in Xinjiang. After the recent violence, authorities have prohibited people in the region from having beards or wearing veils, and locals say many have been detained for speaking out about the situation there.
“It’ll send a strong signal to (Uighur scholars) there’s not much to be gained to take some risks and personal initiative to bridge the gap between what obviously people on the ground are feeling, severe discontent with the way things are going, and explaining them to Han policymakers,” Nee said.
Ilham Tohti’s 20-year-old daughter, Jewher Ilham, said today from Indiana, where she’s studying, that continued…

GDP growth of 8% possible in next 2-3 years: P Chidambaram  ex-Finance Ministereconomy
("I remain very confident…)
NEW DELHI: Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said India can achieve 8 per cent growth in the next 2-3 years by following the path of fiscal prudence.
"I remain very confident despite change in government, that if we remain firmly on the path we will get back to 8 per cent growth in about 2-3 years," he said at an event here.
The Indian economy grew by 4.9 per cent in 2013-14 fiscal. However, in the April-June quarter, the growth picked up to 5.7 per cent.
Chidambaram said if the government continues to remain on the path of fiscal prudence, promotes savings and investments, and be more diligent in implementing projects, it would be possible to get back to 8 per cent growth.
Indian economy was growing at over 9 per cent before it was impacted by the global financial crisis of 2008.
"Financial sector reform is also very much required for achieving 8 per cent growth. FSLRC (Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission) has made far reaching recommendations, some are legislative, some are non-legislative in nature. Non-legislative recommendation should be carried out over a period of next 2-3 years," he said.
Chidambaram said it is possible to finance 8 per cent growth by domestic savings and some foreign direct investment.
"Anything more than 8 per cent is bound to become inflationary which will exacerbate fiscal deficit. We have to borrow more and there are consequences of borrowing more and enlarging the fiscal deficit and current account deficit," he added.
Chidambaram further said that the key to controlling inflation is to contain fiscal deficit. Government aims to bring down fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent in the current fiscal from 4.5 per cent in 2013-14.
He said 8 per cent growth would help create employment for 10 million people.
Appreciating Narendra Modi government's decision to abolish Planning Commission, Chidambaram said the body has outlived its utility.
"I believe that the right decision was to end the Planning Commission and what should be in place is only a much smaller, not more than 100 people in the new body," he said, adding only those people should be inducted who can do prospective planning, and lay out the future roadmap and finally leave it to the Ministry.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Provide status on list of Prisoners of Wars  efforts made for their release from Pakistani jails: SC to Centre1
1
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the Centre to inform it about the current status of list of Indian Prisoners of War (POWs) languishing in Pakistani jails for 43 years and efforts made for their release.
The apex court asked the Ministry of External Affairs to file a fresh affidavit within six weeks indicating current status of the list prepared by government in 1985 admitting that 54 Indian defence personnel were held as POWs in Pakistan during the 1971 war.
A Bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha said "29 years is a long time" since the list of 54 POWs was prepared and it has to be determined what is their status as some of them may not be alive. It said in the fresh affidavit, the Centre will inform the court about the development undertaken by it since February 17, 2010 as there is no other material after that to indicate the steps taken on the matter.
The apex court has given six weeks time to the Centre to reply.
#supreme court #centre #prisoners of war #pakistani jails
"State has to take a responsive stand. It is the matter of its army and airforce personnel," the bench, also comprising justices Kurian Joseph and R F Nariman, said while adding that "government has different means to estimate how many of them are in Pakistani jails".
"It has different agencies. It has different sources that you can't even conceive. It does not persuade me to believe that 54 PoW are there after 43 years. Many of them may have died," the bench said after taking note of the submission that Pakistan has been claiming that there was not a single Indian POW in its jails.
The apex court, which noted the Centre's stand that it was not a matter to be referred to the International Court of Justice, said to deal with this critical, grave and sensitive aspect, a positive attitude was required and authorities
concerned should explore all possible ways to address the issue with Pakistan as the matter rerquires "very little court interference".
"How do you want to take forward the issue of POWs who are in the custody of the neigbouring nation for 40 years. 40 years is pretty long. How do you want to resolve the problem. Once you are relying on the clause that ICJ has no jurisdiction, how do you intend to tackle this huge problem," the bench asked senior advocate K Radhakrishnan who was appearing for the Centre.
"Why don't you make an attempt with Pakistan. First find out who is alive. How many are there. Some may have died. Why do you foresee that Pakistan will not agree on the issue? Why don't you give a try?
"It is a critical, grave and sensitive matter and all options must be explored and you may succeed also. Why should their be a negative thought and resistance on your part. If they don't agree, no problem. Sometime you succeed and sometime You fail. Life is like a roller coaster. The question is you are doubting and you are apprehensive that the other side will not accept," the bench observed.
It also referred to the case of Pakistan raising in ICJ the issue of downing of its aircraft in 1999 by Indian forces despite New Delhi's objection which was upheld by the international tribunal. The apex court was dealing with three petitions raising the issue of POWs, brutality meted out to Saurav Kalia during Kargil War and beheading and mutilation of bodies of two Indian soldiers in 2013 by Pakistani army for direction to Union government to move the International Court of Justice.
The focus of hearing was on the issue of POWs and government said it cannot refer these cases to the International Court of Justice as India is governed by a bilateral agreement with Pakistan based on the 1972 Simla agreement.
The bench said under such circumstances, the role of the court to intervene becomes minimal as question arises, "Is Shimla Agreement amenable to judicial review." The apex court said the issue can be taken up in the Pakistan Supreme Court as it was taken here by Prof Bhim Singh about the languishing of Pakistani prisoners in Indian jails.
On the issue of POWs, the apex court in 2012 had stayed a Gujarat High Court order directing the Union government to move the ICJ on Pakistan illegally detaining 54 Indian Army men in breach of an agreement between the two countries after the 1971 war to exchange all prisoners of war.
0

Video: Tiger mauls youth inside Delhi zooIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

RBI panel suggest need-based transfers at banksRBI panel suggest need-based transfers at banks
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
Reserve Bank’s committee on capacity building has suggested that banks must avoid transfer for the sake of norms and make them need based as per leadership requirement.
“Job rotation in banks, especially PSBs, should not be done in a mechanical manner but through a well laid down criteria.
“Transfers should focus on critical requirement like leadership across the geography and posts that require high concentration of power..., need-based transfers may be undertaken,” said the Committee on ‘Capacity Building in Banks and Non Banks’
Banks must avoid transfer for the sake of preset norms, it added.
The 10-member committee is chaired by RBI’s former Executive Director G Gopalakrishna.
It said banks should allow specialisation up to level III or IV so that demands of contemporary banking needs are met.
Among others, the report has recommended creating a position of Chief Learning Officer in banks for leadership development, knowledge dissemination and sharing.
The report has also recommended six-steps strategy for skill development; coaching or mentoring process for entry-level employees; top management training and supervisory focus on human resource management in banks.
Further, the report has suggested a common Banking Aptitude Test at a national level for entry level employees.
“The BAT score can be designed to provide an insight into the candidate’s aptitude for banking; it is a necessary but not sufficient condition for selection as a bank employee. All banks can subscribe to and participate in the design and adoption of BAT as their common basic filter for recruitment.”
It also said a centre of excellence (CoE) for leadership development may be created either as an independent institute or under the aegis of Centre for Advanced Financial Research and Learning (CAFRAL).
The report also said CAFRAL can administer the mentoring programme for CMD/CEOs of banks.
“It can create a pool of select, top notch, highly regarded mentors who can be invited to conduct the mentoring programs for CMD/CEOs of banks.”
To address the issue of replacement of talent in banks, it has recommended that an expert pool be created internally as well as free movement of talent within organisation.
“One of the major bottlenecks banks face is in terms of finding suitable replacement of talent that is necessitated on account of attrition, retirement... Special recruitment based on job roles and competency could also be considered,” it said.
The committee has asked for suggestions or comments on the evolving framework to operationalise the recommendations on or before October 31, 2014.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Magna Intl  Tata Autocomp ink pact to develop seats for commercial vehiclesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Magna Intl, Tata Autocomp ink pact to develop seats for commercial vehicles
Rajesh Kurup
Tweet
Detroit (Michigan), Sept 23:  
Auto components manufacturer Magna International and Tata AutoComp Systems have signed an agreement to jointly develop seats for commercial vehicles in India.
The 50:50 joint venture will focus on developing seating systems for commercial vehicle manufacturers and buses, Magna International Chief Technology Officer Swamy Kotagiri told visiting presspersons here.
The joint venture company will be headquartered in Pune. Kotagiri, however, did not disclose the financial details of the agreement.
Separately, the company has also won an order from Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) to develop ladder frames for a new Sports Utility Vehicle (SUV). He, however, declined to provide further details on the order.
(This correspondent was in Detroit to cover the Battery Show at the invitation of a number of auto companies.)
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Telangana govt awards EPC contracts to BHELBHEL set to bag EPC contracts from Telangana govt
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 23:  
BHEL is set to bag the mandate to develop 800 mw Kothagudem and 1080 mw Manuguru thermal power contracts from the Telangana Government.
This follows a meeting between the State Chief Minister K. Chandrashekar Rao and B.P.Rao, Chairman and Managing Director, BHEL.
BHEL will get the mandate for both these projects to serve as an EPC contractor. Formal memorandums would be inked later.
B.P. Rao met the Chief Minister along with Atul Sobti, Director Power and other BHEL executives at Secretariat.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister directed Chairman and Managing Director of Telangana State Genco, D. Prabhakar Rao, to ensure generation of 6000 MW in the next three years to make the Telangana State Power surplus.
The CMD of BHEL assured the Chief Minister to execute the projects of 1080 MW (4x270) within the next twenty four months and the other project within the next three years.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Venus Remedies eyes Rs 1000 crore turnover by FY18Venus Remedies eyes Rs 1000 crore turnover by FY18
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 03:22 PM IST
Pharma firm Venus Remedies Ltd has targeted a turnover of Rs 1000 crore by FY18, even as it eyes partners in Europe and the US for out licensing some of its drugs.
"We are looking at double digit growth and target turnover of Rs 1,000 crore following several new drug launches and increased marketing efforts. The company has registered a turnover of Rs 525 crore in FY14," Venus Remedies Chairman and Managing Director Pawan Chaudhary told PTI here.
The company has invested around Rs 500 crore in R&D over the last 10 years and received 100 plus patents, 70 trademarks, 9 copyrights and 120 research publications in peer reviewed journals for its R&D based products across the globe, Chaudhary said adding the investment in R&D will continue.
The company has 25 innovative products in pipeline and commercialised 15 products in domestic and international markets, he said, adding Venus has presence in 40 markets globally.
Following the GMP certification by European and other regulated markets for its manufacturing plants, the company has been able to make international tie-ups for its research products with some of the best pharmaceutical companies of the world, he said said.
"The company is negotiating with overseas partners for out licensing some block buster products. The company is looking at partners who can invest in research and marketing," Chaudhary said.
In the past one year alone, Venus has extended its footprint across the globe by way of marketing authorisations, strategic tie-ups and patent grants. Having a presence in 60 countries, Venus has received more than 65 marketing authorisations from regulated markets across the globe.
The company has already signed an MoU with South African pharmaceutical firm Austell Laboratories to exclusively out licence its flagship antibiotic research product, Elores, in South Africa. Earlier, the product was out licensed to Goodwill Pharma, a South Korean company.

Sensex falls 431 points  Nifty ends below 8 100Market update: Sensex, Nifty log biggest single-day fall in over two months
BT Online Bureau     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 17:10 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
In their worst single-day fall in over two months, the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Tuesday tumbled 431 points and Nifty tanked 129 points on massive selling by foreign funds and retail investors in bluechips amid weak global cues.
The 30-share BSE Sensex after remaining range-bound at start, dipped below the 27,000-mark as blue-chip stocks lost ground.
Selling intensified largely in tandem with a weak trend in the global markets and it finally settled 431.05 points, or 1.58 per cent, lower to close at 26,775.69. This is its worst drop since July 8 when Sensex had plummeted 517.97 points.
On similar lines, the broader 50-issue National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty dropped 128.75 points, or 1.58 per cent, to close below 8,100 mark at 8,017.55 after moving between 8,159.75 and 8,008.10 intra-day. Tueasday's drop is also Nifty's worst show since July 8 when it lost 163.95 points.
Besides, caution ahead of monthly expiry in the derivatives segment on Thursday saw participants reducing their positions, traders said.
All the sectoral indices led by realty, oil and gas and metal ended in the negative zone with strong profit-taking seen in recent outperforming sectors including banking, healthcare, capital goods, auto and IT stocks.
Selling was heavier in small-cap and mid-cap stocks with their indices falling up to 2.48 per cent, after posting handsome gains in Monday's session.
"Markets fell sharply on the back of profit booking and negative global cues. The selling pressure gained momentum after data released on Eurozone economic activity indicated continuing weakness in the region," said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President of Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Stocks like Cipla, Tata Motors, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Tata Power were major laggards today. TCS, Sun Pharma, SBI, RIL, ONGC, Mahindra and Mahindra, L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Coal India (CIL) fell sharply. Bucking the trend, stocks of Hindustan Unilever, ITC, Maruti Suzuki and NTPC gained.
Sectorally, the BSE Realty sector index suffered the most by losing 4.91 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas down 2.58 per cent, Capital Goods 2.40 per cent and Metal 2.33 per cent, among others.
Globally, major markets in Asia ended down and European markets were weak in their opening trades. A survey in China showed factory employment slumped to a five-and-a-half-year low, which also unnerved investors.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 186.41 crore on Monday.

My relations with PM too sacred  emotional: RajnathPrint
Union Home Minster Singh sought to put speculation at rest that there was anything wrong between him and Modi. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 4:47 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 5:07 pm
Brushing aside reports of differences with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh has said his relations with Modi was “too sacred, emotional and deep” and that he would ensure it is never spoilt even if he is “personally harmed”.
The Home Minister also made it clear that Modi’s primacy in the Union Cabinet was “very natural and not imposed”.
“Let me tell you that in the past one-and-a-half years, our relationship has grown quite deep…. Those who are speculating about our relationship are totally unaware of its
depth.
“It is too sacred, emotional and deep to let anything spoil it. I will not let this happen even if I am personally harmed. You see, in my public life, credibility is the only capital I have earned. And I am determined not to fritter it away and lead the life of an animal (pashuvat jeevan jeena sweekar nahin),” the Home Minister was quoted as saying in the latest issue of ‘Governance Now’.
Singh was responding to questions about his equation with Modi especially in view of the much-talked relations in the past between former Prime Ministers Jawaharlal Nehru and Atal Bihari Vajpayee with Sardar Patel and L K Advani respectively.
Singh, a former BJP President, sought to put speculation at rest that there was anything wrong between him and Modi.
“If I have established a deep personal and emotional bond with a certain individual, I cannot think of harming him or her in any way. I cannot commit the sin of harming someone close to me simply because I have developed some differences with that person. This is not my politics.”
Singh also appeared to admit that there may be some people nursing grievances against him “over some confusion” in the past.
“I am open to talking to them and resolving the issues. You must have noted consistency in my conduct even when I faced friends-turned-foes in Uttar Pradesh. I have never used any derogatory description for even the worst of my adversaries and never harmed them,” he said.

Indian-origin man sentenced to death for drugtraffickingPrint
Press Trust of India | Singapore | Posted: September 23, 2014 4:34 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 4:35 pm
A 27-year-old Indian-origin man has been sentenced to death by a court here for trying to smuggle diamorphine, a pure form of heroin, into Singapore, media reports said on Tuesday.
Prabagaran a/l Srivijayan, a Malaysian national, was arrested in April 2012 at the woodlands Checkpoint with 2 bundles of diamorphine weighing 22.24g.
The drug was wrapped in black masking tape hidden in the  armrest console of the car he was driving into the country from the southern Malaysian city of Johor Bahru.
Prabagaran had said he was unaware the two bundles were in his car and claimed trial on the charges of drug trafficking.
Trafficking more than 15g of heroin into Singapore carries the death penalty.
He was convicted in the High Court on July 22, reported Today newspaper.
Court documents said Prabagaran had borrowed the car from a friend to enter Singapore on that day because he could not use his motorcycle.
He had been behind in paying his monthly instalment and he was afraid that the motorcycle would be repossessed in Malaysia.
Prabagaran, who worked as a shop assistant at a petrol pump station in Malaysia, had come into Singapore that day in order to return his work permit and gate pass to a former employer here.
During the trial, the prosecution had argued that Prabagaran was an untruthful witness and that his testimony was “unconvincing, riddled with inconsistencies and cannot be believed”.
“If the accused (Prabagaran) had truly intended to return his work permit and the gate pass to his former employer, he has not offered any satisfactory explanation why he had to do so several hours before his work shift began,” argued the prosecution.
Prabagaran’s lawyer N Kanagavijayan told the court that his client would be filing an appeal against the conviction.

HTC unveils Desire 820  820q and 816G phones inIndiaDual nanoSIM (USIM + USIM)
Dual nanoSIM (USIM + USIM)
On the connectivity front, The Desire 820 smartphones with 3G, 4G LTE, Bluetooth 4.0, WiFi and DLNA. The phones measure 15.77 x.7.87 x 0.77 cm and weighs 155 grams.
The Desire 820 comes in two variants- a 64-bit Snapdragon 615 octa-core CPU version and the Desire 820q version which comes with a 64-bit quad-core Snapdragon 410 processor.
On the other hand, the Desire 816G comes with a 5.5-inch 720p display and runs on a 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek processor with 1 GB DDR 3 RAM. Running Android 4.4 KitKat, the device comes with 8 GB internal storage which can expanded up to 32 GB.
Desire 816G is the dual-SIM version of the Desire 816 smartphone and is priced at Rs. 18,990.
Powered by a 2600 mAh battery, the device comes with a 13 MP f2.2, 28mm rear camera with BSI sensor and a 5MP front camera. Both the cameras can record 1080p videos. It also comes with dual front stereo speakers and features HTC BoomSound.
On the connectivity front, it has Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi and sports dual nanoSIM card slots. It is priced at Rs. 18,990.

8% GDP growth possible in next 2-3 years: PChidambaramPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 4:14 pm
Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said India can achieve 8 per cent growth in the next 2-3 years by following the path of fiscal prudence and then proceeded to take a dig at the Narendra Modi govt.
“I remain very confident, despite change in government, that if we remain firmly on the path we will get back to 8 per cent growth in about 2-3 years,” he said at an event here.
The Indian economy grew by 4.9 per cent in 2013-14 fiscal. However, in the April-June quarter, the growth picked up to 5.7 per cent.
Chidambaram said if the government continues to remain on the path of fiscal prudence, promotes savings and investments, and be more diligent in implementing projects, it would be possible to get back to 8 per cent growth.
Indian economy was growing at over 9 per cent before it was impacted by the global financial crisis of 2008.
“Financial sector reform is also very much required for achieving 8 per cent growth. FSLRC (Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission) has made far reaching recommendations, some are legislative, some are non-legislative in nature. Non-legislative recommendation should be carried out over a period of next 2-3 years,” he said.
Chidambaram said it is possible to finance 8 per cent growth by domestic savings and some foreign direct investment.
“Anything more than 8 per cent is bound to become inflationary which will exacerbate fiscal deficit. We have to borrow more and there are consequences of borrowing more and enlarging the fiscal deficit and current account deficit,” he added.
Chidambaram further said that the key to controlling inflation is to contain fiscal deficit. Government aims to bring down fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent in the current fiscal from 4.5 per cent in 2013-14.
He said 8 per cent growth would help create employment for 10 million people.
Appreciating Narendra Modi government’s decision to abolish Planning Commission, Chidambaram said the body has outlived its utility.
“I believe that the right decision was to end the Planning Commission and what should be in place is only a much smaller, not more than 100 people in the new body,” he said, adding only those people should be inducted who can do prospective planning, and lay out the future roadmap and finally leave it to the Ministry.
 

Euro zone growth slows as Chinese factories ...Euro zone growth slows as Chinese factories trundle on
By Reuters | 23 Sep, 2014, 04.17PM IST
0
Share More
In China, signs of a weakening labour market reinforced expectations that authorities in Beijing would further relax financing conditions in coming weeks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON/BEIJING: Euro zone business growth dipped to a 2014 low in September as firms again cut prices, while factory activity in China picked up only slightly, surveys showed, keeping the spotlight on policymakers' plans for economic stimulus.
The data seems sure to dishearten the European Central Bank, struggling to spur growth and revive disconcertingly low inflation and whose head Mario Draghi again raised prospects on Monday of using extra unconventional measures if needed.
In China, signs of a weakening labour market reinforced expectations that authorities in Beijing would further relax financing conditions in coming weeks.
"The Chinese number beat expectations but it's not really going anywhere," said Peter Dixon, senior economist at Commerzbank. "It's indicative of an economy that doesn't have a lot of momentum behind it. It's doing okay but we would be looking for a bit more strength."
The HSBC/Markit Flash China PMI rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2. Economists polled by Reuters had expected factory growth to stall at 50.0, citing deteriorating business confidence and the growing drag from the cooling property market.
Markit's Eurozone Composite Flash Purchasing Managers' Index, based on surveys of thousands of companies across the region and seen as a good indicator of growth, dipped to a nine-month low of 52.3, shy of expectations in a Reuters poll for no change from August's 52.5.
INFLATION OUTLOOK POOR
The index has been above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction since July 2013.
But Markit said the latest survey pointed to third-quarter economic growth of just 0.3 per cent - not enough to generate strong inflation.
"This survey does nothing to alter the picture of a struggling euro zone economy, intensifying the pressure on governments and the ECB to provide more policy support," said Jennifer McKeown, senior economist at Capital Economics.
Growth ground to a halt in the bloc in the last quarter as Germany's economy shrank and France's stagnated, and the ECB surprised markets earlier this month by cutting benchmark lending and deposit rates further and said it would buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds.
Notwithstanding Draghi's remarks on Monday, no more changes to policy are expected when the Governing Council meets next week.
Consumer inflation in the 18 countries sharing the euro rose to just 0.4 per cent year-on-year in August, slightly higher than July's 0.3 per cent but staying so far below the ECB's 2 per cent target ceiling that it was not enough to radically alter the outlook.
According to the PMIs, firms cut prices again this month - although not as steeply as they did in August. The composite output price index rose to 49.2 from 48.9 but has now been below the 50-mark for a full 2-1/2 years and the discounting may still not be paying off.
The manufacturing PMI for Germany, Europe's largest economy, slumped to 50.3, its lowest reading since June 2013 and below all forecasts in a Reuters poll of 32 economists. Its services PMI however blew out the top end of forecasts.
A service industry PMI for France, the bloc's second-biggest economy, sank to 49.4 after just two months in growth territory.
"The German economy is still ticking along at a reasonable rate of growth but it's by no means impressive. The overall picture for France when you put this all together is another quarter of stagnation at best," Chris Williamson, Markit's chief economist said.
JOB LOSS
Shares were on course for a third day of losses on Tuesday after the downbeat European data, though the Chinese factory survey gave commodities a break from recent selling.
"We still expect some more measures (from Beijing authorities) to support growth, such as stimulating infrastructure investment, relaxing property market policies and some more monetary easing steps," said Louis Kuijs, an economist at RBS in Hong Kong.
Bets against overt policy easing are in line with remarks by senior leaders including Finance Minister Lou Jiwei, who said over the weekend that China would not dramatically alter its policy based on any one indicator.
But the government's promises to desist from ramping up credit supply are increasingly being tested by a run of data showing that the world's second-biggest economy is sliding into a deeper slowdown.
Tuesday's PMI showed a measure of employment shed more than a point to drop to 46.9, its lowest since February 2009 during the global financial crisis, when a collapse in exports threw tens of millions of Chinese out of work.
A hefty drop in employment could raise alarm bells for the government, which has indicated it will tolerate slower economic growth below 7.5 per cent for the year as long as employment is not affected.
"The reading is still weak and we believe that the economy has shifted towards 7 per cent year-on-year growth," Credit Agricole economists said in a note to clients.

This Is The  Hottest Alleged Thief On The Planet   ApparentlyStéphanie Beaudoin Is The 'Hottest Alleged Thief On The Planet', Says The Internet
Huffington Post UK
reddit
Move over Jeremy Meeks – there’s a new hottie on the block.
Stéphanie Beaudoin is alleged to have committed 42 break-ins over the course of the summer, the Journal de Montreal reports.
And after a series of alluring photographs of her appeared online, Buzzfeed has dubbed her the “hottest alleged thief on the planet”.
Stéphanie Beaudoin has been dubbed the 'hottest alleged thief on the planet'
Some of the counts against her are gun charges, the Sûreté du Québec told HuffPost.
Beaudoin is now facing a total of 114 charges
The nursing student is alleged to have carried out the break-ins alongside three teenage accomplices, entering empty homes through back doors or basement windows in the Arthabaska and L’Erable areas.
La Nouvelle Union newspaper reports Beaudoin is due back in court on 17 November.
Beaudoin is not the first alleged criminal to receive attention for her looks.
Earlier this year convicted felon Jeremy Meeks saw his mug shot go viral.
And before that Florida woman Meagan Simmons became an online sensation when her mug shot went public following her arrest for reckless driving.
Convicted felon Jeremy Meeks caused a stir when this mug shot surfaced online
Meagan Simmons' mug shot inspired a series of memes like this one
Close

China may have just created the Muslim MandelaIlham Tohti was sentenced to life in prison at age 44. (AP Photo/Andy Wong)
SHARE
Heather Timmons @HeathaT
September 23, 2014
Ilham Tohti, a prominent scholar who is a member of the Uighur minority community in China’s northwest, was sentenced to life in prison today for “separatism”—the toughest sentence handed to any dissident in China in recent memory. Tohti spent most of his career encouraging better communication between the Han Chinese that make up 90% of China, and the Uighurs, a group of about 10 million who speak a Turkic language and are predominantly Muslim:
Tap image to zoom
(Joshuaproject.org)
The ruling is part of a systematic crackdown on even moderate voices from China’s Uighur community , which was first sparked by 2009 protests in the area that led to violent clashes and attacks on Han Chinese. The pressure on Uighurs has only intensified after a series of terrorist incidents in recent months. Beijing has established curfews in the northwest and  banned Ramadan for many Uighurs, and is offering cash to Uighurs who marry Han Chinese in an attempt to promote integration.
The unexpectedly harsh sentence quickly drew national and international condemnation—Amnesty International called it “ shameful ” and Human Rights Watch “shocking.” Wang Lixiong, a Beijing writer, declared today the day that “the Chinese authorities created the Uighur Nelson Mandela,” a nod to Tohti’s prominence and reputation for supporting peaceful dialogue.
Most of the charges against Tohti relate to “Uighur Online,” a website he started in 2006 to promote better understanding between Han Chinese and Uighurs. It featured articles in the two languages about customs and values—which the Chinese authorities decided were a means for Tohti to have “bewitched and coerced young ethnic students to work for the website,” according to a state media report  on the ruling.
The website was shut in 2008 by the Chinese government, and information written by and for Uighurs has been systematically scrubbed from the Chinese internet in recent years. Millions of posts and webpages in the Uighur language were taken down after the 2009 protests, in what has been described as a “ massive digital book burning ” that has been catastrophic for preserving the Uighur tongue and culture.
Prior to Tohti’s sentencing, the US embassy said his arrest “silenced an important Uighur voice that peacefully promoted harmony and understanding among China’s ethnic groups, particularly Uighurs. We stress the importance of Chinese authorities differentiating between peaceful dissent and violent extremism.”
Share this:

Martian orbit on Indian spacecraft s radar WednesdayMartian orbit on Indian spacecraft s radar Wednesday
Google India launches new campaign to help women get onlineGoogle India launches new campaign to help women get online
Manappuram Finance: Outcome of board meetingManappuram Finance: Outcome of board meeting
India can achieve 8% growth in the next 2-3 years: P ChidambaramIndia can achieve 8% growth in the next 2-3 years: P Chidambaram
Disband the Planning Commission  focus on states insteadDisband the Planning Commission  focus on states instead
China regulator says iPhone 6 in final review stageschina regulator says iphone 6 in final review stages
PTL Enterprises: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 23, 2014, 04.58 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
PTL Enterprises: Updates on outcome of AGM
PTL Enterprises has submitted a copy of proceedings of 53rd Annual General Meeting of the members of the Company was held on September 22, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PTL Enterprises: Updates on outcome of AGM
PTL Enterprises has submitted a copy of proceedings of 53rd Annual General Meeting of the members of the Company was held on September 22, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
PTL Enterprises Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of proceedings of 53rd Annual General Meeting of the members of the Company was held on September 22, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Omnitech InfoSolutions: Extension of time for holding AGMSep 23, 2014, 04.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Omnitech InfoSolutions: Extension of time for holding AGM
Omnitech InfoSolutions has informed that the Company had filed an application to Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, seeking Extension of time for holding its Annual General Meeting. The Company has received a letter dated September 18, 2014 from Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, granting extension of time to hold AGM up to December 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Omnitech InfoSolutions: Extension of time for holding AGM
Omnitech InfoSolutions has informed that the Company had filed an application to Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, seeking Extension of time for holding its Annual General Meeting. The Company has received a letter dated September 18, 2014 from Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, granting extension of time to hold AGM up to December 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Omnitech InfoSolutions Ltd has informed BSE that the Company had filed an application to Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, seeking Extension of time for holding its Annual General Meeting. The Company has received a letter dated September 18, 2014 from Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, granting extension of time to hold AGM up to December 30, 2014.Source : BSE

Ennore Coke: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 23, 2014, 04.56 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ennore Coke: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Ennore Coke has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 12th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 22, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ennore Coke: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Ennore Coke has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 12th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 22, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Ennore Coke Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 12th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 22, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Is 2014 deadliest year in aviation Not even closeIs 2014 the deadliest year for flights? Not even close
updated 10:50 AM ET, Mon, July 28
By Casey Tolan, Thom Patterson and Alicia Johnson, CNN
(CNN) -- One week, three airline crashes.
In Ukraine, the shootdown of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 on July 17 killed all 298 aboard. Wednesday's crash of TransAsia Airways Flight 222 killed 48 in Taiwan, and on Thursday, Air Algerie Flight 5017 crashed in Mali, leaving at least 116 dead.
Then there's the unexplained loss of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, with 239 aboard, in March.
Different circumstances surround the crashes, but when more than 700 airline passengers and flight crew lose their lives in the span of 138 days, some travelers might be concerned about the global aviation safety net.
They may wonder if, statistically, the skies are getting more dangerous. They may ask themselves whether 2014 is trending toward one of the deadliest years in aviation history. Experts say no, don't be nervous. Just look carefully at the big picture.
Commercial aviation deaths per year, worldwide
The world has been enjoying the safest-ever overall period in aviation history, according to the aviation safety number crunchers. As shown in the chart above, the numbers of yearly aviation deaths and major plane crashes worldwide have been dropping for decades.
Last year, 265 people were killed in flight incidents -- the safest year in aviation since 1945.
This year, the worldwide number of aviation deaths has more than doubled, but it's still relatively low. There have been 761 deaths in 12 commercial aviation accidents in 2014, according to the Aviation Safety Network , one of several organizations that tracks these statistics. Its data — spanning 1946 to the present — include hijackings, sabotage and shootdowns.
With the exception of the 9/11 attacks, it's hard to know whether the loss of three airliners in seven days is unprecedented, said Rudy Quevedo, global program director of Washington's Flight Safety Foundation. Crunching those numbers would “take us some doing and would be very labor-intensive,” he said. “It is a rare event.”
The U.S. hasn't seen a large airliner crash with major loss of life since 2001, when American Airlines Flight 587 slammed into the Queens neighborhood of Belle Harbor, New York, killing 265.
More recently, 49 died in 2006 in the takeoff crash of a regional jet: Comair Flight 5191 in Lexington, Kentucky. In Buffalo, New York, 50 died in another regional plane crash, Colgan Air Flight 3407, in 2009.
Last year's crash landing in San Francisco of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 — a Boeing 777 — resulted in three deaths.
Global commercial crashes since 1946
Clearly, the bigger the airplane, the more lives can be lost. In 1972, the worst year on record, there were 55 crashes. The Russian crash of Aeroflot Flight 217 killed 174 people, and 155 were killed in the Spanish crash of a Convair 990 Coronado.
In recent years, the data show, we're having fewer fatal accidents overall, said Quevedo. “It's a perfectly safe system. So while it's an unfortunate tragedy to have these recent three crashes together, it doesn't shock me, because you could go two or three years in a row without having one. It all equals out in the end.”
Measuring the number of crashes or deaths alone doesn't offer an accurate safety snapshot, Quevedo said. You also have to factor in the overall amount of aviation traffic.
Annual worldwide commercial departures
To do that, aviation industry trackers monitor total worldwide airport departures by all commercial aircraft. Then they divide the number of annual accidents by that number of departures. The result is called the aviation accident rate.
Last year, the rate was 0.24 out of 1 million departures. That means less than one accident for every 1 million flights.
“That number proves that the chances of being in a fatal aircraft accident are extremely rare,” Quevedo said.
Andrew Charlton, managing director of Aviation Advocacy, a Swiss strategic consulting firm, put it differently: "The single most dangerous part about flying is driving to the airport.”
Revenue passenger kilometers: 1945-2012
The chart above shows how passenger traffic has skyrocketed since 1946. An industry stat called revenue passenger kilometers measures the number of paying airline passengers and how far they fly. A passenger who flies one kilometer equals one RPK.
In the 1940s there are so few RPKs that they barely show up on the chart. By 2012, global RPKs hit 5.4 trillion, an increase of nearly 5% over 2011.
Ten worst years for crashes / deaths
Let's get some perspective on the dramatic shift toward safety the world has seen in yearly aviation deaths.
As the chart above shows, it was common for worldwide aviation accidents to top 1,000 deaths a year.
The worst crash year on record — 1972 — also had the most deaths: 2,429.
The deadliest aviation accident in history didn't even occur in any of the top 10 years. In 1977, two Boeing 747s collided on a runway on the Spanish island of Tenerife, killing 583.
Compare that with the best years on record in the graphic below.
Ten years with fewest crashes / deaths
The safest years since 1946 have 11 to 21 accidents per year and 224 to 627 annual deaths.
Is that the best we can expect from the global aviation safety net?
“I don't believe it's attainable to have absolutely zero accidents,” Quevedo said. “But there's always work to do in safety. We can always improve.”
Experts attribute the impressive recent safety record to improved technology, better communication and smarter procedures and management systems.
Flight deck alarms alert pilots of oncoming traffic or that their planes are approaching the ground. The technology has “saved more lives than we'll ever know,” Quevedo said.
It's difficult to factor in disasters like Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, Quevedo said, because so little is known about the safety-related decisions surrounding it, and obviously, commercial aircraft are not designed to fend off missile attacks.
Overall, the global safety system “is quite stable,” Quevedo said, and a string of three crashes within a week doesn't indicate otherwise.
“The glory of the air transport industry,” Charlton said, “is that when something goes wrong, we work incredibly hard to work out what went wrong and make sure it doesn't happen again.”
CNN's Lizzie Jury contributed to this report.

Should the Allocation for Retail Investors be Increased in IPOsshould the allocation for retail investors be increased in ipos
Chicago Venture Summit announces final 15 participantsThinkCerca, an online literacy program aligned with Common Core State Standards that gives tools to teachers to help their students think critically.
UICO, the manufacturer of touchscreens and smart-surface products for use in automotive, appliance, industrial and other markets.
Zipnosis, a Minneapolis company offering round-the-clock online diagnosis service for common medical conditions.
Zipscene, a Cincinnati-based data-driven marketing platform for chain restaurants.
Organizer ChicagoNext earlier announced that other presenters would include Keeper Security, RocketMiles.com, Geofeedia, TrackIf and Ahalogy. Others include parking-spot finders ParkWhiz and SpotHero, online refractive eye exam provider Opternative, Snapsheet and ViaForensics. Chicago financial data startup YCharts, Cincinnati-based mobile content creator Lisnr and Chicago companies SIM Partners, eSpark Learning and Pervasive Health round out the list.
Guest speakers include controversial Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel, Cisco chief technology officer Padmasree Warrior and former AOL executive Ted Leonsis.
The summit will take place at Venue Six10 on South Michigan Avenue.

Petition Demanding Referendum Be Re-Held Because It Was  Rigged  Reaches 70 000Scottish Independence Petition Demanding Referendum Be Re-Held Because It Was Rigged Reaches 70,000
The Huffington Post UK  | By Charlotte Meredith
Despite more than two million people voting to keep Scotland a part of the United Kingdom yesterday and acceptance from Alex Salmond that the outcome of the vote was the "the democratic verdict of the people of Scotland", a petition saying the outcome of the referendum vote was rigged has garnered more than 70,000 supporters .
It may have been the largest turnout in UK history with a majority vote of ‘No’, but thousands are demanding a revote because of "strange occurrences", that have already been dismissed as examples of vote rigging.
The petition states:
Countless evidences of fraud during the recent Scottish Referendum have come to light, including two counts of votes being moved in bulk into a No pile, Yes votes clearly being seen in no piles and strange occurences [sic] with dual fire alarms and clear cut fraud in Glasgow. We demand a revote be taken of said referendum, where each vote shall be counted by two individuals, one of whom should be an international impartial party without a stake in the vote.
The allegations of votes being miscounted refers to this video that nationalists have said "proves" the referendum was rigged:
— Toneball Squarepants (@Tone_berg) September 19, 2014
But the conspiracy theory has been promptly dismissed by Yes Dundee who said it was nothing to worry about…
“ @SkyNews : Many of you have spotted 'Yes' ballot papers on a 'No' table in Dundee. #indyref pic.twitter.com/XXbIiofKcJ ” awfa rigged
— Fraser Hay (@foools_gold) September 19, 2014
It comes after Scottish nationalists were told to "get a grip" yesterday after angry pro-indy supporters vented their frustrations on social media after the result was announced.
The angry reaction is somewhat unsurprising given the hostile nature of the debate from both the nationalist and unionist camps in the final days of the divisive campaign.
Rigged. Fixed. Bribes and power. Brace yourself Scotland. We're going to be raped for years to come.
— Euan Reid (@johnlennon___) September 19, 2014
Would be no surprise if it was rigged. #indyref
— danny griffiths (@dannyjee321) September 18, 2014
Actually shocked about the Scotland vote! I demand a recount! #fixed

Babcock bond sale raises issuance hopes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0009d644-426d-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Climate change protesters gather at Wall Street for another round of protestsBy Mark Berman September 22 Follow @markberman
On Monday, a large crowd of people gathered in Manhattan to protest the financial system they say plays a key role in climate change. As the protest encountered police officers, there were reports of clashes and protesters being pepper-sprayed and arrested.
This event came a day after a crowd estimated by organizers to include more than 300,000 people marched through Manhattan , a massive rally paralleled by smaller protests around the world.
The goal of Monday’s march, called Flood Wall Street , was to interrupt the business day in Manhattan’s financial district. Organizers had called for a gathering followed by a march and a sit-in.
“I wanted to come specifically to disrupt Wall Street because it’s Wall Street that’s fueling this,” Ben Shapiro, an urban farmer from Youngstown, Ohio, told the Associated Press. “I’m going after the source of the problem. … That means actively having to confront the system.”
(Andrew Burton/Getty Images)
Protesters in the area who began marching were eventually met by police, and things took a frantic turn as police and protesters faced off:
Three people were arrested, according to  Reuters .
During the confrontation between protesters and police, this happened:
A direct shot of NYPD pepper-spraying protesters at #FloodWallStreet https://t.co/nljhXKUI5S via @plussone — Brian Rie$ (@moneyries) September 22, 2014
Later in the afternoon and evening, it appeared that the mood had calmed  at the scene. 
#FloodWallStreet on Broadway sitting across the intersection with Wall Street pic.twitter.com/fN5X4Nj4jR — Zoë Schlanger (@zoeschlanger) September 22, 2014
Pizza was handed out  to the people who were still gathered, as others came together to discuss staying into the evening .
The marches on Sunday and Monday come in advance of the United Nations Climate Summit , which begins Tuesday in New York. This gathering of world leaders is meant to discuss ways to fight climate change, though it is unclear what concrete plans and steps could emerge from this meeting. 
Actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon and Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) were among the estimated 100,000 demonstrators who joined the People’s Climate March in New York on Sunday, demanding action on the issue of climate change. (Divya Jeswani Verma/The Washington Post)
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Govt cant punish civil servants who expose corruption: SCPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:58 am
The Supreme Court on Monday ruled that any civil servant who exposes corruption and other illicit acts by knocking on the doors of a court cannot be subjected to disciplinary proceedings.
A bench of Justices J Chelameswar and A K Sikri said that if a bureaucrat files a petition, alleging that the government was lax in discharging its constitutional obligations of establishing the rule of law, his or her conduct does not imply that he or she failed to maintain absolute integrity and devotion to duty, or indulged in conduct unbecoming of a member of the service.
“Clearly the rule only prohibits criticism of the policies of the government or making of any statement which is likely to embarrass the relations between the government of India and a foreign state or the government of India and the government of a state. Allegations of maladministration, in our opinion, do not fall within the ambit of any of the three categories (warranting disciplinary actions),” said the bench.
It added, “The right to judicial remedies for the redressal of either personal or public grievances is a constitutional right of the subjects of this country. Employees of the state cannot become members of a different and inferior class to whom such right is not available.”
The court issued the ruling while quashing disciplinary proceeding against IAS officer Vijay Shankar Pandey. The proceeding had been initiated against Pandey under charges of misconduct after he joined a campaign to bring back black money stashed abroad. He had actively participated as a member of a social group that filed a PIL and prompted the Supreme Court to pass a judgement on setting up a special investigation team to retrieve black money. He also gave his personal affidavit in the matter.
While an enquiry officer had given Pandey a clean chit after proceeding were initiated, authorities refused to accept this view and set up another board in September 2012 to look into his conduct.
The bench said that the purpose behind these proceedings appeared “calculated to harass the appellant since he dared to point out certain aspects of maladministration in the government of India” and that the order of a second inquiry was “wholly untenable”.
“The whole attempt appears to be to suppress any probe into the question of black money by whatever means, fair or foul. The present impugned proceedings are nothing but a part of the strategy to intimidate not only the appellant but also to send a signal to others who might dare in future to expose any maladministration,” it noted.
Highlighting that the petition filed by Pandey led to some effective orders, the court said, “The Constitution declares that India is a sovereign democratic Republic. The requirement of such democratic republic is that every action of the State is to be informed with reason. State is not a hierarchy of regressively genuflecting coterie of bureaucracy.” The court also directed the authorities to pay Rs 5 lakh to Pandey.

Indices can fall max 4%; opportunity in cement: Centrum08:00 am
Ahead of the September series expiry, Nifty is trying hard to hold on to the 8100-mark. Despite Monday being a consolidation day, the Nifty and the Sensex managed to bounce back, largely supported by supported by ITC , Tata Motors ,  ONGC and HDFC .
Kunj Bansal of Centrum Wealth Management does not expect the market to correct sharply. He says a lot of negatives that could have had an impact on the market have cooled off – inflation is correcting, oil prices globally have fallen and the fear of less-than-needed monsoon has also abated. The three combine can result in WPI and CPI cooling. According to him, maximum there can be a 4-odd-percent correction in indices.
Bansal feels cement continues to throw decent opportunities. He is bullish on  Ramco Cement s on the belief that is will benefit from extra construction in Andhra Pradesh. He also likes  JK Lakshmi Cement within the space.
He adds that despite the massive run up that pharma and auto ancillary stocks have seen, Torrent Pharma ,  Bharat Forge and Banco Products  continue to offer good investment opportunities.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Kunj Bansal's interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Latha: What is the overall mood telling you? We saw the Indian markets holding up even as most of the Asian markets touched one-two month lows. Commodities are touching in some cases four year lows. Do you suspect that this market would kind of give away a goodish bit after the expiry?
A: Difficult call. Actually everybody has been waiting, expecting and hoping for that and that is the reason I don’t think that market will correct significantly. Also let us keep in mind the fact that there have been one-two factors which used to be negative on the market are turning towards positive, one factor being inflation. Now we have seen the global oil prices correcting sharply. We already saw the last Wholesale Price Index (WPI) data coming which was significantly lower than expected.
If the global oil prices continue to remain subdued or infact if come down further, we could see a reasonable drop in WPI and CPI. While Reserve Bank of India (RBI) officially hasn’t reduced rate, probably will not reduce also tomorrow or day after is the credit policy. But if we see the banking sector there is already rates which are coming down so we saw State Bank of India reducing the rates of deposits, we saw the 10 year yield coming down to 8.45 percent. So that is one big positive on the market.
The other was the monsoon negative which seem to have reduced. In fact on the contrary I would say that it has gone on the other side of negative that the rains have extended in the time. So to that extent I am not sure if that could have an impact on the food grain production once we have the numbers around October-November-December. But keeping that aside I don’t think there are significant negatives on the Indian market.
Latha: So if there is a correction you think it will be shallow, how much can the markets correct?
A: We saw last week itself the Nifty we saw intraday, yesterday also and then we saw market recovering sharply. Overnight global markets have been down so let us see how we behave. But that is what in number terms or in percentage terms if I were to put from the peak of the Nifty or Sensex about 4 percent correction in the indices is what we expect.
Sonia: What are the stocks that you would be looking at now?
A: Lot of opportunities, we have seen lot of stocks already participating across the large caps, more in percentage terms in mid and small caps. Surprising and the good part of this rally is that the interest in this rally has been in the defensives as well along with cyclicals. So lot of opportunity continues to be there. Cement is one sector which continues to throw good opportunities even at this point of time. So very specifically from the midcap space Ramco Cement is one such good opportunity which will also benefit from the extra construction that is likely to happen post the bifurcation of Andhra state. So that is one good opportunity amongst the north and west based players. JK Lakshmi Cement is another good opportunity within the cement space. So these are some of the ideas which do look good in the current market.
Latha: Where do you stand on Rs 700 stock of NBCC ?
A: One of the very good companies amongst the public sector space, is into the construction space which is now getting market likeness. So the same listing happened sometime back and the stock continued to languish for quite some time till about four-five months ago when we saw the overall market moving up and the interest in cyclicals coming back. But coming back within the construction space one of the companies with better fundamentals, if we look at it from the sector perspective. If we look at it from the ownership perspective again one of the better companies in the PSU space in terms of financials and a company which looks like will continue to report good top-line as well as bottom-line growth based on the expectations.
In terms of share price and price of entry how much percentage it can go up is all subject to market as well as continued buying interest which at this point of time looks like it is there. But whether it will go up 50 percent or not I am not sure.
RELATED NEWS

Jet Airways Takes on AirAsia India With New OfferYou are here: Home Industries
Jet Airways Takes on AirAsia India With New Offer
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 10:07 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Jet Airways has launched a promotional offer on the routes operated by budget carrier AirAsia India. Jet Airways is offering fares as low as Rs 908 (all-inclusive) as part of this promotional scheme, which is applicable on economy class tickets.
This Jet Airways offer can be availed by booking before October 5 and is valid on travel after January 15, 2015.
As part of the offer, Jet Airways is offering Kochi-Bangalore tickets at Rs 908 and Bangalore-Kochi at Rs 1,162. Bangalore-Chennai tickets under this Jet Airways offer are priced at Rs 1,162 while Chennai-to-Bangalore to Rs 1,017. On the Bangalore-Goa route, tickets are priced at Rs 1,162 while on Goa-Bangalore at Rs 916.
In the Bangalore-Chandigarh and Bangalore-Jaipur routes tickets are priced at around Rs 2,390.
Budget carrier AirAsia India had recently launched a promotional scheme, offering fares as low as Rs 690 as part of a promotional sale. The booking period for this AsiaAsia offer will remain open till October 5, 2014. This offer is applicable on travel between January 15, 2015 and June 30, 2015.
AirAsia India from September 5 added Jaipur and Chandigarh to its network as part of its first foray into north India. ( Check out AirAsia's offer )
Airlines in India this year have come up with many promotional schemes to attract flyers. Low-priced air tickets offered by various Indian airlines seem to have had an effect, with the number of passengers flown by them in August growing by over 8.3 per cent compared to July this year, official data showed. The latest figures showed the number of domestic passengers carried by the airlines grew from 52.60 lakh in July to 56.97 lakh in August. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 10:07 (IST)

http://www.bbc.co.uk/podcasts/series/money Available:
1 day remaining
Japan is now officially back in recession but what does it mean for the rest of the world? Dominic and Mickey look at what's lead to the  decline in the world's third largest economy and what's being done to solve the problems. Plus should the way charges are made on investment fund management change and lots is already done to help new businesses but what help is there for those wanting to grow?
Terms of Use
The BBC Podcasts are for     your personal non-commercial use only.
All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the BBC Podcasts shall     remain the property of the BBC or third parties. You may not edit,     alter, adapt or add to the BBC Podcast in any way. The BBC     Podcasts are made available by the BBC on an "as is" and "as available"     basis and the BBC gives no warranty of any kind in relation to the BBC     Podcast. To the maximum extent permitted by law the BBC will not be liable for any loss or damage which you may suffer as a result of, or connected to, the download or use of the BBC Podcasts.
 
See the full Standard Licence Terms here.
Play recent episodes
You need Javascript enabled and Flash version 10 installed to access this audio. Please view our BBC Webwise guide.

Mamata  remember Delhi gangrape protests and beware of Jadavpurprint
When Trinamool Congress head Mamata Banerjee took over as West Bengal’s chief minister in 2012, the reigning theme was ‘poriborton’ (change). But two years down the line, Banerjee can hardly be called an agent of change. Instead, the chief minister is extremely old school: The CM seems to think she is above reproach and no one can question her governance style or her administrative capabilities. Unfortunately, she is at her paranoid best when it comes to issues of violence against women: any rape case, she feels, is an opposition plan to malign her government. Her party leaders regularly make thoughtless comments (remember Tapas Pal and Deepak Haldar?) on sexual violence against women but nothing, absolutely nothing, seems to move Banerjee. All is fair in love, war and politics - seems to be her motto.
 
Two incidents could singe Banerjee and Trinamool irreparably. One is the Saradha chit fund scam and second, the on-going protests in Jadavpur University, a premier centre of academic excellence that was set up in 1955. The protests, now known as the ‘Hok Kolorob Movement’ (Let there be noise), began on September 17 when university authorities called the police to break up a peaceful demonstration of students who were demanding an investigation into an alleged molestation inside the JU campus.
 
According to the students, the police entered the campus at around 8pm on September 16, attempting to broker peace between the students and the vice-chancellor. They failed to do so and left the campus but re-entered around 2am on September 17. There were several unidentified men among the police, claim students. While they allege that these men were Trinamool Congress members, the police claim that they were officials in plainclothes. The police-“Trinamool Congress cadre” beat up the students brutally and even some female students were sexually assaulted by the men. Thirty-five students were arrested.
 
This police action led to protests in Kolkata and across India. At present, no classes are being held in JU, exams have been deferred and the students have three demands: sacking of the VC, probe into the molestation case and also an inquiry into the police brutality.
 
For Banerjee, of course, all this is opposition propaganda to dethrone her. Even if one accepts her allegations, I think, there was ample time and opportunity to defuse this situation: all the government had to do was sanction a time-bound and impartial inquiry into the molestation incident.
 
Instead, an arrogant Banerjee claimed that the September 17 incident was a small one and “the media was giving it unnecessary footage in an effort to tarnish Bengal’s image”. Her equally arrogant education minister added fuel to the fire, saying that students who do not like the VC can leave the university and join somewhere else!
 
However, Trinamool’s stance (shoot the messenger) has cut no ice. The students have deftly used the social media to put across their point. Protests have been planned across the world on September 25 and Banerjee and her team can now only blame themselves for the fiasco.
 
And yes, how can one forget Banerjee’s nephew and Trinamool Congress’ youth wing president Abhishek Banerjee’s Facebook post? The young man, ostensibly the GenNext of Trinamool, has stirred a row by mocking the protesting students. He said in his post, "The students are agitating as there has been a crackdown against things like booze, weed and charas on the JU campus". It seems insensitivity and paranoia run deep in the party.
 
The Jadavpur protests is increasingly looking like the protests that happened in Delhi and in other parts of the country and the world against the horrific December 16, 2012, gang-rape in the Capital. Like in the post December 16 protests, the general public has come out against the state highhandedness and in support of the victim(s). The gang-rape almost demolished India’s image worldwide and eventually the party that was in power; this JU protest could end up doing the same to West Bengal and the Trinamool Congress.

Business Daily podcastListen in pop-out player
Why are central European countries reporting falling gas supplies from Russia? Could this be the first sign of an impending winter energy stand-off as a result of the Ukraine crisis? We get the latest on fears over the European gas supply from Otilia Dhand, an energy analyst and vice president at Teneo Intelligence. There are some experts who believe that Moscow is not all that disturbed by the recent economic sanctions that have been imposed by western powers, which have not on the whole affected its key revenues in the oil sector. It might, however, be more alarmed by the recent 15% drop in the global oil price. Russia is one of a number of powers that has come to depend overwhelmingly on oil exports for its foreign earnings. What would the effect be on Russia and other countries if the price were to fall even further, below 90 dollars in the coming weeks? We get the views of Nick Butler, a visiting professor of Public Policy at Kings College, London.
Also in the programme, Lucy Kellaway asks whether gender and ethnic diversity in the boardroom are not always the great virtue they are made out to be.
Show more / Show less

Essel Propack to hold EGMEssel Propack to hold EGM
http://usat.ly/1B2WJzwFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Starbucks tests coffee with beer taste
All Starbucks sell coffee.  Some Starbucks sell beer.  But only a handful sell coffee that apparently tastes like beer. You read that right:  a cup o' joe that tastes like a cup o' brew
Post to Facebook
Starbucks tests coffee with beer taste All Starbucks sell coffee.  Some Starbucks sell beer.  But only a handful sell coffee that apparently tastes like beer. You read that right:  a cup o' joe that tastes like a cup o' brew Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1siFX0H
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Starbucks tests coffee with beer taste
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 9:15 p.m. EDT September 22, 2014
Sandy Roberts, Starbucks strategy manager for global coffee engagement, pours samples of coffee for shareholders at Starbucks' annual meeting in Seattle in March.
(Photo: Ted S. Warren, AP)
2939 CONNECT 252 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
All Starbucks coffee shops sell coffee.  Some sell beer.  But only a precious few sell coffee that many folks out in Social Media Land insist tastes a lot like beer.
You read that right:  a cup o' joe that tastes like a cup o' brew.
Starbucks is testing a so-called Dark Barrel Latte in a "handful" of stores in Ohio and Florida, says spokeswoman Lisa Passe. The Dark Barrel Latte is made with espresso and topped with whipped cream and dark caramel drizzle and comes blended with a "chocolaty stout flavored sauce," she says.
No beer. No alcohol. But don't tell that to some folks who -- love it or hate it -- have lit up Twitter.
"This Dark Barrel Latte from Starbucks tastes just like beer & I might be in love," tweeted Nina Amicantonio.
But Noel Woods tweeted an entirely different take: "The dark barrel latte at Starbucks literally tastes like drinking a Guinness in the early morning...So yuck."
A Starbucks training guide for baristas specifies that there is no beer whatsoever in the beverage.  The so-called "stout flavor" is actually a "roasted malt flavor," the guide says.  The beverage also is available as a blended Frappuccino, the training guide says.
So, why test a coffee that may taste like beer?
"Starbucks regularly tests new beverages, and testing is an essential part of bringing the Starbucks experience to our customers," says Passe in an e-mail.
But one restaurant industry guru has another idea.  Starbucks already is selling beer and wine at some of its stores in the evening, notes Sam Oches, editor of QSR magazine, a restaurant industry trade publication.  The new beverage could be a savvy way to "bridge the gap" between morning and evening crowds, he says.
Also, the test comes at a time the craft-beer movement is booming, adds Oches. "Craft beer fans love trying new things and love different flavor pairings."
But Starbucks won't comment on when the special brew might be available at a Starbucks near you.  Says Passe, "We're looking forward to learning more from the test."
2939 CONNECT 252 TWEET 8 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1siFX0H
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

borrows 11.6bn in AugustPrint
Public borrowing at £11.6bn in August
Government borrowing is more than 6% higher than at the same time a year ago, official figures have shown
Government borrowing remained high in August, hampering the chancellor's efforts to reduce the public deficit, official figures show.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said public sector net borrowing stood at £11.6bn last month.
Total borrowing for this year stands at £45.4bn, some 6.2% higher than at the same time a year earlier.
However, comparisons are difficult because of changes to the methodology this month.
The latest figures are designed to meet EU standards and include financial sector interventions that were left out in the old figures.
As part of the changes, Network Rail has been moved from the private sector into the public sector.
On the old basis, the figure would have been £12.5bn, up from £11.5bn in August 2013.
'Slow process'
Economists have spoken of a "taxless" recovery that has made it harder for Mr Osborne to balance the books.
This refers to the fact that receipts from income tax have not been rising as much as the government would have hoped, despite rises in the number of people in work, because pay rises have been meagre for many.
August continued this trend, with income tax receipts and social security payments growing just 1.6% from the previous year.
For the tax year so far, the amount has been 0.6% lower than in the same period a year earlier.
Analysis: Simon Jack, business correspondent
One part of the government's long-term economic plan seems to be working, another part does not. Although unemployment has fallen quickly, government borrowing is going in the other direction.
The weak link is income tax and there are a couple of explanations as to why.
First, there has been a big drop in youth unemployment and obviously, young people entering the workforce tend to do so on lower wages.
Second, there has been an explosion in self-employment. We won't know how much there people are earning and therefore how much tax will be collected until after the self-assessment tax returns in January, but self-employed people tend to earn less than salaried staff.
There is some evidence that last year's income tax numbers were boosted by high earners delaying their bonuses until after the top rate of tax was abolished in April 2013, meaning more tax was collected in May last year than May this year.
However, Treasury officials are aware that the income tax take could disappoint, making deficit reduction - the other leg of the long-term economic plan - harder to deliver.
"August's public finances data suggest that deficit reduction remains a grindingly slow process," said Martin Beck, senior economic adviser to the EY Item Club.
"The chances of the chancellor enjoying a fiscal windfall from the strong economic recovery in time for the Autumn Statement are looking increasingly slim.
"Rather than being in a position to offer some tax or spending sweeteners to kick in before next May's general election, he may be faced with the unpalatable choice of announcing further fiscal tightening or a slippage of deficit reduction plans."
David Kern, chief economist at the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC), said the deterioration in public finances was "disappointing" but not a huge surprise.
"The sharp fall in oil and gas output since the financial crisis, and the problems facing the UK financial sector, have both created a major hole in the UK's ability to generate tax revenues, even when economic growth improves," he added.
More on This Story

Sharda Cropchem surges 76% on debutsharda cropchem surges 76% on debut
How Abhishek kept his school going amid fear of riotsHow Abhishek kept his school going amid fear of riots
Rajeev Mullick , Hindustan Times  Lucknow, September 23, 2014
First Published: 14:11 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:20 IST(23/9/2014)
It was a forced holiday for students of Upper Primary School at Kamaalpur village in Meerut district of Uttar Pradesh when communal violence spread in May.
 
Parents stopped sending their children to school, fearing for their safety. The attendance declined and the school reached the brink of closure, till Abhishek, a Dalit student of Class 8, decided to step in.
 
He mobilised a number of students and formed a small ‘toli’ (group).
 
“Each day after school, I started moving in the village, appealing to friends and their parents that studies must continue,” said the 14-year-old, who did his best to boost the morale of edgy parents.
 
“The school is situated in a predominantly Muslim area. Of the 225 students, 117 are Muslims.”
 
Though the riots did not reach the village, rumours triggered panic among parents.
 
“Classes had to be discontinued due to low attendance of students. It was a difficult time,” said Abhishek.
 
President awardee Abdul Samad, the school principal, is all praise for Abhishek.
 
“The boy did a wonderful job for the school. When most parents were reluctant to send their kids, he moved about with a small group of students to restore their confidence. The idea worked and gradually parents started sending their children to school. The attendance is normal now.”
 
Samad added, “Though the Meerut administration deployed extra force to defuse communal tension, it was not enough to boost people’s confidence. But Abhishek stepped in undaunted.”
Abhishek (Right) standing with his teacher Ruchi Shrotriya. (Deepak Gupta/HT Photo)
 
Abhishek’s efforts have made a mark. He will be felicitated with the Meena Award in Lucknow on Wednesday.
 
The Sarva Siksha Abhiyaan and Unicef will jointly give the award to Abhishek and 23 other children for their distinguished work in social sector to spread awareness on various issues.
 
Abhishek has more to his credit. He is also responsible for beautifying the school. The teenager and his friends help keep the campus clean and green.
 
He also counselled his father, Tej Pal, and helped him quit smoking.
 
“I was a habitual bidi smoker. One day, my son snatched the bidi from my hand and threw it into a gutter. I thrashed him hard. But later he explained the ill-effects of bidi and I decided to quit,” said Tej Pal, who works as a farm labourer and doubles up as a vegetable vendor.
 
Normalcy has returned and Kamaalpur is ready to welcome Abhishek when he returns after receiving the Meena Award.

Saffron alliance  intact   Sena to give 126 seats to BJPBJP, Sena near truce; may fight polls together
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 23, 2014
First Published: 11:36 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:25 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
After bickering for more than a week over sharing seats for the Maharashtra assembly elections, the Shiv Sena and BJP on Tuesday finally decided to keep their 25-year-old alliance going in the western state that goes to the polls on October 15.
The Sena, which remains firm on contesting 151 of the 288 seats with an eye on the chief minister’s post, showed willingness to give away one more seat to the BJP.
If both succeed in arm-twisting the smaller allies, the Sena would end up with at least 150 seats, the BJP with 124-126 seats, leaving 12-14 seats to the others.  
At the time of going to press, leaders from the saffron combine were in talks to finalise the seat-sharing formula, with the smaller allies unhappy over what they would have to give up.
Video: BJP leaders to meet Shiv Sena to save Maharashtra alliance
While the ruling alliance — the Congress and the Nationalist Congress — again hit a roadblock over the number of seats each would fight,  the saffron camp appeared confident as leaders met at the BJP’s office on Tuesday morning.
Sena leaders drove down in senior Maharashtra BJP leader Vinod Tawde’s car, sparking speculation of a deal being sealed. The Sena in an editorial in its mouthpiece Saamana indicated alliance trouble had been sorted out.
The “horses of Sena-BJP were running fast and were unstoppable against the mules of Congress-NCP”, it said.
The Sena softened its stand after several senior BJP leaders spoke to Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, party sources said. “Our alliance will stay. We will talk sharing of seats with our smaller allies and fix the final formula,” said Sena MP Sanjay Raut.
Thackeray had on Sunday made a “final offer” of 119 seats to the BJP and set aside 151 seats for the Sena.
The new formula, if agreed up on, will ensure that the Sena keeps to its “Mission 150” alive, while the BJP increases its seat count by five-seven seats.

China regulator says iPhone 6 in final revi...The status of iPhone 6 in China has been a mystery since Apple unveiled it without releasing a launch date for world's largest smartphone market.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Apple Inc's iPhone 6 is in the final stages of review for approval, with results due shortly, a top Chinese government regulator said in an interview published on Tuesday by Tencent.
The status of the iPhone 6 in China has been a mystery since Apple unveiled the device this month without releasing a launch date for the world's largest smartphone market.
The delay has led to widespread speculation the iPhone has run into difficulty securing regulatory approval from China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT), with some reports suggesting the launch could be delayed until 2015.
"The iPhone 6 has entered the final stage of the approval process, now it's just a matter of time," MIIT chief Miao Wei told Tencent in an exclusive interview in Beijing. "Netizens, please wait patiently."
Miao declined to offer a timeframe for completion of the review, saying only that he expected a result "very soon".
The ministry could not be immediately reached for comment Tuesday.

http://usat.ly/1sVNnRKFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Watch as folks respond to free financial advice offer
USA TODAY money columnist Waggoner offers financial tips to tourists and New Yorkers in the middle of Times Square.
Post to Facebook
Watch as folks respond to free financial advice offer USA TODAY money columnist Waggoner offers financial tips to tourists and New Yorkers in the middle of Times Square. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uwDkET
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Watch as folks respond to free financial advice offer
USA Today’s ace financial columnist John Waggoner hits Times Square to give money advice.
Laura Petrecca , USA TODAY 2:32 p.m. EDT September 22, 2014
81 CONNECT 53 TWEET 12 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK CITY -- Watch out Naked Cowboy - John Waggoner is in town.
Just after he finished speaking at a financial event in the middle of Times Square, USA TODAY columnist Waggoner bravely made his way through the costumed Mickeys, Minnies and Elmos to offer money advice to New Yorkers and tourists alike.  Here's a look at the unexpected ways people responded to the offer of free financial help.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uwDkET
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

fined 38m by regulatorsBarclays fined £38m for putting clients' assets 'at risk'
Barclays said it did not profit from the issue and no customers lost out
Barclays has been fined a record £38m by the City regulator for failing to keep its clients' assets separate from its own.
The fine comes three years after Barclays paid out £1.1m for a similar issue.
The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) said the bank's investment arm had put £16.5bn of clients' assets "at risk" between November 2007 and January 2012.
Barclays said it did not profit from the issue and no customers lost out.
The fine relates to activities in Barclays' investment bank, and has no impact on its retail customers.
"Clients risked incurring extra costs, lengthy delays or losing their assets if Barclays had become insolvent," the FCA said.
And FCA director of markets David Lawton said safeguarding client assets was "key" to maintaining market confidence.
"Barclays lack of focus on the rules was unacceptable," he added.
Barclays, which reported the issue to the FCA itself, said it accepted the FCA's finding.
"Barclays has subsequently enhanced its systems to resolve these issues and to ensure we have the requisite processes in place. No client has suffered any loss as a consequence of this weakness in our processes which existed prior to January 2012," a spokesperson added.
'No excuse'
It is the biggest fine ever issued for this particular offence.
However, the FCA said Barclays received a 30% discount on the fine because it agreed to settle it at an an early stage.
Since the 2008 collapse of Lehman Brothers, when many of its clients were unable to access their funds, the FCA has insisted that customers' money is kept separate from the bank's own assets.
"All firms should be clear after Lehman that there is no excuse for failing to safeguard client assets," the FCA director of enforcement and financial crime Tracey McDermott said.
The FSA, the FCA's predecessor, fined JP Morgan £33.3m over the issue in 2010, the then biggest penalty.
In 2011, Barclays was fined £1.12m by the FSA for failing to ring-fence client money in one of its accounts for more than eight years.
The penalty comes as Barclays tries to defend itself against fraud charges in the US in relation to the sale of mortgage bonds and follows a £26m fine in May for fixing the gold price.
Some of Barclays' recent penalties:
Date of fine

Youth mauled to death by white tiger at Delh...You are here: Home > Collections
Youth mauled to death by white tiger at Delhi Zoo
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 03.55PM IST
Tags:
Delhi Zoo
(Police said the body of victim,…)
NEW DELHI: A white tiger at Delhi Zoo mauled to death a youth after he fell into its enclosure this afternoon.
Eyewitnesses said that the incident took place as the victim, said to be in his early 20s, was taking pictures of the tiger.
Police said that the body of the victim, who is yet to be identified, is still lying inside the enclosure and police and the staff at the zoo are trying to take it out.
"The tiger attacked the youth after he fell into the enclosure. It attacked his neck," an eyewitness said.
Police said that further investigation is on into the matter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba IPO: China is the winnerChina is the real winner from Alibaba IPO
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 22, 2014: 4:44 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Alibaba officially became the biggest initial public offering of all time, confirming on Monday that in the final tally it raised an eye-popping $25 billion .
The e-commerce giant's ability to raise huge sums of cash could give stock prices further momentum in the medium term. Investors are still hungry.
Alibaba's ( BABA , Tech30 ) decision to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange should also reinforce Wall Street's central role in the global finance world despite pushes by London and Hong Kong. Plus, four of the top six investment banks tapped to underwrite the Alibaba IPO are U.S. firms.
But don't forget, Alibaba is a Chinese company with very little presence in the U.S. at this point.
That means the positive ripple effects from the IPO -- like a real estate boom and luxury car sales as newly wealthy executives make purchases -- are largely being felt in Asia, not Silicon Valley.
"If it was a U.S. corporation, the proceeds would be coming back into the U.S. economy and there would be a multiplier effect. We're only seeing a little bit of that," said David Weild, the former vice chairman of the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Related: Should you buy shares of Alibaba?
When Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) went public in May 2012, it made many early employees and investors millionaires virtually overnight. Some, like Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg, even became billionaires.
Those newly-rich people, many of them still in their 20s, quickly scooped up luxury cars and trucks, mansions and yachts.
"There was a big real estate wealth effect in the San Francisco area as a result of the Facebook IPO. It had a very beneficial effect on the northern California economy," said Weild, who is currently chairman and CEO of IssuWorks.
The Facebook IPO also benefited financial advisors in the Silicon Valley region, who rushed to cater to the needs of the new tech millionaires.
 
Related: Defense stocks rally as ISIS crisis escalates
But with Alibaba, many of the early employees and some of its early investors are based in China.
Alibaba "is creating a positive psychology for the stock market, the IPO market in general and probably for the U.S. economy. It's terrific in that regard. But not as terrific as if it were a U.S. company where all of that capital would stay on our shores," said Weild.
It's also worth remembering that New York wasn't Alibaba's preferred destination for its IPO. Alibaba only decided to list in the U.S. after Hong Kong refused to amend its rules for the Chinese company's unusual corporate structure , which gives regular investors less power than typical stocks.
Alibaba was not a positive factor for the stock market at all on Monday.
Related: Investors are scared again
Alibaba fell over 4% and dropped well below the $92.70 price it opened at on Friday. The Nasdaq tumbled 1.1% as technology stocks suffered.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ), which stands to make billions from its stake in Alibaba, slumped almost 6% amid questions over how much the U.S. company will owe in taxes on its gains.
Other Chinese Internet plays were also in the red, including Weibo ( WB ), JD.com ( JD ) and Baidu ( BIDU , Tech30 ), China's version of Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ).
First Published: September 22, 2014: 4:44 PM ET
Most Popular

BSE Sensex slumps; posts biggest single-day fall in 2-1/2 monthsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BSE Sensex slumps; posts biggest single-day fall in 2-1/2monthsSensex plunges about 431 pts to end at 26,775.69 in its biggest fall since July 8; Nifty slips 128.75 pts to end at 8,017.55. (PTI)
Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: September 23, 2014 4:37 pm
BSE Sensex posted its biggest single-day fall in two-and-a-half months as blue-chips such as ICICI Bank tracked weaker global stocks on disappointment over European manufacturing data and concerns about an unemployment measure in a survey in China.
The benchmark BSE index provisionally closed down 1.58 percent at 26,775.69 points, while the broader NSE index also fell 1.58 percent to 8,017.55.
Shares in ICICI Bank provisionally closed down 2.6 percent.

Three Kerala doctors face criminal case for caesareanphotosPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 23, 2014 4:37 pm
An internal inquiry by the health department has found that three doctors were prima facie responsible for photographing a caesarean at a government hospital and later circulating the visuals of the procedure over WhatsApp.
The doctors at government hospital at North Kerala’s Payyannur had allegedly took the visuals of the caesarean held on July 18. After the visuals had got circulated in the WhatsApp two days back, the woman, who had gave birth to three kids, complained the police.
The doctors named Manoj Kumar, Madhusudhanan VV and Sunil PP are now facing a criminal case under section 354 of IPC and section 66E and 67 A of IT Act. The high court on Tuesday rejected the anticipatory bail applications of the three doctors, who have gone into hiding after the woman moved the police.
Kannur district medical officer Dr K J Reena, who led a departmental inquiry, said prima facie three doctors were found responsible for the incident. They have not reported before the inquiry panel of the DMO for submitting their version. Only with the help of the cyber cell, we would be able to fix which doctor has shot the caesarean using mobile phone, said the DMO.
The DMO and the police have recorded the statements of several hospital staff members.

Why Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah won t take a chopper ride with ModiSiddaramaiah won't take a chopper ride with Modi
Sudipto Mondol , Hindustan Times  Bangalore  , September 23, 2014
First Published: 15:35 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:03 IST(23/9/2014)
Comments
The shadow boxing between the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress over Prime Minister Narendra Modi's first official visit to Karnataka has taken another interesting turn. 
After announcing that he will fly to the venue of a public meeting with Modi on Wednesday, chief minister Siddaramaiah changed plans at the last moment and decided to go by road instead.
According to sources, the reason behind the sudden change is the PM's stopover at the Siddaganga Math in Tumkur before he attends the public meeting.
One of the most important centres of faith for the Lingayat community, the Siddaganga Math also wields massive political influence over the community.
Over the last few years, Lingayat strongman BS Yeddyurappa has enjoyed the tacit support of the math and a large number of his supporters are expected to be there when Modi comes calling.
"We cannot be sure that they (BJP supporters) will behave properly when our CM goes there. We think it's best he avoids the event," a source close to Siddaramaiah told HT.
An hour later, the chief minister's office (CMO) officially confirmed that the chopper ride was off.
"They will travel together on the return journey from the public function," said a CMO official.
Whether Siddaramaiah should share dais with the PM at the public event, which is expected to draw a crowd of 25,000, has been a matter of much debate within the Congress since Modi's visit was announced.
Party leaders were worried there may be a repeat of the unsavoury scenes that emerged during official functions in Jharkhand and Haryana where the CMs were booed by Modi's supporters.
Siddaramaiah's attendance was in doubt until it was decided at an executive committee meeting of the party last week that he should attend the function as a "matter of courtesy".
At the meet, Congress leaders decided to pack the venue with party workers and match the Modi brigade slogan for slogan if the situation so demands.

Set for date with Mars  Mangalyaan in  good healthSet for date with Mars, Mangalyaan in 'good health'
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 22, 2014
First Published: 15:50 IST(22/9/2014) | Last Updated: 05:26 IST(24/9/2014)
Indian scientists on Monday successfully tested the main engine of the country’s Mars mission spacecraft and completed a course correction that put the probe on track to enter the red planet’s orbit on September 24.
 
If successful, India will become the first country to make it to Mars in its maiden attempt, propelling it to an elite club of space race leaders. Only the US, Europe and Russia have so far sent probes that have successfully orbited or landed on the planet.
“We had a perfect burn for four seconds as programmed. The trajectory has been corrected. MOM (Mars Orbiter Mission) will now go for the nominal plan for Mars Orbit Insertion,” the Indian Space Research Organisation’s Facebook page said.
 
The liquid engine, which was dormant for 300 days, will be used with eight small thrusters during orbit entry by the spacecraft in India’s first interplanetary mission.
 
“The spacecraft is in good health. Mission controllers are going through the final round of the sequence of operations,” ISRO chairman K Radhakrishnan told HT, adding that there was a lot more to do.
Source of graphics: Isro
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be at Isro’s command centre in Bengaluru at 7.30am on September 24 to witness the mission’s last phase after the probe broke into Mars’ sphere of influence on Monday.
Read: PM to witness Mars Orbiter Insertion at ISRO facility
 
The Mangalyaan, as the spacecraft is popularly known, aims to study Mars' surface and mineral composition, and search its atmosphere for methane, a chemical strongly tied to life on earth.
Video: Mangalyaan’s real test on Sept 24: Former scientist Biman Basu?
India’s Rs. 450-crore expedition cost about a tenth of Nasa’s Mars mission Maven that entered the red planet’s orbit on Wednesday. Modi hailed the project’s low price tag in June, saying it was less than the budget of the Hollywood space movie Gravity.
 
“I hope India will consider international participation in any future missions to Mars as this mission will clearly demonstrate its capability to successfully deliver a payload to Mars and many countries would be pleased to collaborate with India,” said Mark Sims, professor of astrobiology and space instrumentation at the UK’s University of Leicester.
 
The 680-million-kilometre journey to Mars that began on November 5 last year has had its share of adventures and feats —five orbit-raising manoeuvres including a small glitch in the fourth such operation that was fixed.
 
Probes to Mars have a high failure rate and a success will boost India’s space exploration programme, especially after a similar mission by China failed to leave earth’s orbit in 2011.
 

This is how Amazon developed its first great TV seriesTime to binge. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP)
SHARE
Jason Lynch @jasonlynch
September 23, 2014
When Jill Soloway was meeting with networks last year to pitch her show Transparent, Amazon was able to offer her something that HBO, FX, Showtime and the others could not: the promise of an expedited development and production schedule, instead of the usual year-long process at most networks, after which the show might still never see the light of day.
Indeed, “it was about two months after my first meeting with them that they greenlit it, and a month or so after that, we were shooting. I think I met them in May and we were shooting in August,” a still-stunned Soloway told Quartz. “That never happens!”
Now, Soloway has repaid the favor by giving Amazon something that none of the company’s other original series has been able to deliver: its first great show. Transparent, which debuts Sept. 26 for Amazon Prime customers, is Amazon’s answer to Netflix’s Orange is the New Black: a critically-acclaimed signature series for the fledgling streaming network, which is unlike anything else on TV and puts Amazon squarely on the map as a true destination for quality television.
Transparent follows a transgender patriarch (Jeffrey Tambor) who has spent her life as Mort, but reveals to her three kids that she is in fact Maura and is finally embracing her true identity. The innovative pilot episode, which aired on Amazon last spring, earned early raves. Now, subsequent episodes—the entire 10-episode first season will be released at once—prove its stellar debut was no fluke. Tambor is giving the best performance of his career, which is no small feat considering his peerless work on The Larry Sanders Show as Hank Kingsley (“Hey now!”) and Arrested Development as George Bluth Sr. As the rapturous reviews pile up, Soloway and Tambor spoke with Quartz about how Transparent was developed for Amazon.
“We have this absolutely unprecedented amount of creative freedom. So Amazon to me wasn’t necessarily like a TV network, it was a really vital and vibrant distribution system that would be able to get the stuff to the people quickly,” said Soloway, who was a writer and co-executive producer on Six Feet Under. “It feels more like I got to make a five-hour movie that already had distribution in place than it did like anything I would ever do for CBS that’s an episode to episode deal. There was none of that [network] interference: these stop signs that you constantly have to deal with, that really interrupt your flow and your connection to your inspiration, in any kind of TV. This is nothing like TV! It’s not TV, it’s not HBO, it’s Amazon!”
Tambor, too, had no qualms about going to work for what is in essence a retail company. “You just go where the content is,” said Tambor. “Acting is acting is acting. You can usually tell as an actor what’s going on and if there’s friction or something like that. What I get a sense of, is that we have a very safe place to create, we have a bunch of fans at Amazon who have been saying, ‘Go out and play. We get you. We support you. Go!’ And that’s all I’ve ever wanted.”
So far, Amazon hasn’t asked Soloway to integrate any of the company’s products into her show. “Wait, you didn’t purchase barbeque ribs to order while you were watching, and clicking on the sauce on Dad’s face? Because in some cities they tested it, that if you click on the sauce, and then ribs will come to your house, in a drone. You didn’t get that?” she quipped (yes, she’s joking). “They could do that. ‘Do you like Maura’s caftan? Buy it!’”
Chimed in Tambor, “They could! I could actually go out of character…” he said, then switching to his Hank Kingsley announcer voice. “And by the way, this caftan, just now, for the next hour…” Added Soloway, “We’re really doing a dramatic QVC!”
Kidding aside, the only thing Soloway seems unsure of about her new home is Amazon’s sudden Netflix-style approach to releasing all of a season’s episodes at once, which it had previously resisted until discovering its customers actually preferred to binge-watch . “That was Amazon’s decision,” said Soloway. “In some ways, I was excited because it makes us like House of Cards or Orange, and I’m happy to be compared to shows like that. But I think as a showrunner, I have to get over the idea that there’s not going to be a, ‘And then next Friday, they’ll see the next piece!’ That’s different.”
Tambor, however, is more on board with binge-watching. “I can’t do 10 … but I can’t just watch one. It sounds like the Lay’s Potato Chip thing. But I can do two. I can do three,” he said. “It’s nice to know that it’s there or I can pick it up at another time. I think the novelistic approach, actually, I am aware of that in my acting. I know that the arcs are larger. And that’s very freeing to me.”
As she prepares to send all 10 episodes out into the world, Soloway hopes that Amazon viewers embrace Transparent as warmly as critics have. But no matter what happens, she couldn’t be happier about having thrown her lot in with Amazon. “I think it was meant to be this show, at this time, at this network, about this subject matter,” she said. “I just don’t think it could have worked elsewhere.”
Share this:

Gold rises from eight-month low on Syria to physical purchasesGold rises from eight-month low on Syria to physical purchases
PTI
Tweet
London, Sept 23:  
Gold today rose from an eight- month low as investors assessed air-strikes in Syria and signs of more physical demand against the outlook for an improving US economy. Silver gained from the lowest price in four years.
Gold gained 0.8 per cent to US $1,225.13 an ounce. Prices reached US $1,208.40 yesterday, the lowest since January 2.
Silver also rose 0.9 per cent to U $17.89 an ounce, after reaching US$17.34 yesterday, the lowest since July 2010.
The US and its Arab allies launched a barrage of air-strikes against Islamic State positions in Syria, while Israel shot down a Syrian fighter jet.
Demand in China and India, the largest buyers, typically increases from September ahead of festive periods and the wedding season.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Hyosung bike sales double in July-AugHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hyosung bike sales double in July-Aug 
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Sep 23:  
Pune-based DSK Hyosung has seen sales grow over 100 per cent year-on-year in the 250 cc segment with a total of 375 units sold during July-August.
Shirish Kulkarni, Chairman DSK Hyosung said, “Growth in terms of sales has been phenomenal for the first quarter. We have witnessed around 80-90 per cent year-on-year growth,” a statement by Shirish Kulkarni, Chairman DSK Hyosung said.
Overall growth during July and August 2014 was 100 per cent he added.
“In the next couple of months, we are aiming at selling 300 bikes per month,” Kulkarni said.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Naidu proposes setting up of tourism varsity  convention centres in APNaidu proposes setting up of tourism varsity, convention centres in AP
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 23:  
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu has directed the tourism department to examine the feasibility of setting up a travel and tourism university in the new State.
At a review meeting with officials at the CM’s Camp office today, the Chief Minister asked officials to model the university on New Zealand’s Travel and Tourism University.
The Chief Minister has suggested that courses such as tourism, health, cooking, transport, skills development, and training for guides and hospitality services could be introduced at the university.
He expressed the need to propagate the culture of treating tourists as our guests.
Emphasising the need for world-class convention centres, the Chief Minister called upon the officials concerned to prepare a blueprint for setting up convention centres at Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam and Tirupati.
The Chief Minister said these convention centres with the capacity to host about 10,000 people each should be constructed to host expos, seminars, cultural and other entertainment events. Typically, each of these centres should be developed on 100 acres of land.
He also suggested setting up of a National Academy for Construction in the premises. These projects will be taken up in the public-private partnership mode.
The Chief Minister has decided to constitute a task force with officers of the State and Central Governments and private stakeholders to take up these projects. The task force would be chaired by the Chief Minister.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Visvesvaraya award for Baba KalyaniHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Visvesvaraya award for Baba Kalyani
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Sep 23  :  
Baba N Kalyani, the Chairman & Managing Director of Bharat Forge has been conferred with the “Bharatratna Sir M Visvesvaraya Memorial Award–2014” by the Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce & Industry.
Instituted in 1999 to commemorate the birth anniversary of Sir M Visvesvaraya, NR Narayana Murthy, Azim H Premji, and Devi Shetty are amongst the past recipients of this award.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

ABG Shipyard employees will have to wait longer to get their duesABG Shipyard puts custom over staff dues
Aditi Divekar | Mumbai Sep 24, 2014 12:44 AM IST
ABG Shipyard has said it will divert the bulk of a Rs 1,300 crore working capital loan for completing its pending orders. “The objective of (doing so) is that revenues should start coming,” Dhananjay Datar, CFO, told Business Standard.
The staffers are unlikely to cheer, as this is likely to mean a longer wait for their salary dues. “The assistant general managers and levels above have not received their salaries since January. Senior managers and levels below haven’t got theirs’ since April,” said a source.
ABG is the country’s largest ship building company in the private sector. This industry is still to recover from the economic slowdown-hit since 2008. Ahmedabad-based ABG is, as part of a debt restructuring package granted by its lenders, getting a Rs 650 crore infusion from them by the end of this month. This is part of a Rs 11,000-crore loan recast deal, worked out in March.
“Of the total (pending) order for 99 ships, about 42 ships have been prioritised (for execution) and so from this tranche (as mentioned earlier) of the working capital loan, about 13 new ships will be built, which includes naval orders and bulk carriers,” said Datar
Recently, it lost a Rs 580-crore order from state-owned Shipping Corporation of India. “I needed the vessels and the order was nowhere near completion,” said a senior official with SCI. “Hardly 20-30 per cent of the order was complete and the grace period was also crossed. We could not wait and, therefore, cancelled the order, which was for six vessels of $16 million each.”
“Though Shipping Corp has cancelled its order, we plan to go ahead to build these ships, as we do not see any dearth of buyers for these offshore supply ships in the market,” said Datar. “After we receive the first Rs 650 crore, we will have to complete some orders and only after that will we be given the next amount of Rs 650 crore working capital loan, making it a total of Rs 1,300 crore.”
In 2007, it had got a 12-ship order from Thailand’s Precious Shipping. It was unable to deliver and, eventually, the Thai company cancelled it.
“Overall, there are enough orders but everything is now linked to completion,” said Datar.
ABG is into making of small and mid-sized vessels and has a record of building 10-12 in a year. It is going to take a while for ABG to translate its order book into revenue. From the time of an order received to completion, a shipbuilder typically takes a minimum of 18 months to a maximum of 36 months, said analysts.

Govt strips NPPA of powers to cap non-essential medicines pricesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Euro zone growth slows as Chinese factory in...Euro zone growth slows as Chinese factories trundle on
By Reuters | 23 Sep, 2014, 04.17PM IST
0
Share More
In China, signs of a weakening labour market reinforced expectations that authorities in Beijing would further relax financing conditions in coming weeks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON/BEIJING: Euro zone business growth dipped to a 2014 low in September as firms again cut prices, while factory activity in China picked up only slightly, surveys showed, keeping the spotlight on policymakers' plans for economic stimulus.
The data seems sure to dishearten the European Central Bank, struggling to spur growth and revive disconcertingly low inflation and whose head Mario Draghi again raised prospects on Monday of using extra unconventional measures if needed.
In China, signs of a weakening labour market reinforced expectations that authorities in Beijing would further relax financing conditions in coming weeks.
"The Chinese number beat expectations but it's not really going anywhere," said Peter Dixon, senior economist at Commerzbank. "It's indicative of an economy that doesn't have a lot of momentum behind it. It's doing okay but we would be looking for a bit more strength."
The HSBC/Markit Flash China PMI rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2. Economists polled by Reuters had expected factory growth to stall at 50.0, citing deteriorating business confidence and the growing drag from the cooling property market.
Markit's Eurozone Composite Flash Purchasing Managers' Index, based on surveys of thousands of companies across the region and seen as a good indicator of growth, dipped to a nine-month low of 52.3, shy of expectations in a Reuters poll for no change from August's 52.5.
INFLATION OUTLOOK POOR
The index has been above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction since July 2013.
But Markit said the latest survey pointed to third-quarter economic growth of just 0.3 per cent - not enough to generate strong inflation.
"This survey does nothing to alter the picture of a struggling euro zone economy, intensifying the pressure on governments and the ECB to provide more policy support," said Jennifer McKeown, senior economist at Capital Economics.
Growth ground to a halt in the bloc in the last quarter as Germany's economy shrank and France's stagnated, and the ECB surprised markets earlier this month by cutting benchmark lending and deposit rates further and said it would buy asset-backed securities and covered bonds.
Notwithstanding Draghi's remarks on Monday, no more changes to policy are expected when the Governing Council meets next week.
Consumer inflation in the 18 countries sharing the euro rose to just 0.4 per cent year-on-year in August, slightly higher than July's 0.3 per cent but staying so far below the ECB's 2 per cent target ceiling that it was not enough to radically alter the outlook.
According to the PMIs, firms cut prices again this month - although not as steeply as they did in August. The composite output price index rose to 49.2 from 48.9 but has now been below the 50-mark for a full 2-1/2 years and the discounting may still not be paying off.
The manufacturing PMI for Germany, Europe's largest economy, slumped to 50.3, its lowest reading since June 2013 and below all forecasts in a Reuters poll of 32 economists. Its services PMI however blew out the top end of forecasts.
A service industry PMI for France, the bloc's second-biggest economy, sank to 49.4 after just two months in growth territory.
"The German economy is still ticking along at a reasonable rate of growth but it's by no means impressive. The overall picture for France when you put this all together is another quarter of stagnation at best," Chris Williamson, Markit's chief economist said.
JOB LOSS
Shares were on course for a third day of losses on Tuesday after the downbeat European data, though the Chinese factory survey gave commodities a break from recent selling.
"We still expect some more measures (from Beijing authorities) to support growth, such as stimulating infrastructure investment, relaxing property market policies and some more monetary easing steps," said Louis Kuijs, an economist at RBS in Hong Kong.
Bets against overt policy easing are in line with remarks by senior leaders including Finance Minister Lou Jiwei, who said over the weekend that China would not dramatically alter its policy based on any one indicator.
But the government's promises to desist from ramping up credit supply are increasingly being tested by a run of data showing that the world's second-biggest economy is sliding into a deeper slowdown.
Tuesday's PMI showed a measure of employment shed more than a point to drop to 46.9, its lowest since February 2009 during the global financial crisis, when a collapse in exports threw tens of millions of Chinese out of work.
A hefty drop in employment could raise alarm bells for the government, which has indicated it will tolerate slower economic growth below 7.5 per cent for the year as long as employment is not affected.
"The reading is still weak and we believe that the economy has shifted towards 7 per cent year-on-year growth," Credit Agricole economists said in a note to clients.

excellent piece hereTesco turns stale as competitors freshen up ideas
By Richard Anderson Business reporter, BBC News
Stagnant sales, falling profits, boardroom turmoil and now a £250m hole in its profits forecast .
No wonder shoppers and investors alike are questioning what was, until recently, the undisputed king of UK retailing, revered as much for its gargantuan sales as its continual innovation.
So where did it all go wrong?
Innovation
From humble beginnings selling army surplus food in the aftermath of the First World War, Tesco's stranglehold on the UK's food retailing sector began to tighten in the 1990s.
It was one of the first major retailers to understand the power of loyalty cards - not just in boosting sales through discounts but in using vast amounts of customer data to help tailor individual shopping experiences. Tesco's Clubcard has since proved a blueprint for reward schemes countrywide.
It was a pioneer both in introducing smaller convenience stores in towns and cities under the Express and Metro brands, and in differentiating own-label products with its Value and Finest ranges.
Tesco built its dominance in the 1990s on continual innovation
Tesco was also at the forefront of online shopping, understanding the importance of home delivery in the internet age.
In short, it "understood its customers and implemented this understanding on the shop floor," says Neil Saunders at retail research group Conlumino.
"Its marketing was both clear and compelling."
From snapping at the heels of Sainsbury's in the mid-1990s, Tesco's share of the market hit almost a third by 2006, almost twice that of its erstwhile rival. It was opening new stores in the UK at a rapid rate and embarking on a substantial overseas expansion plan that helped it become the world's third largest retailer.
There was, it seemed, no stopping this retail leviathan bent on global domination.
'Startling decline'
And yet things have turned sour remarkably quickly.
Sales have been stagnant for the past four years while pre-tax profits have fallen significantly - to £2.3bn this year from £3.6bn in 2011. Last year, market share fell below 30% consistently for the first time in eight years. Perhaps most worrying of all, Tesco's share price has fallen by more than 40% in the past 12 months.
Investors would normally pile in to a blue riband stock after such a startling decline, but as Garry White, chief investment commentator at Charles Stanley stockbrokers, says, some City investors are already referring to Tesco as a 'value trap' - a bargain stock that fails to perform.
Some reasons for the supermarket's dramatic fall from grace were outside the retailer's control, others less so.
The financial crisis and subsequent recession focused consumers' minds on value and led to the rise of discount chains - primarily Germany's Aldi and Lidl - at the expense of the established UK supermarkets, primarily Tesco.
At the same time, changes in shopping habits meant consumers were less willing to visit large out-of-town hypermarkets - the kind Tesco had invested heavily in - when they could get their groceries delivered at the click of a mouse.
Perhaps more importantly, Tesco became "complacent", according to Mr Saunders.
"It became a bit arrogant about its position, lost its customer focus and stopped innovating."
He also argues the company became too focused on profit and stopped investing in stores and customer service. This lack of investment became all too obvious on the shop floor.
Tesco also lost a lot of money, not to mention management time, on expensive overseas projects such as Fresh and Easy, its failed foray into the lucrative US market.
Finally, the company seems to have lost its way - where once there was a clear vision and identity, now there is indecision and confusion.
As Fraser McKevitt, head of retail and consumer insight at research group Kantar Worldpanel, says: "There has been no big innovation for a long time, while nobody knows what [the company] stands for."
The appointment of marketeer Dave Lewis as chief executive following the short and ultimately unsuccessful reign of Philip Clarke recognises as much.
"Tesco has a major brand problem and Mr Lewis understands brands," says Mr McKevitt.
'Radical solutions'
But what can he do to help Tesco turn the tide in a retail landscape that has changed considerably since the chain's heyday? Not only is the market more fragmented and more competitive, but all grocery retailers have yet to find a way to make good money from online shoppers.
Tesco's attempts to break into the US market with Fresh and Easy failed
Mr Clarke launched a £1bn turnaround plan that did little to convince investors. His successor will need to do more than throw money at the problem.
"Radical solutions are needed," says Rahul Sharma, retail analyst at Neev Capital.
"Tesco's predicament is similar to other major global retailers such as Walmart and Carrefour - it is wedded to its big stores. There are no easy answers."
These stores are not just a major source of profits, he argues, but they are integral to the distribution of home-delivered goods.
Simply selling off big stores is not, therefore, an easy solution.
But whatever direction Tesco chooses to go, whether it be reinvigorating both the brand and its big stores, or becoming a more streamlined business focusing on smaller outlets, one thing is certain - it is unlikely to return to its former glory.
"Tesco can be turned around, but it will take a few years," says Mr Saunders.
"However it will never get back to where it was."
For those critics of Tesco, who bemoan its role in ousting local retailers and paying farmers unsustainably low prices for their produce, this is perhaps no bad thing.
More on This Story

Thana Electric Supply Company: AGM on Sep 30  2014Sep 23, 2014, 05.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Thana Electric Supply Company: AGM on Sep 30, 2014
Thana Electric Supply Company has informed that the 64th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Thana Electric Supply Company: AGM on Sep 30, 2014
Thana Electric Supply Company has informed that the 64th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Thana Electric Supply Company Ltd has informed BSE that the 64th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
Set email alert for

Ruttonsha International Rectifier: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 23, 2014, 05.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ruttonsha International Rectifier: Updates on outcome of AGM
Ruttonsha International Rectifier has submitted a copy of the proceedings of 45th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 22, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ruttonsha International Rectifier: Updates on outcome of AGM
Ruttonsha International Rectifier has submitted a copy of the proceedings of 45th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 22, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Ruttonsha International Rectifier Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of 45th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 22, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Marathwada Refractories: Outcome of AGMSep 23, 2014, 05.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Marathwada Refractories: Outcome of AGM
Marathwada Refractories has informed that the 35th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Marathwada Refractories: Outcome of AGM
Marathwada Refractories has informed that the 35th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Marathwada Refractories Ltd has informed BSE that the 35th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
Set email alert for

Tech Mahindra to allot equity sharesTech Mahindra to allot equity shares
GCM Commodity Derivatives: Change in compliance officerGCM Commodity Derivatives: Change in compliance officer
Jolla looking for local partners in India for Sailfish OSJolla looking for local partners in India for Sailfish OS
Rupee seen at 61 against the dollar in near termHi Guest
Rupee seen at 61 against the dollar in near term
The sensitivity of Asian currencies, including the Indian rupee to the US dollar has "fallen" this year and the Indian rupee (INR) is expected to end the year at 61 despite a strong $, a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report says. According to the global financial services major, the $/ INR is likely to end the year at 61 despite a strong $. It has also revised its end-2015 forecast to 60 after factoring in a stronger balance of payments (BoP). "The RBI's range of tolerance for $/INR and its ...

Sharda Cropchem closes at Rs 230.95  up 48% on Day 1Sharda Cropchem closes at Rs 230.95  up 48% on Day 1
Buy Indoco Remedies; target of Rs 355: AnandRathiBuy Indoco Remedies; target of Rs 355: AnandRathi
Skipper: Outcome of AGMSep 23, 2014, 05.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Skipper: Outcome of AGM
Skipper has informed that the 33rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014. Further, the Company has also submitted a copy of Scrutinizer's Report.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Skipper: Outcome of AGM
Skipper has informed that the 33rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014. Further, the Company has also submitted a copy of Scrutinizer's Report.
Post your opinion here
 
Skipper Ltd has informed BSE that the 33rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014. Further, the Company has also submitted to BSE a copy of Scrutinizer's Report.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Hester Biosciences: Outcome of AGMSep 23, 2014, 05.10 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hester Biosciences: Outcome of AGM
Hester Biosciences has informed that the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hester Biosciences: Outcome of AGM
Hester Biosciences has informed that the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Hester Biosciences Ltd has informed BSE that the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Narmada Gelatines: Declaration of Results of e-voting and poll at AGMSep 23, 2014, 05.10 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Narmada Gelatines: Declaration of Results of e-voting and poll at AGM
Narmada Gelatines has informed regarding Declaration of Results of e-voting and poll at 53rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on September 22, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Narmada Gelatines: Declaration of Results of e-voting and poll at AGM
Narmada Gelatines has informed regarding Declaration of Results of e-voting and poll at 53rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on September 22, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Narmada Gelatines Ltd has informed BSE regarding Declaration of Results of e-voting and poll at 53rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on September 22, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Teamchat eyes big firms as clientsTeamchat eyes big firms as clients
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
Instant messaging application for businesses, Teamchat, is targeting a customer base of few hundred big organisations in one year.
“We have about a few dozen customers that are active now and few hundred companies that are piloting. We expect few hundred organisations, each of them may have over 10,000 employees in one year as our customers,” Teamchat Co-founder and CEO Beerud Sheth told PTI.
US-based Teamchat is open for revenue sharing agreement with telecom operators wherein they can act as resellers for the application.
Sheth said the company is in talks with some operators but refused to divulge the names.
Instant messaging apps are popular with individuals but enterprises find them hard to use in a business setting since the messaging apps limit group size and are overwhelming with an excessive number of messages, he said.
“People who have tried to use the apps in a business setting found it very difficult, so we saw an opportunity to solve that problem with the launch of Teamchat,” he added.
Teamchat contains smart messages that automatically aggregate replies and update themselves. For example, when a user posts a poll in the group, the message updates itself automatically with the aggregate result when other group members reply to it.
“Teamchat makes enterprises truly agile by enabling instant, actionable communication across large organisations, without being overwhelmed by message clutter,” Sheth said.
The basic application is free but there are some advanced features like integration, customisation, user management and group management, for which the charges are US $ 2 per user per month.
Teamchat works on all mobile (Android, iOS, Windows Mobile, Blackberry, Firefox etc) and web devices.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

BHEL to build two power plants in TelanganaBhel to build two power plants in Telangana
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 23, 2014 08:43 PM IST
Public sector undertaking Bhel will be executing two thermal projects in Telangana on an engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) basis.
The state government would be entering into a memorandum of understanding with Bhel for the execution of 800-Mw Kothagudem and 1,080-Mw Manuguru thermal power plants.
According to an official press release, a proposal to this effect was made by Bhel chairman and managing director, BP Rao, when he called on chief minister, K Chandrashekar Rao, on Tuesday. The chief minister agreed to the proposal.
The chief minister wanted the projects to be executed within three years. The Bhel chief assured him that the 4x270-Mw Manuguru project would be executed in two years, while the Kothegudem unit would completed within the next three years, the release stated.

The three stages of successful fundraisingThe three stages of successful fundraising
Fundraising
Finance
Fundraising: Love it or hate it, it's key to the success of your new startup.
In the end, fundraising boils down to one thing: You have to tell a story that investors really want to hear.
Fundraising: Love it or hate it, unless you are independently wealthy, it's key to the success of your new startup. When done right, it can lead to lucrative partnerships with angel investors and venture capitalists. Luckily, in my experience, the process of fundraising is always similar. The following steps were most crucial in raising each of my initial angel rounds.
APPROACH FUNDRAISING IN PHASES
8
Say you have an innovative idea for a mobile app, and you need financing to develop and launch it. Fundraising is not a one-time-only event — it consists of several phases that coincide with developmental phases of the business plan. The best strategy is meeting with investors right before or after reaching major milestones. In the mobile app scenario, your developmental/fundraising stages might look like this:
Phase I: You will probably first seek out "seed money" to fund the initial development and product design. A portion of this investment should also go toward marketing efforts to start creating a buzz about the product. You want to entice potential investors for the later stages of your business.
0
Phase II: After the app launches, it's time to inspire an additional group of investors to start or continue to fund the company. Expenses at this phase can include operations, branding, growth, optimization, marketing, brick and mortar headquarters, staffing, traveling to meet investors and promote the product, and hiring social media/community managers to spread the word and attract users.
Phase III: This comes once you have reached a major milestone, like attracting 100,000 users, so you have measurable, quantifiable evidence that there's a need and desire for your app in the marketplace. Use your milestone as leverage for valuation from future investors. By gaining more funding at this juncture, you can continue balancing business development duties with user acquisition. Social media should still play a prominent role in gaining more users. Have community directors initiate intelligent conversations with brand advocates and key influencers like mobile, app, and tech bloggers.
Phase IV: Funding at this stage will allow you to pay for ongoing operations and expenses, marketing, growth, improvements, continued innovation, release of new products and continued development. It can also help foster partnerships for distribution and can eventually lead to an IPO or potential sale of the company.
BE PITCH PERFECT
Whenever you are pitching to investors, keep it short and informative and allow your true passion to shine through. Be careful not to spew out too many numbers and facts — just tell a story. Don't forget to include these elements:
What the company does
What problem the product/service solves
What technology is involved
What the market opportunity is
Why customers will love the product/service
EMBRACE THE POWER OF NETWORKING
As an entrepreneur — but more importantly as a human being — I firmly believe in the importance of people building stronger, deeper and more passionate connections, in business and in life. Networking can be critical to business development as well as our own personal growth.
When we network, we're meeting people in the immediate vicinity. But we're also making potential connections with their networks as well. Investors often want to invest in and with people they know. When someone who has already invested in your company introduces you to other investors they know and respect, it means a lot. Attorneys, corporate professionals, entrepreneurs and brokers can all be great sources for leads on potential investors too.
In the end, fundraising boils down to one thing: You have to tell a story that investors really want to hear. If you can make them believe what you believe, then chances are your story will live on another day. (At least, until the money runs out!)
Andrew Vest is a Chief Problem Solver, entrepreneur, @YEC member and father.

Credit Growth Likely to pick up by Q4: SBICAPYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Credit Growth Likely to pick up by Q4: SBICAP
Published On:                  September 22, 2014                 | Duration: 12 min, 10 sec
Tweet
Divyanshi Dayanand, research analyst, SBICAP Securities says banks' credit growth is expected to pick up by the end of third quarter or in the fourth quarter of the current fiscal. Corporate credit will take time to pick up, and SBICAP is not expecting big numbers any time soon, she said.

Buy Nifty if it stays above 8150: Sukhani22 September 2014
Monday
Big intraday rally in Nifty pushes values towards 8150; Index remains inside trading range; resistance comes around 8150 - buying is suggested if resistance is broken on upside
A big gap down in a bull market is often an invitation to bulls. The message is: buy at lower levels. This worked out today, with support at 8050 holding. Bank Nifty is trading inside a range. A close beyond this range and a follow through on the same direction may decide the next direction in the Index. Trend is very strong in CNX IT. Prices are now trading near the last swing high and at the verge of breakout.
We have ZINC in METAL SECTION. Trend is now down as prices broken below the consolidation. We will discuss the next support level for ZINC. We have STEEL in Sector Focus. Prices are making lower lows. Steel stocks are giving us a shorting opportunity. Stock in focus includes HCLTECH, IDEA, JSWTEEL and TVSMOTOR. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss GBP INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Syrians flood into Turkey as Isis advancesSyrians flood into Turkey as Isis pushes to border towns
By Daniel Dombey in Istanbul and Erika Solomon in Beirut
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a2f402b4-424d-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why You Need to Be Seenreddit
We are living in an increasingly fast-paced world. Personally and professionally, our schedules are filled to the max.  In our offices, we are so consumed with working through the seemingly never-ending volume of work that we can forget to even acknowledge people walking by.
Some intriguing research conducted by Dan Ariely and his colleagues (Emir Kamenica and Drazen Prelec) highlights how powerful and important a simple gesture of acknowledgement can be in terms of our level of engagement and perseverance. They orchestrated a study to examine our willingness to work on a task, depending on the extent to which it is recognized by another party.
To test this idea, Ariely and his team paid participants to complete a simple, repetitive task. Each individual was given a sheet of paper with sequences of letters. Their job was to find ten examples where two consecutive letters (e.g., "gg") appeared in the text. Each sheet completed by the participant needed to be handed to the experimenter to receive their remuneration. The payment schedule was on a sliding scale, however, such that each subsequent sheet completed received a lower amount of money. The primary question of interest for the researchers was to see how long people would engage in this task.
Although everyone received the same instructions, they were placed into one of three groups. In the first, when participants submitted their sheets for payment, the experimenter would look up and then quickly scan their answers before filing them away (e.g., Acknowledged). In another group, the experimenters just took the paper and immediately filed it without reviewing the work (e.g., Ignored). In the last condition, the experimenter would take the completed form without looking at it and immediately put it through the shredder (e.g., Shredder).
As one would expect the researchers were keenly interested to learn what impact, if any, these manipulations had on the willingness of the participants to continue. The results were striking. When comparing the three conditions, those in the Acknowledged condition persevered significantly longer, completing over one-third more sheets of paper in the task than those in the Ignored or Shredder conditions. Interestingly, there was no difference between the completion rates for the Ignored and Shredder groups.
These findings demonstrate the sheer power of acknowledgement when it comes to our work. It is important to point out that the researchers did not do an in depth analysis of the accuracy or quality of the work. It was simply a matter of recognizing the work. Despite the repetitive, and some might say boring, nature of the task, the impact of acknowledgement on the motivation of the participants was profound.
Another important point to be made about these results is that the Shredder condition provided an optimal opportunity to make money with minimal/no effort. Specifically, since the research team was not checking their answers, the participants could simply return to their chairs, wait a brief amount of time and technically hand in a blank sheet of paper. Nobody would know if they even attempted to complete the exercise, since their 'results' were promptly destroyed.
Finally, it is critical to highlight the lack of difference between the Ignored and Shredded conditions. Essentially, ignoring the work of someone else has the same impact as prompting putting it in a shredder.
For executives and for organizations, this research has important implications for how we motivate and engage each other:
1)  Leaders should be aware that our constant state of 'busyness' may make us prone to forget the little things, as we may not look up and even make eye contact when someone brings a file into our office. This research suggests that such behaviours can be toxic when it comes to engaging the people around us. Simply lifting our heads up and making eye contact and perusing the file, even briefly, provides the acknowledgement boost we desperately desire. Better yet, say "thank you" and provide a smile. These non-verbal gestures are invaluable when it comes to maximizing performance.
2)  Employees can also benefit from the above findings. Taking the time to acknowledge the work of the people around us can positively impact their level of motivation. Creating a culture of 'paying it forward' may spur a mutually reinforcing cycle of motivation, which can drive us to reach new heights and persevere, especially in challenging times.
3)  Organizations can sometimes engage in activities/projects that are viewed as pointless. Individuals may feel as though they are engaging in "busy work" that will neither be recognized nor is relevant to the goals of the organization. If the work is not acknowledged in some way, it can seriously undermine future engagement. It also may have the additional and unwanted side effect of creating a culture of cynicism for future initiatives that do provide considerable value. Therefore, it is important that organizations recognize the work being done and its impact on the company's goals.
Maximizing engagement is of paramount importance, particularly in today's increasing competitive and high-stress environment. Most of us are in a race against time, rarely taking a moment to take in the world around us. Heads down, we power through our 'to-do' lists, which replenish themselves each day.
As technology wires us to our work and the wider world around us, we still need personal acknowledgement to feel as though we are truly connected to those with whom we interact. Paying attention to the work and efforts of our colleagues not only provides us with much-needed human connection, it can also heighten their motivation and perseverance. The effort required to recognize and acknowledge others is minimal, and the benefits that an organization can realize make it well worth it.
In the spirit of acknowledgement, I would like to thank you for taking the time to read this column. I would very much welcome your feedback and any experiences you would like to share.
Follow Craig Dowden on Twitter: www.twitter.com/craigdowden
More:

Investing In The Future We Wantreddit
We stand today at the threshold of one of the most significant development challenges of the 21st century: How to feed and nourish 9 billion people by 2050 without destroying the environment, while climate change threatens to significantly diminish crop yields and roll back years of progress.
This means farmers will have to produce as much food over the next 35 years as they have over the past 8,000, with fewer resources and greater constraints.
The challenge is all the more daunting given that three-quarters of the world's poorest people depend almost completely on agriculture for their livelihoods and wellbeing.
Many of these same people are chronically hungry and undernourished, and most of them live in Africa and South Asia, two regions of the world where farming is particularly vulnerable to the devastating impacts of climate change.
Never before in history has agriculture been under such threat, and in such demand.
Simply put, we need to achieve more with less.
This is what is known as total factor productivity, or TFP, which represents the ratio of agricultural outputs to inputs, such as land, labor, water and fertilizer.
According to the Global Harvest Initiative's 2013 Global Agricultural Productivity Report®, if annual TFP growth in Sub-Saharan Africa continues at an average rate of one percent -- the trend over much of the past decade -- the continent will be able to fulfill only 25 percent of its food needs in 2030.
At the same time, we need to bolster crops and livestock so that they can not only survive harsh weather, but thrive under severe heat, drought and floods.
And we need to transform agriculture from being a carbon emitter to being a carbon sink.
It's a huge task. And without substantial investment in agricultural research, addressing these challenges will not only be difficult, but impossible.
That's why CGIAR -- the only global agricultural research body that focuses the best scientific minds in the world on finding solutions for poor farmers, fishers and foresters in developing countries -- is committed to redoubling its efforts to ramp up funding for its ambitious research agenda.
By investing in and harnessing the power of cutting-edge agricultural science and technology, we can achieve a quantum leap forward in productivity and radically transform how our food is grown, safeguarding critical natural resources, reducing agriculture's environmental footprint, and lifting people out of poverty and hunger.
This is not wishful thinking.
Jeema Purty, a farmer in the Indian state of Odisha, is growing a drought-tolerant rice variety known as Sahbhagi dhan, meaning "rice developed through collaboration." When Jeema started growing it, her harvests improved greatly and she was able to sell surplus grain at market. She re-invested her rice earnings and began growing vegetables, providing a more nutritious diet for her children.
In Africa, drought tolerant maize developed by CGIAR and its partners has increased farmers' yields by 20-30 percent, benefiting over 20 million people in 13 countries.
In the Sahel, a climate-smart agroforestry practice that integrates food crops with trees that draw nitrogen from the air and transfer it to the soil has increased harvests by up to 400 percent, while capturing carbon and reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
Despite these achievements, we need to do more and we need to do better.
But we certainly can't do it alone. Capitalizing on the vast potential of agricultural research calls for collective action, pooled resources and strategic partnerships.
That's why, at the CGIAR Development Dialogues ' "Investing for Impact" forum later this week, we're inviting a range of partners to join us in pursuing this commitment -- a commitment that will enable real results; a commitment that's vital to the future of humanity and our planet.
More:

Dr. Jonathan WadsworthLike
1
Dr. Jonathan Wadsworth, the Executive Secretary of the CGIAR Fund Council and Head of the Fund Office, has led the CGIAR through its strongest period of growth and change, with annual funding doubling from $500 million to $1 billion over the last five years. A livestock scientist by training, Dr. Wadsworth has spent most of his career in the field, working to develop and disseminate life-saving agricultural technologies to the farmers who need them most. He spent decades designing and implementing projects across the global south, until DFID asked him to direct its investments in agricultural research. There, he laid the groundwork for reforming the CGIAR, and eventually was appointed to lead it.
Entries by Dr. Jonathan Wadsworth
Investing in the Future We Want
(1) Comments | Posted September 22, 2014 | 2:32 PM
We stand today at the threshold of one of the most significant development challenges of the 21st century: How to feed and nourish 9 billion people by 2050 without destroying the environment, while climate change threatens to significantly diminish crop yields and roll back years of progress.
This means...

Who Gets Rich Harvesting Burger King and the American Economyreddit
As fast-food workers across the country strike for decent pay , Burger King is still preparing to abandon the U.S. as its home country. How does a burger company get flipped like this and who gets rich when it happens?
Burger King is a company whose products encourage obesity, heart disease and diabetes in its customers and pays its employees so little that they require food stamps and other government assistance just to be able to sustain themselves. Now Burger King is asking us to swallow something even unhealthier than their food and lower than their pay. They are asking us to let them off from paying many of the taxes that sustain the very infrastructure, courts, education system and food safety system that enables them to stay in business -- even the trademark system that keeps others from using the name "Burger King" or calling their product a "Whopper®."
The company has been stripped, financialized and any remaining value is ultimately being moved across the border. The story of what is happening with Burger King is the story of what American capitalism and its financial speculation has been and is doing to the American economy. It is being done to the company and to us by the financiers. In this case it is names like Goldman Sachs, TGP Capital, Bain Capital, 3G Capital -- all playing games with Burger King, other companies the American economy and our lives. And the latest plunderer, Bill Ackman and his Pershing Square Capital Management, is a financial manipulator who when he sees a company's carcass worth plundering, goes after it -- even if it involves betting on a company's stock going down and then working to drive the company into the ground.
Burger King Called a Financial Company, Not Really a Fast-Food Outlet
Burger King is not really a fast-food restaurant company. In reality, it has been turned into a financialized company, receiving most ( more than 80 percent ) of its revenue from franchise fees and property revenue.
In 2012 The New York Times' Joe Nocera wrote about this flipping financialization of Burger King, in " Burger King, the Cash Cow ":
Burger King has long been an enrichment scheme for clever financiers, who have sucked hundreds of millions of dollars out of it over the years.
... Financial engineering has been part of the Burger King story for so long that it's hard to believe there is still anything worth plucking from its carcass. "It's been run as a cash cow for Wall Street," said Bob Goldin, an executive vice president of Technomic, a food service consulting firm. Along the way it's had 13 chief executives in 25 years , numerous strategy shifts and marketing campaigns -- and has been constantly starved for cash. But, hey, the private equity guys got theirs. And isn't that what really matters?
Nocera describes how the company changed hands and changed hands and changed hands -- a London conglomerate, then a London liquor company -- and then along came Goldman Sachs and private equity firms TGP Capital and Bain Capital.
Their $1.5 billion purchase price included only $210 million of their own money; the rest was borrowed. They immediately began taking out tens of millions of dollars in fees. Four years later, they took Burger King public. But, first, they rewarded themselves with a $448 million dividend. In all, according to The Wall Street Journal , "the firms received $511 million in dividend, fees, expense reimbursements and interest" -- while still retaining a 76 percent stake.
Then they sold to yet another private equity firm, 3G Capital for $3.3 billion, of which Nocera said, "... the original private equity troika reaped a fortune by selling a company that was in nearly as much trouble as it had been when they first bought it. Surely this represents the apotheosis of financial engineering."
"Going the Way of a Lot of American Corporations"
Former Secretary of Labor Robert Reich recently discussed the financialization of Burger King on All In with Chris Hayes , saying,
"Burger King is going the way of a lot of American corporations. They used to be businesses set up to do something, like provide hamburgers. It's now a finance company. All American companies are becoming financial companies. ... It's not that they are investing more money in jobs. In fact this finance company that owns burger king, their reputation is that they buy companies, slash payrolls, squeeze customers, squeeze as much profit as you possibly can get out of it and now their reputation is going to be you also go abroad to get lower taxes. ... The people who are the big winners obviously are these private equity types. They are treating Burger King as a poker chip"
A "Poker Chip," Not a Restaurant
Burger King is so much more a financial "play" -- a poker chip to be flipped -- than a company that actually makes and sells something, that its recent owners didn't even try the food before buying the restaurant chain. To illustrate this "poker chips" nature of how Burger King is flipped, after 3G Capital bought them in 2010, one of 3G's principals "ate his first Burger King hamburger only after acquiring the company and commented that he found it too big." And the person 3G put in charge of Burger King?
"What's important is not knowing hamburgers, it's knowing how to lead a company," says Paulo Veras, an Internet entrepreneur who for several years led one of the trio's foundations. "It's the kind of intelligence that transcends any specific business segment."
3G laid off much of the staff at BK's headquarters in Miami and cut expenses but did nothing to increase BK's business. They "refranchised" by selling off almost all of its company-owned outlets, and increased the number of franchises to about 14,000. (Partly to shed the costs of being responsible for employees -- see The NLRB's "McDonald's Ruling Is A Big Win For Low-Wage Workers." )
As part of its financialization the company has already been structured to avoid taxes, including using non-US transactions to push income around. In Burger King has maneuvered to cut U.S. tax bill for years , Reuters reports that,
"Burger King generated almost 60 percent of its revenues in the United States between 2011 and 2013, regulatory filings show, but the chain reported just 20 percent of its profits in the country over the period. [. . .] Burger King's low reported U.S. profit translates to domestic profit margins of just an average 4 percent between 2011-2013 - a fifth of the level it recorded in overseas markets in that time."
The company now owns only 52 restaurants. According to the Reuters report, the company owns these the "in the Miami area near the company's current headquarters so it can test new food offerings and other changes to the way it operates."
Bill Ackman and Pershing Square Capital Management
You might have heard that Warren Buffett has a stake in financing the Burger King inversion. But there's another player involved in the Burger King story, a hedge fund named Pershing Square Capital Management, run by Bill Ackman. As Joe Nocera exlained in the article cited above, Burger King, the Cash Cow , the financial schenanigans began in ernest. He wrote, "Three financiers, including William Ackman, the well-known shareholder activist, put together a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC -- a vehicle that allows them to raise money, buy a company and take it public without the hassle of an I.P.O. The SPAC then bought a stake in Burger King, though 3G is still in charge."
Bill Ackman is what they call an "activist investor."  Nathan Vardi at Forbes explains what this means, in Bill Ackman Sues America ,
In the last year or so, hedge fund billionaire William Ackman has tried to destroy a company that sells diet shakes, played a prominent role in nearly driving a 112-year-old retailer into the ground, helped launch a hostile takeover of a pharmaceutical company in a way that the Securities & Exchange Commission is reportedly examining for potential violation of insider trading law , accused George Soros ' family office of insider trading, and fought and made up with Carl Icahn . Now, Ackman is suing the U.S. government.
Ackman's suit against the US government involves the purchase of about half a billion dollars of common stock in Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac . Even though these shares have risen approximately 50 percent, Pershing is suing the government, claiming profits from the companies should go to shareholders instead of to repay the government for providing $188 billion to bail the companies out in 2008.
Ackman's targets have included companies like Botox-maker Allergan, which accuses his firm of violating complicated insider trading laws by buying up shares while knowing that another company, Valeant, would launch a hostile takeover of its own. Another Ackman target was JC Penny, with Ackman's Pershing Capital buying a major stake in the retailer and implementing a strategy that failed terribly, eventually costing 19,000 employees their jobs.
Ackman is also accused of "shorting" Herbalife stock, placing a huge bet that the stock would go down and then launching a PR blitz claiming the company is a pyramid scheme that many claim was done in order to knock down the price of its stock. (Ackman's Pershing Square will make $400 million if they can drive the price of Herbalife stock down $20 by Jan. 15, 2015.) The New York Times reported, "Yet Mr. Ackman's staff acknowledges that this crusade is really rooted in one goal: finding a way to undermine public confidence in Herbalife so that his $1 billion bet will produce an equally enormous return."
Nathan Vardi writes at Forbes of Ackman's wrath against the legal efforts of companies he goes after, in Hedge Fund Billionaire Bill Ackman Bashes Lawyers ,
" ... activist hedge fund billionaire William Ackman has focused most of his attacks on Herbalife, the seller of diet shakes that Ackman says is 'a criminal enterprise' run by 'a predator' CEO, Michael Johnson.  . . .  Ackman ... is criticizing the lawyers who are hired by the corporations that Ackman and his fellow band of activist investors launch campaigns against -- Wall Street lawyers who make their living defending companies from Ackman."
This is in response to an attorney complaining to the Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) that activist investors like Ackman "are short-term investors who force companies to sacrifice long-term gain in order to engineer an immediate investment return for themselves."
In 2012 Ackman saw an opportunity to give Burger King one more fleecing and the company's real financial shenanigans began.  While flying by he saw a carcass that hadn't been completely picked yet. Ackman engineered a "reverse merger" with a "special purpose acquisition company (SPAC)" called Justice Holdings. Justice Holdings existed only to acquire companies, making them public. Before acquiring Burger King the company was listed on the London stock exchange. But with the merger it cancelled that listing and re-listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the name "Burger King."
Picking on the remains of Burger King has been very good to Ackman.  BloombergBusinessWeek described how good, in Ackman's Pershing Square Makes $203 Million on Burger King . On the day the inversion takeover of Tim Horton's was announced Perhing's stake in Burger King gains about $203 million.
But Ackman and others aren't paying big taxes on this deal. Normally an inversion is considered a taxable event by the IRS. The shares are changing hands, and the shareholders are subjected to a tax on their gains -- often without receiving cash to cover the resulting taxes. Robert Wood explains at Forbes that most inversions are taxable events, but this one let's shareholders choose to receive "units" in a new Canadian partnership or regular common stock in the combined company. Choosing the partnership lets them defer taxes until later.   However, as Wood goes on the explain, in this deal there are only so many "partnership units" and the big guys -- 3G Capital and Bill Ackman -- will probably snap them up, leaving other Burger King shareholders with a big tax bill.
Bloomberg elaborates, in Burger King Backers to Avoid U.S. Anti-Inversion Penalty ,
The group of investors who control Burger King Worldwide Inc. (BKW) are using an unusual strategy to avoid the tax penalty that normally applies to shareholders of companies that shift their legal address out of the U.S. ... Rather than take shares in the new combined Canadian company, 3G Capital, an investment fund with offices in New York and Rio de Janeiro, will swap its majority stake in Burger King for interests in a related Canadian partnership that can be converted into stock, the companies said in a statement today.
Do State Pension Funds Believe in Burger King Inversion?
One source of the big money that drives hedge funds like Pershing Capital is public pension funds. These funds are taking on the extra risk that goes with looking for higher earnings. Hedge funds and private equity promise enormous returns as they harvest companies and strip what's left of the carcass of the American economy.
Corporations like Burger King are leaving the country to dodge their taxes. But it is taxes that provide the pay the wages of the public employees who fund and rely on public pension funds.  So what do these pension funds have to say about this?
Public pension funds in New Jersey, Arkansas, Massachusetts, and maybe other states, are involved in Ackman's Pershing Square Burger King financial game.
New Jersey : "Pershing Square now manages $14.7 billion, up from $11.2 billion a year ago, for wealthy clients and pension funds, including New Jersey's state retirement fund and the Arkansas Teacher Retirement System."
Arkansas : ""When you are with the best of the best, there is no being excited about these numbers," George Hopkins, executive director at Arkansas Teacher Retirement System, said of the returns. "It just confirms what you already knew. Brilliant people will make you money over time."
Possibly Massachusetts : "New York-based Arden has won the $5.2 billion mandate to provide hedge fund advisory services for the $58 billion pension fund, which already invests with prominent funds like William Ackman's Pershing Square Capital Management, Dan Och's Och-Ziff Capital Management."
What are public pension funds doing putting money into these hedge finds that are engaging in such economically destructive activities? Not only are there terrible human and societal costs, but what about the risk? The reason there is a higher return is that there is a higher risk, and in some cases the risks are much higher.
Hedge funds are thought to be high-return instruments for the wealthy and financially savvy, but this is because of the occasional high-return play that makes the news. However, in " Hedge Funds Are for Suckers ," Bloomberg explains why hedge funds are often just high-fee, low-performance investments. As BusinessWeek explains in " Public Pensions Cannot Stop Chasing Performance ," "The average hedge fund return for public pensions was 3.6 percent for the three years ended March 31, a period when returns from stocks were up more than 10 percent." Unfortunately, "...  for all the griping about hedge funds' high costs and lousy performance, it doesn't appear pension funds have learned their lesson: They are maintaining their investment in private equity, in some cases, even expanding it."
So far the pension funds are remaining silent on the issue. In the NY Times' Dealbook, " Public Pension Funds Stay Mum on Corporate Expats ,"
Many of the nation's largest public pension funds -- managing trillions of dollars on behalf of police and fire departments, teachers and others -- have major stakes in American companies that are seeking to renounce their corporate citizenship in order to lower their tax bill.
As Burger King Goes...
The original reason We the People enabled, through our laws, these things called "corporations" was for our benefit. Why else would We the People have done this? We provided the roads, schools, courts and the rest of the physical and social infrastructure that enable a company like Burger King to prosper. But we let private capital instead of We the People pocket the return on the investment in the companies that infrastructure enables. The deal was supposed to be that in exchange We the People would receive good products and services with good warranties and good customer service. We would receive good jobs with good benefits. And we would receive a share of that return through taxes in order to invest forward in that infrastructure to keep the virtuous circle going. But that deal has been broken.
Burger King is only one more example of the destructive way that American capitalism has morphed into a destructive machine. The company has repeatedly been, as Mitt Romney so eloquently put it, " harvested " to squeeze value out. The company's already-low-wage (and therefore taxpayer subsidized) employees are shed and accounting schemes are invented to rig the books to make it look like the distant owners bear few responsibilities. Eventually new private equity and hedge fund companies sense a bit more meat on the carcass and the company again trades hands as new owners swoop down to pick at it. The product, customers and country matter not a whit -- one buyer only tasted the restaurant chain's product after buying the company, and didn't even like it.
Finally, in the end, the enterprise is moved outside of our borders in a scheme to dodge our efforts to collect even the smallest share of what is due us. Just like what is happening to the rest of our economy.
Follow Dave Johnson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dcjohnson
More:

Roger Federer to play for Indian franchise in ITPLFederer replaces injured Nadal in new league
By By Amlan Chakraborty | Reuters –  Mon 22 Sep, 2014
Switzerland's Roger Federer waves as he arrives for his Davis Cup semi-final …
By Amlan Chakraborty
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Rafa Nadal has withdrawn from the inaugural International Premier Tennis League (IPTL) but the organisers pulled off a coup on Monday by naming Swiss maestro Roger Federer as replacement for the injured Spaniard.
Fourteen times grand slam winner Nadal dealt a big blow to the fledgling tournament by pulling out of the Indian franchise citing 'health problems'.
"When you are talking of profile as high as Rafa Nadal, there was probably only one name that could have helped ease the pain and for us fortunately Roger was available and we made it happen," IPTL founder Mahesh Bhupathi told reporters.
"Rafa has been hurt since Wimbledon, he has not played any tennis. So obviously there was a risk there, in the format we have neither party wanted to take a chance.
Nadal, who has a 23-10 head-to-head lead against Federer, missed the U.S. Open last month after failing to recover from a right wrist injury he sustained in practice.
"I am very disappointed to announce that I will not be part of the first edition of the IPTL," Nadal, 28, said in a statement from the organisers.
"I was looking forward to representing Indian Aces and playing in front of fans in New Delhi in the exciting new League.
"I wish the team the very best and hope to be back next year."
Getting Federer on board was all the more satisfying for the organisers as the Swiss great, the winner of a record 17 grand slam titles, had initially appeared apprehensive of the league.
"Earlier on, when I was talking to the players a year and half ago, Roger was expecting his set of twins. I don't think he could be making too many commitments at that point," Bhupathi, the Indian doubles specialist, added.
"Obviously now he is very sure about his schedule and we are very happy to have him play for India."
Federer joins retired American Pete Sampras, winner of 14 grand slam titles, in the Indian franchise of the four-team event, scheduled to be played from Nov. 28 to Dec. 13.
"I'm really looking forward to making my first trip to New Delhi and playing for the Micromax Indian aces," Federer said in a recorded message.
Philippines, Singapore and the United Arab Emirates are home to the other teams and will each host a leg of the competition, styled on cricket's Indian Premier League and offering $1 million prize money.
Men's world number one Novak Djokovic, his women's counterpart Serena Williams, Andy Murray, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and former women's top-ranked players Maria Sharapova, Ana Ivanovic and Caroline Wozniacki have also confirmed their participation.
The teams will compete in men's and women's singles, men's and mixed doubles and a men's legends singles with one set per match, and no advantage scoring.
Speaking on the tournament's viability, Bhupathi said he expected the franchisees in India and Philippines to break even earlier, maybe in the next two or three years.
"Each team is going to be different. I think India and Manila will probably break even before Dubai and Singapore because these are the markets where these kind of stars have not been seen before.
"Singapore and Dubai are mature markets. Singapore has WTA Championship there and Dubai has Dubai Open."
IPTL chief operating officer Eric Gottschalk said the league might feature a fifth Asian franchise next year.
"We are trying to add one more team next year and possibly the maximum we can have is eight teams by maybe 2017-18," he added.
The Delhi leg of the IPTL is scheduled from Dec 6-8.
Recommend

Starbucks testing beer-flavored latteLucky Europeans. These meringue-based confections are available at McDonald's locations throughout France and Austria.
Lucky Europeans. These meringue-based confections are available at McDonald's locations throughout France and Austria. (McDonald's)
Caption Sugar Donut - United Kingdom
McDonald's
The Brits and their brethren can grab this sweet treat for breakfast or dessert at McDonald's throughout the U.K.
The Brits and their brethren can grab this sweet treat for breakfast or dessert at McDonald's throughout the U.K. (McDonald's)
Caption Chicken Schnitzel Mayo Roll -- Australia
McDonald's Australia
Golden chicken schnitzel coated with light, crispy crumbs, topped off with tangy citrus mayo on a toasted sourdough roll.
Golden chicken schnitzel coated with light, crispy crumbs, topped off with tangy citrus mayo on a toasted sourdough roll. (McDonald's Australia)
See more galleries
Caption McAloo Tikki -- India
In India, Aloo tikki is basically a spiced potato croquette -- from the Indian words for potato and croquette. McDonald's adds the lettuce, tomato, sauce, bun and, of course, the Mc for a rough take on a traditional snack.
In India, Aloo tikki is basically a spiced potato croquette -- from the Indian words for potato and croquette. McDonald's adds the lettuce, tomato, sauce, bun and, of course, the Mc for a rough take on a traditional snack.
See more galleries
McDonald's food you can't get here
It's been 59 years since McDonald's became synonymous with burgers and fries in the U.S. Now it has more than 34,000 stores in 118 countries. Here's what you can find at Mickey D's around the world:
McDonald's food you can't get here
It's been 59 years since McDonald's became synonymous with burgers and fries in the U.S. Now it has more than 34,000 stores in 118 countries. Here's what you can find at Mickey D's around the world:
The company, which regularly tests food and drinks in its stores, has no information to share on the future availability of the dark barrel latte, the spokeswoman said.
Milk shakes made with Guinness, a popular Irish dry stout, ice cream and chocolate sauce often appear on special menus at bars and restaurants around the time of the U.S. St. Patrick's Day holiday in March.
 

SEC to pay $30 million in largest-ever whistleblower awardU.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
An anonymous tipster living abroad will be receiving more than $30 million, in the largest whistleblower award ever doled out by U.S. securities regulators as part of a program that aims to incentivize insiders to report wrongdoing.
The Securities and Exchange Commission said on Monday that the whistleblower provided crucial information that helped investigators uncover a “difficult to detect” ongoing fraud.
Have Dodd-Frank Regulations Hurt U.S. Recovery?
Sept. 22 (Bloomberg) -- American Bankers Association CEO Frank Keating discusses the impact of Dodd-Frank banking regulations on the U.S. economy. He speaks on ¿Bloomberg Surveillance.¿ (Source: Bloomberg)
Sept. 22 (Bloomberg) -- American Bankers Association CEO Frank Keating discusses the impact of Dodd-Frank banking regulations on the U.S. economy. He speaks on ¿Bloomberg Surveillance.¿ (Source: Bloomberg)
See more videos
“This record-breaking award sends a strong message about our commitment to whistleblowers and the value they bring to law enforcement,” SEC Enforcement Director Andrew Ceresney said.
The SEC won new powers in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law to entice whistleblowers with monetary awards. Prior to the new law, the SEC was only able to reward people for helping on insider-trading cases.
The new program lets the SEC pay a whistleblower who provides tips and original information that leads to an enforcement action with sanctions that exceed $1 million.
The SEC can award a whistleblower anywhere between 10 percent and 30 percent of the money the agency collects.
Good thing the whistleblower lives overseas, it'll make his life easier cause he won't have to worry nearly as much about retaliation. Barry's regime is the most unfriendly when it comes to whistleblowing.
Jackie Puppet

Building Cross-Cultural Bridges to Create Happinessreddit
As more and more emerging markets reach economic independence, millions of people are being pulled out of poverty. Access to clean, drinking water available on tap or toilets with secure sewage systems are positive steps that are easy to measure and quantify. Prosperity tends to make people happy, at least to a certain level. In a compilation of 100 university studies that I read this summer on the topic of happiness, researchers from 50 different countries point to the fact that using the GDP of a nation or the net income of an individual to assess the level of happiness people experience is entirely misleading. Money does NOT guarantee happiness. In fact, according to a study conducted in Island by Dóra Gudrún Gudmundsdóttir , our revenue accounts for only 4% of our happiness. This explains why there are so many depressed and unhappy people in rich countries.
In the classes we teach through our Global Awareness Program (G.A.P.), we talk about the necessity to find a good work-life balance. This topic is of utmost relevance to people who work across time zones, as Sundays in the Americas are already Mondays in the Far East, evenings can be mornings somewhere else and the urge to respond to queries that hit employees' inboxes at all times is hard to resist and often encouraged. As a result, people tend to work all the time and many of them complain heavily about this new technology-induced environment that seems to suck the blood out of them and leave them...unhappy. So, if research shows that revenue only accounts for 4% of our happiness, then what drives the remaining 96%? In that same compilation of research, put together by Leo Bormans to create " The World Book of Happiness ," Richard Layard states that the factor that plays the biggest role when it comes to people's happiness is the quality of one's interpersonal relationships and the level of trust we are able to develop in each other. These findings are extremely relevant to the work we do as global "bridgers" and it is something that I have intuitively known for a long time. However, I did not realize until I read that book how crucial and fundamental those elements are to our psychological well-being.
This being said, if building trust and establishing relationships are the foundation of our happiness, succeeding in doing so across cultures is quite tricky as people do not automatically anchor their trust in the same values. Richard Lewis, the leading cross-cultural expert in which we base our training and consulting services, has identified that to build trust with someone from a linear culture, such as the United States or Germany, being direct, punctual, following through and being law-abiding will be necessary. Displaying those values when interacting with someone from Brazil will however not automatically lead towards trust building, as multi-active people crave other values, such as paying attention to their emotions, being family-oriented and mindful of the existing hierarchy while favoring a less direct communication. Reactive cultures on the other hand, such as China or Vietnam build trust by displaying great courtesy towards one another, being mindful of the common obligations shared as a society, being indirect in communicating, which contributes to preserving the collective harmony of the group. Because each of us is the by-product of the culture that raised us, we are by default siloed and blind-sided by our own values, unconsciously and wrongly assuming that what rings true to one, what is self-evident and well-known within our tribe is also self-evident across cultures. And because culture conditions every aspect of our lives, it is very difficult to remain aware of its invisible impact when interacting with people who have not been culturally conditioned the way we have.
Knowing that our happiness heavily relies on building trust and meaningful relationships, knowing that a considerable amount of our time is spent at work and in the case of a growing population interacting across cultures when at work, it is essential to develop the skills that will allow us to better understand one another by meeting the culturally different person half-way. Imagine a world where instead of judging a person based on the differences he or she projects when interacting with us, we would question the validity of our own positioning, pausing to assess if those differences could be culturally rooted.  I challenge you to give it a try: for the next three weeks, each time you feel disappointment creeping in when interacting with someone from a different culture, question your assumption: did that person receive the same rules of conduct than you have? Does that person share your values? Your priorities? By forcing your brain to slow down, to pause and not automatically rely on its pre-existing frames of references, you will start looking at situations, conversations, and interactions differently. You will give yourself an opportunity to build trust with people who previously had a hard time earning it from you. You will be able to develop meaningful relationships with people you did not automatically care about and through that process you will find you become H-A-P-P-I-E-R!
Follow Valerie Berset-Price on Twitter: www.twitter.com/professionalpas
More:

Valerie Berset-PriceGET UPDATES FROM Valerie Berset-Price
 
Like
8
With more than 15 years of international business development experience as a dual citizen of Switzerland and the United States, Valérie Berset-Price leads a global team of experts in cultural intelligence and international trouble shooting.
Valérie is an international business expert for the Huffington Post, the Vancouver Business Journal, Training Magazine and other trade publications. She has lectured at Portland State University, the University of San Diego and Oklahoma State University.
Before heading her own firm, Valérie worked for Swiss, Taiwanese, South African, French, Brazilian and U.S. companies. Valérie is fluent in English, French and Spanish and conversant in German and Portuguese.
Valérie’s Global Awareness Training Program (G.A.P.), which focuses on effective communication for multicultural distributed teams, has been implemented in North and South America, Europe and Asia. Valérie is a graduate of the Swiss International Business School and the Monterey Institute of International Studies.
Entries by Valerie Berset-Price
Building Cross-Cultural Bridges to Create Happiness
(1) Comments | Posted September 22, 2014 | 3:17 PM
As more and more emerging markets reach economic independence, millions of people are being pulled out of poverty. Access to clean, drinking water available on tap or toilets with secure sewage systems are positive steps that are easy to measure and quantify. Prosperity tends to make people happy, at least...
The Global Mindset, the Esperanto of International Business?
(3) Comments | Posted May 28, 2013 | 8:54 AM
Yesterday, I taught a workshop on cultural intelligence to a group of consultants from all around the world. In my class was a lovely lady from Germany who told me that she wrote a book on the international language of business that would soon be translated into English. When I...
This Is How They Hijacked My Country
(210) Comments | Posted February  4, 2013 | 6:23 PM
You may have seen it -- an email circulates and tells you Switzerland ranks No. 3 in the world when it comes to gun ownership. The email goes on to tell everyone that gun ownership is the reason Switzerland remains safe and stable. The email implies that without its guns,...
Don't Pull the Plug Too Fast
(1) Comments | Posted December 20, 2012 | 12:52 PM
As the year draws to an end, I am contemplating the biggest obstacles my clients have had and the root cause of their failures in the international arena. Interestingly, several cases can be linked to the cultural misconception that time must be accounted for in a similar fashion internationally rather...
Are We On the Right Track?
(0) Comments | Posted October  6, 2012 | 1:14 PM
The debate on foreign policy in the final presidential debate left me numb; the world is in full ebullition, but pertinent topics were unfortunately left off the table. President Obama, however, alluded at the fact that the United States is leading a coalition effort to provide economic stability to the...
Searching For A Happy Medium
(0) Comments | Posted August  1, 2012 | 5:11 PM
For most entrepreneurs business is all about ebb and flow. As I look back and consider my consulting clients for the past six months, I realize that among the companies that seek out my expertise, social entrepreneurs are becoming more and more numerous. The differences between my corporate and my...
Social Entrepreneurship Is Good Business
(3) Comments | Posted July 16, 2012 | 11:04 AM
By now we've all heard of global social entrepreneurship and how important it is for companies to do their shares to contribute to building a better world. By now we have also realized that too many companies have joined the social entrepreneurship platform to redeem a damaged image and prove...
Be the Change!
(0) Comments | Posted July  2, 2012 | 11:23 AM
I had an incredible weekend last week. I wish I would have been able to write about it sooner, but it took me a full week to digest my experience. It was SO rich.
It all started with an invitation: "We have this Peace Conference happening in your...
Bon Voyage!
(1) Comments | Posted June 21, 2012 | 5:08 PM
When I started lecturing on the science of managing across cultures at different universities, I began receiving phone calls and emails from students asking lots of different questions related to their potential future in international business. The question I receive the most often is: would you recommend that I enroll...
Corruption, Democracy, and the Search for a Better World
(0) Comments | Posted May  8, 2012 | 4:38 PM
Wal-Mart is making the headlines with the FCPA corruption case it faces in Mexico. But anyone who has been on the ground trying to close business in countries such as Mexico, India, China, Russia, Venezuela, Nigeria and so forth knows corruption is a way of life.
Corruption is so...
'Borders Frequented by Trade Seldom Need Soldiers'
(0) Comments | Posted May  1, 2012 | 6:34 PM
It is true that when it comes to international business and cultural intelligence, I specialize in pointing out what our nation tends to do wrong. Today will be different, ladies and gentlemen. Today, we will take a ride on the positive side of things because I was fed a lot...
Have You Witnessed the Change?
(0) Comments | Posted April 19, 2012 | 10:55 AM
On April 16, the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Possten announced that two Chinese competitors have considered Vestas, a large wind turbine manufacturer headquartered in Sweden, for acquisition. Upon reception of the news, Vestas' shares, listed on the NASDAQ, rose by 9.3 percent.
A few minutes earlier, Alan Weiss, a consulting guru,...
Duty of Care: An Employer's Moral, Social and Legal Responsibility
(0) Comments | Posted March 13, 2012 | 5:43 PM
Not a week goes by without reading about a natural disaster, a coup d'état, a kidnapping, a plane crash, or a terrorist attack. We less often hear about infectious diseases such as malaria or dengue fever, or road and work accidents that take the lives of employees while abroad.
...
China on Your Mind?
(2) Comments | Posted March  1, 2012 | 12:34 PM
Perhaps it's due to the fact that my home base is located on the West Coast of the United States, at the mouth of the Pacific Rim, but I noticed in dealing with new and aspiring exporters that most of them want to sell their products/services to the People's Republic...
Have Skype, Will Do International Business...
(2) Comments | Posted February 14, 2012 | 2:59 PM
Virtual interactions have gained a lot of traction in the past five years, and nowadays companies heavily rely on them to communicate internally with employees scattered all around the world. Some even use virtual communication in an attempt to forge international relationships when venturing into a new region. Virtual interactions...
Going International? Read On...
(2) Comments | Posted February  1, 2012 | 2:12 PM
President Obama said it again in his State of the Union Address: the National Export Initiative is still high on the administration's agenda. While this is great news, I wish more would be done to equip new exporters toward best international business practices. In the international arena, everything differs from...
Building the Case for Business Class Travels
(1) Comments | Posted January 18, 2012 | 2:13 PM
It's very common in the United States for companies to entrust management of their international department to someone who knows how to manage money. More often than not, that person has no international business experience and as such does not understand what type of expenses are necessary for international sales...
The Knee-Jerk Reflex of Internationalization
(1) Comments | Posted January  5, 2012 | 11:00 AM
For American companies of all sizes, 2012 will be remembered as the year that forced them to enter the international chase for market shares. While this should be perceived as a positive action, I foresee a problem that too many of my clients can't pinpoint: their lack of international reflex.
...

Sony PlayStation TV to hit stores October 14Sony PlayStation TV to hit stores October 14
PlayStation TV
Christopher Jue/ EPA
A visitor looks at Sony Computer Entertainment's PlayStation Vita and PS Vita TV during the 2014 Tokyo Game Show.
A visitor looks at Sony Computer Entertainment's PlayStation Vita and PS Vita TV during the 2014 Tokyo Game Show. (Christopher Jue/ EPA)
Reuters
Television PlayStation Amazon.com Inc. MTV  (tv network) Viacom Inc.
PlayStation TV hits stores Oct. 14
Sony Corp said its PlayStation TV set-top box, which allows users to access movies and TV episodes from the PlayStation store, will hit stores in the United States and Canada on Oct. 14.
The price for a standalone PlayStation TV (PS TV) is $99.99, the company wrote in a blog. For $139.99, customers can get a wireless controller, an 8 GB memory card and "The Lego Movie" videogame along with the PS TV.
Around 700 games will be available to PS TV users, including "Metal Gear Solid" and the franchise "Killzone: Mercenary."

Sweep stations on Gandhi Jayanti  rail ministry tells its officialsPrint
Written by Avishek G Dastidar | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:37 am
Top bureaucrats of the Railways Ministry will spend Gandhi Jayanti sweeping stations across the country. The ministry issued a directive in this regard after Prime Minister Narendra Modi said he wants to see cleaner stations and trains. A list of 245 ministry officials, including board members, additional members, executive directors, joint secretaries and directors, have been assigned one station each.
There are more than 7,000 railway stations in India. The officials have been briefed that merely overseeing the work and giving instructions will not do; they have to perform physical labour or, as the ministry put it, “shramdaan”. While Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth has asked officials from all ministries to participate in a cleanliness drive on October 2, for the Railways, the directive assumes greater significance since the ministry is accountable for the cleanliness of all stations and offices under its wing.
Moreover, since Modi has identified railway stations as one of the most unclean public areas in the country, Rail Bhawan officials wanted to send a strong message through this drive, a ministry official said. The ministry will pay for the travel and accommodation of top-level officials, while junior-level workers, who would have otherwise enjoyed a national holiday, are likely to be paid double under the national holiday allowance provision, it is learnt. The staff required to ensure that trains run on time are not required to participate.
Railway Board chairman Arunendra Kumar has issued detailed instructions and a to-do list to all officials. Zonal railways officials have been asked to capture the cleaning process on camera and send the video to the ministry. A “before and after” photo of the station will also have to be submitted.
At the moment, directors, executive directors and additional member-level officials at Rail Bhawan are busy calling up staff at their respective stations to check if arrangements for their arrival have been made. “Make sure you buy a broom for me,” is a common joke doing the rounds, sources said.
“The shramdaan will be organised at stations, trains, tracks, offices, workshops and railway colonies and should involve officers and staff at every level,” said the instructions from the chairman. “The drive shall last the entire day for eight hours,” the instructions added.
Smaller stations have been given an allowance of Rs 1,000 per platform for the drive. More challans than usual are expected to be issued for littering on the particular day. Most board members have chosen stations in or near Delhi, while some have chosen stations in their home towns in other parts of the country for the cleaning drive.
Since the festival of Ashtami also falls on October 2, many officials from the eastern part of the country have expressed difficulty in getting manpower on that day. In the run-up to October 2, Rail Bhawan has already gotten rid of 15 truckloads of office trash lying in the building.
CCTV cameras are also being installed to monitor cleanliness at the office. A peon was punished last week because he spilled tea in the ministry corridor, it is learnt. continued…

Illinois firms keep $100 billion in foreign profit from U.S. tax man18
Deerfield-based Baxter International, a developer and maker of medical products and drugs, has $12.2 billion in foreign earnings that are being continually reinvested overseas, it said in its most recent annual report. If those funds were sent back to the United States, it would face $3.8 billion in federal and state income taxes on that money.
Baxter, in a statement Monday, said it uses overseas profits to fund research and development around the world and to make acquisitions. The company said its decisions "are not made in geographic or operational isolation — an acquisition or expansion in one part of the world can have a direct impact on another part of the world, including the United States.''
Baxter reiterated that if companies are to invest in the U.S. and to remain competitive "we encourage Congress to fundamentally reform the U.S. corporate tax code.''
Other Illinois companies also have money parked overseas.
As of October 2013, Deere & Co. said its foreign subsidiaries had $4.3 billion in earnings that were being "reinvested outside the U.S. indefinitely."
The Moline-based manufacturer also noted in its most recent annual report that in March 2013, it changed the structure of most of its German operations from a branch to a subsidiary. That, in turn, has changed the operations' tax status.
"Formerly, as a branch, these earnings were taxable in the U.S. as earned," Deere disclosed. "As a subsidiary, these earnings will now be taxable in the U.S." when they are paid to the parent company as dividends, the same setup of other foreign subsidiaries of Deere. The earnings of the new German subsidiary remain taxable in Germany, it said.
Deere had no additional comment Monday morning.
Overseas earnings
American companies hold $2.1 trillion in overseas earnings not returned to U.S. Six in Illinois hold a collective $100 billion
Here are the top five U.S. companies and the largest Illinois companies with foreign earnings indefinitely reinvested overseas and not brought back to the United States:
General Electric: $110 billion
*As of June 30 this year, this number grew to $92.9 billion, according to Microsoft.
Pfizer: $69.0 billion

Can batteries replace coal plantsCan batteries replace coal plants?
E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune
Dan Foley, left, founder of Chicago-based energy development firm Glidepath, used to manage Commonwealth Edison’s electrical grid. Chris McKissack, right, is Glidepath’s vice president.
Dan Foley, left, founder of Chicago-based energy development firm Glidepath, used to manage Commonwealth Edison’s electrical grid. Chris McKissack, right, is Glidepath’s vice president. (E. Jason Wambsgans, Chicago Tribune)
Shoring up the electricity grid with batteries?
Battery project comes to Chicago electrical grid.
Can batteries save renewables?
In 1997, when Dan Foley was managing Commonwealth Edison's electrical grid, mornings meant firing up two coal-fired generating plants to keep pace with the sudden spike in electricity as nearly 3 million Chicagoans switched on their lights, hair dryers and televisions.
"Mornings used to scare the hell out of us," he said.
Seventeen years later, Foley thinks he has the answer to scary mornings: batteries.
Tribune graphics
Foley, founder of Chicago-based energy development firm Glidepath, has been quietly developing three $20 million battery storage facilities in northern Illinois that can be tapped to quickly deal with fluctuations in demand on the grid. In other words, power grid operators wouldn't have to worry about cranking up plants for sudden spikes in load.
"Batteries can react faster than traditional generation," Foley said. "They can react in milliseconds."
With a combined 60 megawatts of capacity, the facilities, which look like rows of shipping containers, together represent the largest project of its kind in North America. They are to be built in Joliet, McHenry and West Chicago.
8
Glidepath recently sold two of the facilities for an undisclosed price to a renewable energy company Foley declined to name. ComEd expects the three projects to hook into its electrical grid in the spring.
Such battery projects also offer other advantages: helping to regulate swings in power from wind and solar generators, depending on whether the sun in shining or the wind is blowing. The electrical grid can't absorb or regulate power bursts. Battery storage facilities can store that power for when it's needed.
"It's the equivalent of a shock absorber in a car," Foley told members of Joliet's Planning Commission about his battery project. "If there's bumps in the (electrical) system … what it does is it smooths out those bumps, it adds reliability and stability to the system."
Advocates of wind and solar power have long touted the potential that battery storage could hold for integrating renewable energy into the grid. In 2011 and 2012 the federal government invested money in such projects under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. But when funding dried up, so did development, according to Navigant Consulting.
Today, there are about 270 distributed energy storage projects across the United States with a combined capacity of 212 megawatts, according to Green Tech Media Research.
@dlstrategy It seems that if power storage as well as instantaneous response is needed - that capacitors of some sort would be a better choice than batteries.
John the First
8
But now the industry is expected to surge, in part as a result of a ruling by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that increased the pay for "fast"-responding energy sources like batteries.
A report recently released by Navigant Research predicts that global energy storage is expected to grow dramatically over the next decade, from 538 megawatts this year to 20.8 gigawatts. A gigawatt can power about 1 million homes.
Each of Glidepath's sites is composed of nine containers, each with 80,000 lithium-based batteries, on a footprint of about 100 feet by 200 feet. They will be equipped with fire suppression, and a chilling unit in case of overheating.
A lot has changed since the days Foley helped operate the electrical grid. Among other things, the ComEd service area is part of a larger grid system.
But some things remain the same. Traditional power providers are still called upon to remain at the ready to account for the unpredictability of renewable energy, blocking the amount of traditional generation that can be displaced by those naturally available resources.
Without those power providers available to keep electrical current steady, ComEd's grid is susceptible to blackouts and brownouts, said Joe Svachula, ComEd's vice president of engineering and smart grid.
"The system is designed to protect itself," Svachula said. "If we don't have the generation matched to the load, the frequency starts to rapidly drop and equipment would be destroyed. The worst-case scenario of poor frequency is, the grid can break off into islands, which leads to blackouts. That frequency response is important. Until now, that's been from older generators, and there's a need to replace it."
Jason Blumberg, CEO of Energy Foundry, a Chicago-based venture fund paid into by Commonwealth Edison and Ameren Illinois shareholders, is a Glidepath investor. Glidepath, which operates out of the Energy Foundry's offices, is testing its technology on ComEd's grid.

China is real winner from Alibaba IPOChina is the real winner from Alibaba IPO
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 22, 2014: 4:44 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Alibaba officially became the biggest initial public offering of all time, confirming on Monday that in the final tally it raised an eye-popping $25 billion .
The e-commerce giant's ability to raise huge sums of cash could give stock prices further momentum in the medium term. Investors are still hungry.
Alibaba's ( BABA , Tech30 ) decision to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange should also reinforce Wall Street's central role in the global finance world despite pushes by London and Hong Kong. Plus, four of the top six investment banks tapped to underwrite the Alibaba IPO are U.S. firms.
But don't forget, Alibaba is a Chinese company with very little presence in the U.S. at this point.
That means the positive ripple effects from the IPO -- like a real estate boom and luxury car sales as newly wealthy executives make purchases -- are largely being felt in Asia, not Silicon Valley.
"If it was a U.S. corporation, the proceeds would be coming back into the U.S. economy and there would be a multiplier effect. We're only seeing a little bit of that," said David Weild, the former vice chairman of the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Related: Should you buy shares of Alibaba?
When Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) went public in May 2012, it made many early employees and investors millionaires virtually overnight. Some, like Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg, even became billionaires.
Those newly-rich people, many of them still in their 20s, quickly scooped up luxury cars and trucks, mansions and yachts.
"There was a big real estate wealth effect in the San Francisco area as a result of the Facebook IPO. It had a very beneficial effect on the northern California economy," said Weild, who is currently chairman and CEO of IssuWorks.
The Facebook IPO also benefited financial advisors in the Silicon Valley region, who rushed to cater to the needs of the new tech millionaires.
 
Related: Defense stocks rally as ISIS crisis escalates
But with Alibaba, many of the early employees and some of its early investors are based in China.
Alibaba "is creating a positive psychology for the stock market, the IPO market in general and probably for the U.S. economy. It's terrific in that regard. But not as terrific as if it were a U.S. company where all of that capital would stay on our shores," said Weild.
It's also worth remembering that New York wasn't Alibaba's preferred destination for its IPO. Alibaba only decided to list in the U.S. after Hong Kong refused to amend its rules for the Chinese company's unusual corporate structure , which gives regular investors less power than typical stocks.
Alibaba was not a positive factor for the stock market at all on Monday.
Related: Investors are scared again
Alibaba fell over 4% and dropped well below the $92.70 price it opened at on Friday. The Nasdaq tumbled 1.1% as technology stocks suffered.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ), which stands to make billions from its stake in Alibaba, slumped almost 6% amid questions over how much the U.S. company will owe in taxes on its gains.
Other Chinese Internet plays were also in the red, including Weibo ( WB ), JD.com ( JD ) and Baidu ( BIDU , Tech30 ), China's version of Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ).
First Published: September 22, 2014: 4:44 PM ET
Most Popular

City plan will more than double taxis for disabled11
The Emanuel administration will announce plans to add at least 204 more accessible taxis over the next four years, officials said.
"For many of us, taxis are a necessary means of getting from point A to point B," Mayor Rahm Emanuel said, "and more wheelchair-accessible vehicles are a step in the right direction."
By the end of 2018, taxi licensees who own at least 10 medallions will be required to have 10 percent of their fleet made up of wheelchair-accessible vehicles.
Currently, taxi licensees with at least 20 medallions are required to have 5 percent of their fleets made up of wheelchair-accessible vehicles, officials said.
The city requires that existing wheelchair-accessible taxis be replaced by new wheelchair-accessible taxis when the end of their life cycle is reached. That ensures that the number of accessible taxis will not shrink, officials said.
The expansion of fully accessible taxis will be subsidized in part by the city's accessibility fund, which currently contains $3.5 million. The fund is supported by fees paid by the taxi and ride-share industries, under a new city ordinance regulating ride-share services, officials said.
Ride-share companies including Uber X, Lyft and Sidecar have cut into the traditional taxi business by contracting with noncommercial drivers who provide rides in their private vehicles. Customers of the ride-share services use cellphone apps to arrange rides.
Advocates for the disabled community said the planned increase is not enough.
New York's taxi fleet will be 50 percent accessible by 2020, said Gary Arnold, public relations coordinator for Access Living in Chicago.
Tuesday morning at City Hall, taxicab accessibility will be discussed at a joint hearing of the Committee on License and Consumer Protection and the Committee on Human Relations.
Before the hearing, leaders in the disability community, joined by the heads of the council committees , are scheduled to hold a news conference calling for an increase in the number of accessible taxis in Chicago. They will present strategies for reaching the goal, including mandates, incentives, enforcement and new funding sources, supporters of the initiative said.

I Knew The Marriage Was Over Before It BeganBy Tara Eisenhard for DivorcedMoms.com
When did I know my marriage was over? There were two key moments.
The first was the moment I accepted the engagement ring. When I say that, people usually ask why I went through with the vows if I knew better. The answer is, I couldn't find a good enough reason not to.
I, like most females, grew up intending to get married and have children. I dreamed of wedded bliss with my high school sweetheart, but that didn't work out. There were a few other loves along the way, and then in my mid-20s I found myself building a life with my now-ex. We lived together. We had friends together. We had a dog together. We were both responsible with our money; we were good planners and dreamers.
After we'd lived together for two years, he proposed. As I sat in our home and stared at the ring, my mind was aflutter with thoughts.
Something doesn't feel quite right.
Is this what I want?
This is what I have, and it's been good enough until now.
We've already built a life together.
This is what people do. It's the next logical step.
I have security with him.
There's really no reason not to say "yes."
I said "yes," and the planning commenced. I learned quickly that I didn't want to deal with the stress, the details and the cost of a standard celebration. A destination wedding seemed to suit our preferences much better than a traditional ceremony, so we booked a trip out of state and planned to return as husband and wife.
When people asked questions, I made jokes:
"I don't need my dad to walk me down the aisle. This is a mistake I can make by myself."
"We're saving our money for the divorce."
At the time, I wasn't entirely conscious of how serious I was. I knew something wasn't right, but I did love my fiancé. I wanted to get married. The date was set, the plans were made and I was excited. But then, who wouldn't be? We were being showered with positive attention and admiration from everyone we knew.
The honeymoon ended quickly. A few months after the vows, it was painfully apparent that we weren't meeting each other's expectations. We had different ideas about the kind of roles we'd play, when we should have children and how we'd raise them. He was disappointed and I felt suffocated. Yet, we trudged on and tried to make the best of it.
One night, in the middle of a particularly dark period for us, my husband came home and suggested we separate. At first, I was angry. How could he make up his mind about something so serious without talking to me about it? I stomped out of the room, down the hall and into our office.
My husband followed me and stood in the doorway. "Isn't this what you want?" He asked. "Don't you hate me?"
What followed was the second moment that I knew my marriage was over.
There in the dim glow of a computer screen, I felt as if a light bulb turned on and a huge weight was lifted from my shoulders. Who are we kidding? We aren't happy. Why should we continue to hurt ourselves by keeping up this façade?
I nodded. "I do hate you," I told him. What else could I say? It was the truth.
My brutally honest confession opened a new door for us. From that point, we were able to accept reality and let go of our marital expectations. We could finally stop trying, stop pretending and stop fighting. It was a relief.
We parted as friends and years later, we're still friendly. Although I knew the marriage was over before it began, I'm glad it didn't end there. The road we traveled was one of love, laughter, pain, tears and, most importantly, growth. We brought each other to that second moment, where we could face our situation honestly and as a team... a team on a mission to end our marriage.

Gotham recap  series debut: Q. Will this Bat-show keep riddling us with riveting questionsThe new series “Gotham” debuted Monday night, starring Donal Logue and Ben McKenzie (center) as detectives Harvey Bullock and Jim Gordon.
(courtesy of Fox TV)
 
WHAT CAN WE take away from a show that wants to be a part of TV’s current superhero boom, but doesn’t have a superhero? Is young cop Jim Gordon’s rise through a corrupt, sometimes inept police department enough to keep us tuned in week in/week out — especially since in this new show, he’s not having rooftop meetings with the Dark Knight? And how long can the mystery behind the murder of Bruce Wayne’s parents keep us on the edge of our seats?
None of those questions can be answered after viewing the series debut of “Gotham,” which aired Monday night on Fox. But one episode in, it looks as though Batman’s supporting cast, along with a whole lot of future villains, could have what it takes to make a weekly visit to “Gotham” required viewing — for fanboys and mainstream viewers alike.
Here are key moments from the debut:
* “Gotham” begins not with Bruce Wayne or Jim Gordon, but with Selina Kyle (Carmen Bicondova), who is still very much a young girl here — and far from the Catwoman she’s destined to grow up to be. Rooftop heights don’t scare her as she jumps from building to building until she’s in downtown Gotham, trying to blend in with the night. Among the large crowds, Selina spots her prey: a woman overloaded with grocery bags and a man not paying attention to his back pocket. Some nifty knife-work and quick hands net her a gallon of milk (naturally) and a cash-fat wallet.
This is how “Gotham” plays to Selina’s work as a thief — though it’s not addressed why she’s already resorting to a life of larceny. We hardly get any answers to any questions regarding Selina, in fact, in the first episode.
Instead, we get her connected to the event that defines the entire show. While feeding one of her alley-cats with her newly scored milk, Selina hears voices approaching the alley she’s using for cover. It’s the boy Bruce Wayne and his parents. “Gotham” shows its defining moment very early in the show. The Waynes are murdered by a masked gunman right in front of Bruce. Selina, too, sees it all. The viewer now knows that this will define how Bruce’s life is connected to Selina’s — but Bruce doesn’t know that. We’re left wondering: When will they meet — and will she ever tell Bruce she was a witness?
* After the future Batman’s defining moment, we’re inside the Gotham City Police Department. Within 30 seconds of being there, a criminal being lead to a jail cell gets a hold of a policewoman’s gun and holds her hostage. Not even a minute into our first visit with the GCPD and we’re seeing why they’ll need the help of a masked vigilante one day.
Every gun in the place is aimed at the crook. And here is where we meet our young protagonist, Jim Gordon (Ben McKenzie); he might be a rookie cop who’s new to Gotham, but he’s also apparently a master hostage negotiator. Gordon takes command of the situation, gets the gun from the crook, frees the policewoman and hands over the bad guy to the good guys. The good guys proceed to beat the daylights out of the crook for making them look bad. Welcome to Gotham, buddy!
It might be Gordon’s first office triumph, but he’s schooled by his new partner, Harvey Bullock (Donal Logue), who explains that proper procedure in such a situation is just to shoot the bad guy. In a show full of questions, Bullock might be the biggest mystery of all. (I’d have said “riddle,” but we haven’t gotten to him yet).
On a force where there might not be many good guys, where do Bullock’s loyalties lie? After one episode, it’s hard to know. Once you realize that about Bullock, you then realize you are not watching “Batman:The Animated Series.”
Fox's "Gotham" serves as a prequel to "Batman"with younger versions of many of the characters, including police commissioner John Gordon, played by Ben McKenzie. Director Danny Cannon annotated this scene between Gordon and crime boss Carmine Falcone, played by John Doman. (Jayne Orenstein/The Washington Post)
* Before Bullock can finish chewing Gordon out, he’s informed there’s been a double homicide and that he and his wanna-be S.W.A.T. rookie partner need to get over to the alley where the bodies are. Bullock and Gordon get there to find the Wayne parents — slain. Gordon goes over to comfort a young Bruce — in a special moment framed as one of the series’ most important meetings.
Bullock, upon learning that the bodies in the street are the Waynes, decides he wants absolutely nothing to do with this big a case — this could involve people he’s not ready to go up against. But he’s stuck on the case. Why? Because Gordon has already questioned the young Bruce Wayne (David Mazouz).
Gordon promises a young Bruce that there will one day “be light,” and that they’ll catch his parents’ killer. Alfred picks up Bruce — in our first sighting of the trusty butler. Bullock high-tails it with Gordon to the nearest diner, where he explains to dumb-rookie-kid-cop that they want nothing to do with this Wayne case. That’s when Renee Montoya (Victoria Cartagena) walks in with her partner (it doesn’t matter his name; what matters is that we get our first scene with Bullock and Montoya together — a geek moment for “Batman: The Animated Series” fans). Montoya and her partner, from the major crimes unit, try to take the case off of Bullock and Gordon’s hands. Bullock gets insulted and tells Montoya where she can go and what she can kiss, and just like that, he and Gordon are on the case.
Bullock and Montoya are not friends. It’s a fanboy buzz-kill, but entertaining nonetheless.
* Bullock goes back to GCPD. He wants no part of Gordon on the case. He’s too green. He complains to the captain. She doesn’t care. Apparently young Gordon’s dad was a hot-shot district attorney. Bullock is told to deal with it. Not only are the cops possibly corrupt, but there’s also some good, old-fashioned nepotism. Bullock is not impressed, but he’s stuck with the rookie.
* Time to get some ballistics on that bullet. And who handles that? None other than Edward Nygma (Cory Michael Smith), who is beyond delighted to ask Bullock questions he won’t know the answers to. Seriously. Nothing makes this guy happier than you not knowing the answer to his questions. When Gordon actually gets the answer to one of Nygma’s riddles, poor Eddie looks as if his world has come crashing down. But we all know the path Eddie is going down. What’s surprising is that he has his start with the GCPD. Not too much of a push. In Scott Snyder’s “Zero Year” for DC Comics, a retelling of Batman’s origin, Nygma is an employee of Wayne Enterprises before he becomes the Riddler. He’s also an employee of Wayne Enterprises in “Batman Forever,” but this show is a positive Batman moment. We won’t go there.
Despite making it obvious that he’s destined to put on a mask and giggle profusely in the future, Nygma provides some pretty strong evidence in the Wayne case. The bullet that killed Thomas Wayne can’t be traced. Seems like a lot of trouble for a “random” murder. All of a sudden, the Wayne murders aren’t so clear.
* Gordon somehow finds time to spend with his fiancee, Barbara. Nice name. Hey, isn’t that Batgirl’s name? It is — but no kids yet. Don’t worry. Just because she’s not carrying a caped crusader in her womb yet doesn’t mean Barbara doesn’t have a surprise for Gordon. And boy, is it a doozy.
* We meet Jada Pinkett Smith’s Fish Mooney. She works for Carmine Falcone (John Doman), the biggest mob boss in Gotham. This is the only character who has no origin in the pages of the comic books. And guess who works for her: Oswald Cobblepot (Robin Taylor), the not-yet Penguin. Although when the other gangsters call him that, he doesn’t like it too much. Right now, Oswald is more rat than penguin. When he’s not holding Fish Mooney’s umbrella, he’s spilling his guts to Montoya and her partner. A concerned citizen? More like someone trying to take the top spot for himself.
* Bullock and Gordon get a lead on the Wayne killer. Who is surprisingly the father of Ivy Pepper, whom we will not call Ivy Pepper. She’s Poison Ivy. Not that she’s reached her villainous-form yet, but she’s already watering plants every time we see her. She’s further along than everyone. Ivy’s father is wrongly accused of killing the Waynes. Evidence has been planted in his home — but by whom? The answer to that leads us to our real killer. In the meantime, Ivy’s father is killed (will she mourn for him and demand vengeance?). Bullock kills Ivy’s dad when he leads them on a wild chase and tries to kill Gordon rather than go to jail.
Bullock and Gordon think they have their man. They’re dead wrong.
* Montoya decides to give Barbara a visit. Gordon’s Barbara? Sure is. She thinks the GCPD set up Ivy’s father to take the fall for the Wayne murders. Barbara is insulted. Montoya thinks Gordon is bad news, and not the right man for her. She says she doesn’t know Gordon, and that Gordon doesn’t know Barbara like she does. It’s at this point you realize that Montoya and Barbara used to be a thing. No surprise for Montoya if you read the comics, but Gordon’s wife being an old flame? That’s new, and very interesting. It’ll be quite the episode whenever Gordon finds that out — especially considering that he hates Montoya’s guts for accusing him of being a dirty cop and being possibly responsible for the Wayne murders/cover-up.
*So remember Oswald’s ratting to Montoya? Fish finds out. She’s not happy. Oswald needs to die. And considering that Gordon almost dies when he starts asking Fish his own questions (Bullock unsuccessfully tries to stop it — a moment where you almost think he’s not as crooked as “Gotham” makes him out to be), a favor is owed to Fish and her big boss Falcone (who personally prevents the deaths of Gordon and Bullock for sticking their noses in too deep in a bad smell).
The Gotham mob wants Oswald dead. Bullock is chosen to do the deed. He tells Gordon this is how it has to be for there to be order. Either Gordon kills Oswald, or Bullock will kill both of them and never look back. This moment, at least for now, makes Bullock look like a very bad cop. (Not sure how Bat-fans will feel about that, but every adaptation can’t follow every comic page word for word, panel for panel).
Whatever good feelings you have for Bullock when he tries to save Gordon from the mob are washed away when Bullock tells Gordon to ice Oswald. Gordon, realizing he’s in a no-win situation, walks Oswald far away from Bullock, toward the Gotham waters, and tells Oswald to run and never come back. Gordon fires his gun, not killing Oswald, but making it look as though he did. Oswald gets a new lease on life (and will obviously return), and Bullock thinks Gordon is rolling with the program.
Ultimately, we get very little Bruce Wayne, and only one hero, Gordon, who may be the only trustworthy cop in Gotham City.
Is Bullock really this much of a dirty cop? Will Selina and Bruce cross paths? Will Ivy run out of water for her plants? Is Oswald coming after Fish (ironic that the person he has to take down for revenge is named after his soon to be favorite treat). “Gotham” leaves you with many questions and few answers (Nygma would be so happy).
This is Gordon’s show so far. His efforts to clean up his city and his police department are what this show is all about. But still there, lingering in the margins, is the kid who will eventually be Batman.
Fish Mooney (Jada Pinkett Smith) and Oswald Cobblepot (Robin Taylor) introduce themselves in Monday night’s series debut of “Gotham.”.
(photo by Jessica Miglio/FOX)

Financials a big bet; bullish on LIC HF  Shriram Transport: UBS08:00 am
Gautam Chhaochharia, Head of India Research at UBS remains bullish on India and retains his official target of 8000 for Nifty by December 2014.
From the next year perspective, UBS is comfortable that earnings momentum will be back to match the estimates, which has been missing over the last 3-4 years. “We don’t have forecast but we do remain constructive in that context,” he said.
UBS has high conviction on cyclical recovery in India and remains positive on Voltas , Crompton Greaves  and Carborundum .
Chhaochharia feels financial sector will be a big bet as valuations look attractive. In the segment, he is bullish on LIC Housing Finance  and Shriram Transport .
He also remains bullish on oil and gas over the next 6-12 months on macro triggers and reasonable valuations.
Among the mid-cap space, UBS is positive on Kajaria Ceramics  and TTK Prestige , and likes Bajaj Electricals , Voltas  and Blue Star  in the home improvement theme. It has even raised the target price on Blue Star to Rs 340 from Rs 270.
UBS continues to like Exide  within auto ancillary space and Glenmark  in the pharma segment. However, it has recently downgraded Havells from buy to neutral. It maintains sell on Infosys  and neutral on TCS  in the IT space.
Below is the transcript of Gautam Chhaochharia’s interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: We were asking you about your fresh Nifty target because we just have your old target of 8000 and the market has now gone well beyond that, so, for the next 6-12 months what are you forecasting on the Nifty? 
A: We still have only one official target which is the December 2014 target of 8000. We haven’t changed that despite markets going up because we have written that markets can overshoot this fair valuation based target based on trajectory of growth, etc. 
From the next year perspective what we have been saying is that we are very comfortable about earnings momentum to come back. So, we our believers that earnings growth for the market which for last three to four years for each year has been missing consensus forecast and instead of ending at 15 percent growth has been ending at single digits. We do believe that those estimates will be met. 
Therefore that is the kind of return expectations we continue to expect from the market assuming current valuations to hold. We don’t have a formal forecast as such but we do remain constructive in that context.
Latha: At the moment markets imagination is captured by the midcap space. You have been targeting for sometime now, maybe 10-12 months back you spotted Crompton Greaves, Carborundum and Voltas for us on the channel. Would you still look at Voltas; it has peaked off a bit from the Rs 260 plus levels, are you still bullish on these stocks?
A: We are still positive and have a buy on all these three names for the simple reason that they are cyclical stocks, there could be upside to earnings estimates as the cyclical recovery plays out. We are already seeing signs of that in the last quarter estimates when estimates were revised up and still the earnings beat the estimates. So, that is a trend which we have seen in any cycle even earlier. So, therefore we still remain constructive on these names. 
These stocks have rerated, they are no longer as cheap as they used to be but keeping in mind the earnings revision potential and I would argue that they are still not in frothy valuation zone, so, we are still constructive on these names because we do have high conviction on the cyclical recovery in India. 
Sonia: There is a very interesting theme in your report where you mention that interest rates are headed lower and some of these asset financing NBFCs will benefit the most from lower interest rates. What are the stocks that top your list over there that still don’t look very expensive at this juncture?
A: Quite a few of them, the entire space surely but the top pick for us would LIC Housing Finance. Beyond that we continue to like Shriram Transport. 
Even the private sector banks which do have some exposure to wholesale financing, they will also benefit from this.
Latha: What would be the leaders from hereon say for the next six months?
A: We would continue to bet on financials, the reason being financials valuations are still okay and reasonable in the context of their long-term history and in the context of related to the market also. So, from hereon we would continue to bet on financials because they reflect both the recovery in the economy as well as our thesis of easing rate cycle. So, financial is our top bet. We like all the three parts; both private banks, the state-owned enterprise (SOE) banks as well as the non bank financials, so, we like all the three segments. Financial is a big bet.
Second, not necessarily for next three to six months but over a one year period we continue to be bullish on oil and gas because again there the visibility on subsidies coming off and the impact on their earnings is a lot more clear to us. The valuations are still okay compared to long-term history. They have done well over last one year but that is of very low levels. However, compared to history the valuations again look reasonable. 
So, these two are the bets we are making on in terms of the next 6-12 months. The other big sectors like IT, pharma, and consumers we will still be relatively cautious. In a bull market everything does well like we have seen historically so it is not that these sectors will not go up but relatively we will bet on financials and oil and gas.
RELATED NEWS

Alibabas Jack Ma tops China rich listAlibaba’s Jack Ma tops China rich list
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f7be596-42d0-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Assam floods claim eight livesPress Trust of India | Guwhati | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:17 pm
Altogether eight people have died in heavy floods and landslides triggered by continuous rain for the last three days in Assam, where airforce helicopters, army, NDRF and SDRF have been pressed into service for rescue work, officials said.
The situation was the worst in Goalpara where five people have died and more than 50,000 people have been affected due to heavy rains in the state and neighbouring Meghalaya, District Deputy Commissioner Pritam Saikia said.
With rains halting on Tuesday, rescue and relief operation are on and airforce helicopters have been pressed into service to rescue the marooned people in Dudhnoi, Krishnai and Bolbola.
Army, NDRF and SDRF are also engaged round-the-clock for rescue work. However, majority of the people have come down on their own to the plains, he said.
The district administration has made arrangements to provide shelter and necessary relief materials to the affected, Saikia said.
The situation in Guwahati, where two persons have died -one in landslide and another due to electrocution following heavy precipitation in the past three days, was also improving as rains stopped since this morning.
The city recorded 162.56 mm of rainfall since last night and the severely affected areas of Anil Nagar, Tarun Nagar, Zoo Road and other areas remain waterlogged, Kamrup (Metro) district administration spokesman said.
About 300 people have been evacuated from Anil Nagar and housed in relief camps opened by Kamrup metropolitan district administration, which has also made arrangements for distribution of drinking water, candles, biscuits and other items to the affected people.
Ten boats have been pressed into service to provide relief and rescue people from Anilnagar, Nabinnagar, Lachitnagar, besides Rajgarh and Zoo Road in the heart of the city, the district administration officials said.
The situation in Dhubri district, bordering Bangladesh, was grim with water level of Brahmaputra river showing an upward trend.
People are being moved to safer places, Deputy Commissioner Kumud Kalita said.
One child was killed and three others were injured in landslides at Hatisinghmari area of the district, officials said.
The rains have severely affected electric supply and telephone services in both Goalpara and Dhubri districts.
Train services in central Assam’s Morigaon district were also affected as rain water submerged rail tracks between Jagiroad and Dharamtul stations, Northeast Frontier Railway spokesman said.
All up and down trains passing through the area have been regulated. The Ledo-Guwahati Intercity Express and Silghat-Kamakhya Express have been stopped at Jagiroad and Chaparmukh stations respectively, he added.
Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi held an emergency meeting with senior officials during the day to take stock of the flood situation in some parts of the state and directed the concerned authorities to take continued…

Sunil Hitech pegs FY15 revenue target at Rs 2200crSep 23, 2014, 03.38 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sunil Hitech pegs FY15 revenue target at Rs 2200cr
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar and Ekta Batra, C Venkataramana, Director & CEO of Sunil Hitech Engineers spoke about the latest happenings in the company and the road ahead.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sunil Hitech pegs FY15 revenue target at Rs 2200cr
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar and Ekta Batra, C Venkataramana, Director & CEO of Sunil Hitech Engineers spoke about the latest happenings in the company and the road ahead.
Post your opinion here
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar and Ekta Batra, C Venkataramana, Director & CEO of  Sunil Hitech Engineers spoke about the latest happenings in the company and the road ahead.
Below is a verbatim transcript of the interview
Reema: Are you on track of increasing your revenues five-fold in the next five years?
A: That's our plan; to get into increasing of our revenues in the next five years.
Reema: So you are on track for that?
A: Yes.
Ekta: We do understand you had order wins to the tune of Rs 137.6 crore as of August 25. Any more orders that you could receive at least in the next maybe up till the end of the year, what is your visibility?
A: Presently, my order backlog is somewhere around Rs 3,600 crore as a total group and recently we have already bid for some five road projects in the country and we are expecting the results to come next month.
Reema: If you have a revenue visibility of Rs 3,600 crore, what will the overall revenues look like in FY15? Will it be a better year as compared to FY14?
A: We have done around Rs 1,450 crore in FY14. In FY15, we are planning to come to somewhere close to Rs 2,200 crore.
Ekta: You did raise money via qualified institutional placement (QIP) sometime back if I am not mistaken worth around Rs 81 crore that was the entire QIP amount. Can you tell us what the utilisation of funds have been and whether anything has gone into reducing the debt levels of the company?
A: It has been basically used for completing the existing projects. It was all used on the projects only.
Ekta: What would your debt levels currently stand at and would you average your finance cost at around more than Rs 80 crore for FY15 as well?
A: Definitely. We will be at the same levels only. The debt of the company per se is very limited. It is only at Rs 47 crore level except the working capital limits which are there at somewhere close to Rs 300 crore.
Reema: So the reason for the finance cost being close to Rs 86 crore is purely on account of your working capital?
A: Yes. The issue is that basically that is also not the interest per se cost. It is basically because of the bidding cost, which is on the higher side. We have to rotate the bank guarantees so many times. So the bidding cost is what is going somewhere close to around Rs 26-27 crore.
Reema: We understand that the company was looking to bid for larger as well as high margin, more complex projects. Has there been any headway in that? Are your recent order wins coming in on higher margins?
A: Definitely we are looking to improve our margins in the coming days in the projects and just to say that we are now concentrating on to the road sector to gain our entry into that and in terms of that we have already qualified on an annual qualification with National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) for Rs 922 crore of projects which we can bid in the current financial year.
Sunil HitechEng stock price
On November 21, 2014, Sunil Hitech Engineers closed at Rs 166.75, up Rs 0.60, or 0.36 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 193.35 and the 52-week low was Rs 44.80.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 21.28 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 7.84. The latest book value of the company is Rs 205.87 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.81.
RELATED NEWS

Despite support in Vidarbha  Congress suffered upsets in 2009 Maharashtra Assembly pollsSep 23, 2014 at 03:20pm IST
Despite support in Vidarbha, Congress suffered upsets in 2009 Maharashtra Assembly polls
4
0
Nagpur: Though the Congress has enjoyed handsome support from the people of Vidarbha region in almost all Maharashtra Assembly polls, by electing the maximum number of party legislators, year 2009 saw two ministers and several prominent leaders suffering shocking defeats.
Five-time MLA and Textile Minister Satish Chaturvedi and Dairy Development Minister Anees Ahmad lost to BJP candidates.
While Chaturvedi was defeated by Krishna Khopde in Nagpur-East by 35,716 votes, Ahmad was routed by former NCP MLC, Sudhakar Deshmukh in Nagpur-West by a slender margin of 1979 votes.
2009 Maharashtra Assembly polls saw two Congress ministers and several prominent leaders suffering shocking defeats.
#bjp #congress #maharashtra assembly polls #maharashtra assembly polls 2014
Ahmad, who had earlier represented Nagpur-Central, a Muslim dominated area, shifted himself to West and lost.
EGS Minister Nitin Raut (North) and Dinanath Padole (South) were the only two sitting MLAs of the Congress, who retained their seats and could win in 2009.
Remaining four seats out of six in Nagpur city (urban) and another three in rural including Kamptee, Umrer, Hingana were bagged by BJP.
Shiv Sena retained its Ramtek seat with Ashish Jaiswal while NCP senior leader and Food and Civil Supplies Minister Anil Deshmukh also succeeded in his Katol constituency.
The sixth seat, Savner, was grabbed by controversial Sunil Kedar of Congress who is facing charges of Rs 156-crore fraud in Nagpur District Central Co-operative Bank (NDCCB).
Among the prominent losers were former Minister of State, Sunil Deshmukh (Amravati), former Minister Ramesh Bang (NCP) from Hingana, Arun Adsad of BJP from Dhamangaon, Harshwardhan Deshmukh of NCP from Morshi (Amravati dist), Amar Kale of Congress from Arvi (Wardha) constituencies.
Bang narrowly lost to newcomer Vijay Ghodmare of BJP by 700 votes.
Raosaheb Shekhawat, son of then President Pratibha Patil (Congress) overcame Sunil Deshmukh in Amravati who turned rebel after party replaced him with Shekhawat. Deshmukh lost by 5,614 votes.
A veteran BJP leader and Chairman of Vidarbha Statutory Development Board, Adsad was humbled by Congress nominee Virendra Jagtap in Dhamangaon by 13,448 votes.
NCP leader Harshwardhan Deshmukh was upset by independent Dr Anil Bonde (Morshi, Amravati) by 6,035 votes and Amar Kale of Congress was beaten by BJP's Dadarao Keche in Arvi (Wardha) by 3,130 votes.
1

Heres what Stanford MBAs think about the tech bubbleSeptember 23, 2014
Rumblings of the next tech bubble have been omnipresent throughout Silicon Valley and the media.
So we surveyed approximately 30 MBA students at one of the Valley’s epicenters, Stanford Graduate School of Business, as well as nearly 30 alumni from classes of 1995 to 1999, to compare sentiments and expectations across different tenures.
The alumni, all currently working in the technology industry, on average felt that public tech companies are 50% overvalued today versus 22% and 386% in 2006 and 1999, respectively.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Responses from our Stanford alumni suggest they think privately held companies are more overvalued than public companies, by an average of 259% (or about 3.5 times their fair value).
Share
Tap image to zoom
Obviously a wide range of factors and complexity could underlie this difference. On one hand we see that many high-quality, market-leading businesses are being financed at valuations in the three or four times forward revenue range, which is not far from historical averages. On the other hand, we see late-stage investors taking outsized capital risks by investing at seemingly excessive valuations. Recent funding rounds by Uber at $18 billion, Airbnb at $10 billion and Square at $5 billion come to mind.
Our survey of GSB alumni identified large valuations of zero-revenue businesses as the most concerning observation in the tech sector today. Perhaps these concerns stem from scars caused by the dotcom bust that these alumni lived through shortly after graduating; when companies went bankrupt in flocks as funding dried up and negligible revenues had no chance of supporting hefty operating costs.
The tech sector has had a remarkable run in the last 14 years. Nearly every business leader and investor we interviewed anticipates some kind of correction in the next 2 to 3 years, if for no reason other than commodity and stock valuations have always been cyclical. However, the exact timing of when this correction will occur is up for debate.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, graduates of the GSB classes of 1995 to 1999 foresee a spring 2015 correction while current GSB students anticipate a fall 2016 correction on average (a full 18 months later). Those who lived and worked through the “dotcom” bubble appear to be more skeptical of how long the momentum can last.
Share
Tap image to zoom
This piece was co-authored by Mike McClure, a Stanford MBA Candidate and former DataFox intern. We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com . 
Share this:

Mars orbiter insertion tomorrow; will India make spacehistoryIn the final action today, the orbiter has to be slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second in relation to the red planet to be captured by the Martian orbit. Source: AP photo
PTI | Bangalore | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:19 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 5:54 am
As India’s Mars mission moved a step closer to home after the dormant main engine on the spacecraft was testfired flawlessly, ISRO looked confident of giving one final nudge wednesday to put it in orbit around Mars that, if successful, would see it make space history.
In the final lap, the operation is scheduled to be performed at 07:17:32 hrs tomorrow by firing the LAM along with eight smaller liquid engines for about 24 minutes.
The tricky manoeuvre involves slowing down the spacecraft now moving at benumbing speed to be captured in the Martian orbit, success of which would make India the first country to go to Mars in the maiden attempt.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will witness the crucial Mars Orbiter Insertion at the Spacecraft Control Centre at ISRO Telemetry Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC) here.
The main engine on the spacecraft, in slumber since the 300-day journey began, was woken up yesterday, though for four seconds after a successful crucial manoeuvre that has raised the confidence level of ISRO scientists.
The 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) on Mars Orbiter Spacecraft was last fired on December 01, 2013. Yesterday’s twin operation also involved a trajectory correction that means the spacecraft is on course.
In the final action tomorrow, the orbiter has to be slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second in relation to the red planet to be captured by the Martian orbit. The engine would be fired for 24 minutes to reduce its velocity and insert it into the Martian orbit.
ISRO has uploaded commands to help the spacecraft automatically enter the orbit.
India will be the first country to enter the Mars orbit on a maiden mission if it succeeds. It will also be the first Asian country and ISRO the fourth space agency to send a satellite to the Red Planet. European, US and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
Given the high rate of failures –only 21 of the total of 51 missions sent to Mars by various countries being successful– the success of MOM in the very first shot would boost India’s global standing in Space.
After the crucial manoeuvre yesterday, ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan said the spacecraft was “healthy” after completing 98 per cent of its 666 million km journey. “….we are now prepared for that crucial operation to take place on September 24 morning.”
The MOM entered the Mars Gravitational Sphere of Influence yesterday. The spacecraft had escaped the earth gravity pull on December 1 last.
As US NASA’s MAVEN spacecraft began orbiting the Red Planet for the second day today, NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory has conveyed its best wishes to ISRO for Mars Orbit Insertion tomorrow.
“Good Luck MOM! From your JPL family!” said the message.
Indian Mars Mission D-Day September 24 – Planned mission sequence
Fuel position – 279.5 KG
Target – To get to a distance of 423 km from Mars and achieve an orbit of 423 km X 80,000 km around Mars
Objective – To reduce spacecraft speed by 1.1 km/sec to enable it to synchronize with Mars velocity
Three hours before the Mars Orbit Insertion begins the spacecraft starts executing commands uploaded last week from ISRO’s Mission Operation Centre (MOX)
# Around 12 Noon — all details from spacecraft likely to be received
# First picture of Mars from Mars Orbiter likely by evening

Google India launches new campaign with Farhan Akhtar to help women getonlineThe campaign in association with Farhan Akhtar's initiative MARD, aims to increase internet literacy among women in the country.
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:18 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 5:28 pm
Search giant Google on Tuesday launched a new social campaign in association with Bollywood actor-director Farhan Akhtar’s initiative MARD, to increase internet literacy among women in the country.
Google India had first time launched a ‘digital literacy’ initiative campaign called ‘Helping Women Get Online’ (HWGO) in collaboration with Intel, HUL and Axis Bank late last year.
“The first phase has been very successful. In the last 12 months, the number of women using the internet has grown 35 per cent as against 31 per cent by men. This for the first time that women have surpassed men in using internet. This is just the start of the programme as it’s only 10 months when we  launched it (the first phase),” Google India vice president and managing director Rajan Anandan said here.
As the company ramps up its activities and takes many of them to the next level, it expects further acceleration in the campaign, Anandan said.
The jointly-promoted campaign called ‘ReachForTheSky’ will look to generate awareness about the need to get women online.
It will also encourage existing users to help get more  women online and spread awareness of gender equality and women empowerment.
Despite India inching closer to become the second  largest internet users’ country, the number of women using internet is lower than most of the countries, he said adding, “empowering the young women population with information and internet related tools could transform India’s future.” We need to build on this start and join the campaign with MARD to encourage women to come online, he added.
Google India head for marketing Sandeep Menon said the company’s aim is to help bring 50 million women online in the country.

IS releases second video of British hostage JohnCantlieIn this still image taken from an first undated video published on the Internet by Islamic State group militants, captive British journalist John Cantlie speaks into the camera. (AP Photo)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:15 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 10:57 am
The Islamic State militants have released a second video of British journalist John Cantlie in less than a week which shows him warning US-led coalition against carrying out military operations against his captors.
In the latest five-minute video, Cantlie warns that the United States and its allies are embarking on “Gulf War III”, adding “Not since Vietnam have we witnessed such a potential mess in the making”.
MUST READ: ISIS, ISIL or Islamic State (IS): Where the name makes a statement
“Current estimates of 15,000 troops needed to fight the Islamic State are laughably low. The State has more mujahideen than this. And this is not some undisciplined outfit with a few Kalashnikovs,” Cantlie said in the video.
Dressed in orange against a backdrop showing cuttings from the ‘New York Times’, the 43-year-old freelance photojournalist introduces himself as “the British citizen abandoned by my government and long-term prisoner of the Islamic State”.
The video follows the similar pattern to the first video featuring the journalist and is introduced with the title “Lend Me Your Ears” and “Messages From The British Detainee John Cantlie”.
He describes the IS as the “most powerful jihadist movement seen in recent history” and that the US led group could not harm it.
The IS, which now controls roughly a third of Syria and Iraq, has beheaded two US journalists – James Foley and Steven Sotloff and a British aid worker – David Haines, as they have threatened to kill another British captive named Alan Henning.
Cantlie, who in July 2012 escaped an earlier kidnapping in Syria, returned to the country towards the end of 2012 and got kidnapped second time by the extremists.
His whereabouts are not known but it is likely that Cantlie is being held in Syria where other hostages were beheaded.
This latest clip has been circulated as the US and its allies launch air strikes against IS in Syria. UK forces are not involved but the government says it has not ruled itself out.

My relations with PM too sacred  emotional : RajnathSinghPrint
Union Home Minster Singh sought to put speculation at rest that there was anything wrong between him and Modi. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 4:47 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 5:07 pm
Brushing aside reports of differences with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh has said his relations with Modi was “too sacred, emotional and deep” and that he would ensure it is never spoilt even if he is “personally harmed”.
The Home Minister also made it clear that Modi’s primacy in the Union Cabinet was “very natural and not imposed”.
“Let me tell you that in the past one-and-a-half years, our relationship has grown quite deep…. Those who are speculating about our relationship are totally unaware of its
depth.
“It is too sacred, emotional and deep to let anything spoil it. I will not let this happen even if I am personally harmed. You see, in my public life, credibility is the only capital I have earned. And I am determined not to fritter it away and lead the life of an animal (pashuvat jeevan jeena sweekar nahin),” the Home Minister was quoted as saying in the latest issue of ‘Governance Now’.
Singh was responding to questions about his equation with Modi especially in view of the much-talked relations in the past between former Prime Ministers Jawaharlal Nehru and Atal Bihari Vajpayee with Sardar Patel and L K Advani respectively.
Singh, a former BJP President, sought to put speculation at rest that there was anything wrong between him and Modi.
“If I have established a deep personal and emotional bond with a certain individual, I cannot think of harming him or her in any way. I cannot commit the sin of harming someone close to me simply because I have developed some differences with that person. This is not my politics.”
Singh also appeared to admit that there may be some people nursing grievances against him “over some confusion” in the past.
“I am open to talking to them and resolving the issues. You must have noted consistency in my conduct even when I faced friends-turned-foes in Uttar Pradesh. I have never used any derogatory description for even the worst of my adversaries and never harmed them,” he said.

Overseas funds to buy 30% stake in Aditya Bi...Overseas funds seek to buy 30% stake in Aditya Birla Retail for $400-500 million
By Reuters | 23 Sep, 2014, 05.05PM IST
0
Share More
Aditya Birla Group will use the funds to expand its retail operations, the sources also said, declining to be named as the talks are still private.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Capital , Temasek Holdings and International Finance Corp are in advanced talks to buy a 30 per cent stake in the retail arm of India's Aditya Birla Group for about $400-500 million, two sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
The sources said the three private equity funds are looking to buy the stake in Aditya Birla Retail , which includes apparel maker Madura Fashion & Lifestyle, department store chain Pantaloons and supermarket chain More.
"The talks are quite advanced and are in the final lap," said one of the sources.
Aditya Birla Group will use the funds to expand its retail operations, the sources also said, declining to be named as the talks are still private.
Temasek and Aditya Birla Group declined to comment. L Capital, the private equity arm of LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA, and World Bank unit IFC were not immediately available for comment.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

RIL gas output from KG-D6 likely to improve:...Krishna Godavari
(Gas production from Krishna…)
NEW DELHI: Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 gas output is likely to improve to 15 million standard cubic meters per day by second half of current fiscal as it completes work-overs on the main fields, UBS said.
Gas production from Krishna Godavari basin block has dropped to just over 12 mmscmd and RIL is carrying out workover on main Dhirubhai-1 and 3 gas fields.
In a research note, UBS said it expects RIL's "core petrochemical, refining and domestic exploration and production businesses to improve over the next two years".
"We think an increase in gas price hike is likely soon, and the government focus to encourage domestic production and problems with KG-D6 should be resolved shortly and gas production visibility should improve," it said.
RIL's USD 13 billion capex including USD 8.5 billion in expansion of petrochemical units, was on track. Also refinery cost advantages will increase with pet-coke gasifer becoming operational by 2016, enabling steady USD 8-plus refining margin.
"KG-D6 gas production to improve further to 15 mmscmd with work-over at D1-D3 complete by 2HFY15," it said, adding that a gas price increase to USD 6.5-7.0 per million British thermal unit by next month from current USD 4.2 will drive investments for developing R-series, MJ1 and commerciality approvals for satellite fields in KG-D6 and discoveries in block NEC-25.
RIL has two refineries in Jamnagar, Gujarat, with a capacity of 1.2 million barrels per day. It also has an integrated petrochemical facility and a 60 per cent interest in KG-D6.
It has a presence in shale gas in the US, as well as retail and telecom services, where it is in the process of scaling up operations over the next two to three years.
"We expect refining margins to hold into 2014 and 2015 with some closures and better demand. Petchem spreads are likely to be under pressure, but we believe capex-led volume growth will be a key driver for profitability along with its cost advantages," it said.
On E&P, UBS expected most issues to be resolved, positive reforms to continue, and implementation to pick up with the new government focusing on increasing domestic production. An appreciating currency would, however, be a dampener.
"We expect RIL's core petrochemical, refining and domestic E&P businesses to improve over the next two years. We think an increase in gas price hike is likely soon, and the government focus to encourage domestic production and problems with KG-D6 should be resolved shortly and gas production visibility should improve," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

My relations with PM  too sacred  emotional ...Atal Bihari Vajpayee
(The Home Minister also made…)
NEW DELHI: Brushing aside reports of differences with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh has said his relations with Modi was "too sacred, emotional and deep" and that he would ensure it is never spoilt even if he is "personally harmed".
The Home Minister also made it clear that Modi's primacy in the Union Cabinet was "very natural and not imposed".
"Let me tell you that in the past one-and-a-half years, our relationship has grown quite deep.... Those who are speculating about our relationship are totally unaware of its depth.
"It is too sacred, emotional and deep to let anything spoil it. I will not let this happen even if I am personally harmed. You see, in my public life, credibility is the only capital I have earned. And I am determined not to fritter it away and lead the life of an animal (pashuvat jeevan jeena sweekar nahin)," the Home Minister was quoted as saying in the latest issue of 'Governance Now'.
Singh was responding to questions about his equation with Modi especially in view of the much-talked relations in the past between former Prime Ministers Jawaharlal Nehru and Atal Bihari Vajpayee with Sardar Patel and L K Advani respectively.
Singh, a former BJP President, sought to put speculation at rest that there was anything wrong between him and Modi.
"If I have established a deep personal and emotional bond with a certain individual, I cannot think of harming him or her in any way. I cannot commit the sin of harming someone close to me simply because I have developed some differences with that person. This is not my politics."
Singh also appeared to admit that there may be some people nursing grievances against him "over some confusion" in the past.
"I am open to talking to them and resolving the issues. You must have noted consistency in my conduct even when I faced friends-turned-foes in Uttar Pradesh. I have never used any derogatory description for even the worst of my adversaries and never harmed them," he said.
Singh said the reported differences as speculated in the media between the Prime Minister and Home Minister "will remain a history" and the future will be different and not a repetition of the past.
"Let us bury this history and move ahead. And let me also explain that despite misgivings in the media Atalji and Advaniji shared a very cordial and mutually respectful relationship," he said.
When asked why he chose to join the government when he had expressed desire to remain as BJP President, Singh said he had never decided for himself.
"In this case, the party leadership in general and Prime minister Narendra Modi in particular asked me to take up this assignment in the government. I decided to go by the collective wisdom of the organisation," he said.
To a question whether he had any regrets conceding primacy to Modi and joining the government, Singh said he had never hankered for primacy in his political career.
"Those who know me can vouch for it that I have never asked for anything. So there is nothing to regret about. Yet, I would like to point out that in politics, the most popular leader gets primacy. You must have seen me conceding primacy to Modi even at the BJP national executive in Goa where he was declared the face of the party's campaign.
"I chose to speak before him, giving clear indications of his leadership position. He is the most popular leader of the country. Moreover, in the Indian cabinet system, the prime minister gets primacy....you see, even a family cannot run without conceding primacy to someone. In Modiji's case, his primacy is very natural and not imposed," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tax inversion curbs hit drugmaker sharesTax inversion crackdown hits drugmaker shares
By Andrew Ward and Miles Johnson in London, Barney Jopson in Washington and Arash Massoudi in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c3b4ff1a-4303-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Haryana elections: BJP gives tickets to turncoats  loyal leaders disappointed7
0
New Delhi: The BJP, hoping to come to power on its own in Haryana, is facing a serious discontent among the loyal party leaders over the distribution of Assembly election tickets. The BJP was a fringe force in the state till the Narendra Modi wave hit the state during the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Even as the party has declared its candidates for all the 90 Assembly seats in the state, turncoats seem to have found favour with the saffron party in the state. More than 15-20 candidates fielded by the party for the Haryana assembly polls are either deserters from the Congress or the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD).
Former ally and Haryana Janahit Congress (HJC) chief Kuldeep Bishnoi said that a number of those who had been overlooked for tickets in the BJP have contacted him for switching over.
Given the caste-break up of the candidatures, the BJP has tried to strike a fair balance between the Jat and non-Jat candidates.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #bjp #narendra modi #inld
Gurgaon BJP president Tejpal Tanwar speaking to a newspaper said, "There is a lot of discontent among party workers and such aspirants who had seriously worked for the party, in the end all should work for the party. We are trying to reason with the disaffected lot."
Given the caste-break up of the candidatures, the BJP has tried to strike a fair balance between the Jat and non-Jat candidates: broadly while close to 16 Jats have got tickets, Baniya and the Punjabi communities follow suit.
The BJP's decision to field External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj's younger sister Vandana Sharma in the Assembly election has upset at least half a dozen local BJP leaders who were eyeing the same seat.
Some Brahmin leaders expressed unhappiness with the BJP's decision to overlook the community for the Badshahpur and Gurgaon seats.
There is a lot of discontent over new entrants into the BJP like Rao Inderjit Singh getting a lot of prominence.
2

Vrindavan widows angry with Hema Malini  to talk to Mamata BanerjeeSep 23, 2014 at 04:18pm IST
Vrindavan widows angry with Hema Malini, to talk to Mamata Banerjee
7
0
Vrindavan: Worried about their future in the holy town of Vrindavan after local MP Hema Malini's "outsider" remarks, a group of widows on Tuesday left for their home state West Bengal where they want to discuss the matter with Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee.
"What Hema Malini has said is scary. Does she want to remove us from here? Where will we go?" 65-old-year Aarti Nath said.
She had left her Howrah home four years ago after her son started misbehaving following her husband's death. Vrindavan, where thousands of widows live and worship Lord Krishna, was her only refuge.
"What Hema Malini has said is scary. Does she want to remove us from here? Where will we go?" 65-old-year Aarti Nath said.
#hema malini #widow row #vrindavan #mamata banerjee
Along with 50 others, she left for Kolkata today from Vrindavan to celebrate Durga Puja. They have sought an appointment with the CM and Governor K N Tripathi to discuss the matter with them during their stay.
"We will talk to her on this if the government can help us. Not all of us go and beg in temples. We have been given a bad name," another widow who stays in an ashram sponsored by NGO Sulabh said.
The former screen goddess and now a BJP MP Hema Malini had recently stoked controversy with her remarks that widows from West Bengal and Bihar should not crowd Vrindavan. She had said that responsibility of looking after widows should be of states from where they hail.
West Bengal's Minister of Women and Child Welfare Shashi Panja told PTI that she would meet the widows during their Kolkata visit.
"First we need to understand what these widows want from us. After that we will decide what help can be given from the state government side," she said.
NGO Sulabh is looking after 1,000 Vrindavan widows as part of a Supreme Court directive to remove the stigma attached to their lives.
Forced into a life of isolation, dejection and poverty, these widows were living under pathetic conditions without any proper food, medical and hygienic facilities. Sulabh has now started providing pension, food, health and other facilities to these women, besides giving them vocational training and employment.
4

Mars Orbiter Mission: The 14 ISRO scientists behind Mangalyaan126
32
Bangalore: The countdown has begun for India's Mars Orbiter Mission popularly known as Mangalyaan to enter the Martian orbit on September 24. The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) successfully test-fired the Mars Orbiter Mission's main engine on Monday, which was in the sleep mode for 10 months.
Mangalyaan is primarily a technological mission and it has been configured to carry out observation of physical features of Mars and carry out limited study of the Martian atmosphere.
A team of 14 ISRO scientists is credited as being the brain behind this mission. If successful, ISRO will be among a league of three other agencies that have achieved success on missions to Mars.
Mangalyaan is primarily a technological mission and it has been configured to carry out observation of physical features of Mars.
#isro #mangalyaan #mars orbiter mission #mars mission
1. K Radhakrishnan: He is the Chairman of ISRO and Secretary in department of space. He was responsible for leading the mission and overall activities of ISRO. He said, "It has been a new and complex mission. The journey has begun, the challenging phase is going to come."
2. M Annadurai: He is the Programme Director of Mars Orbiter Mission. He joined ISRO in 1982 and is leading many Remote Sensing and Science missions. He was responsible for budget management, direction for spacecraft configuration, schedule and resources. He was the project director of Chandrayaan-1 and now Chandrayaan- 2, the Indian missions to Moon.
As it is India's first true inter-planetary mission, the challenge for him was to ensure enough autonomy for the spacecraft to take decisions on its own and negotiate a nearly 50 per cent difference in climatic conditions between Earth and Mars.
3. S Ramakrishnan: He is the Director of Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre and Member Launch Authorisation Board. He joined ISRO in August 1972 and played a key role in the development of PSLV and was responsible for development of liquid propulsion stages and their interfacing with vehicle and launch operations.
He is responsible for realising the rocket (Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle) that ferried the Mars orbiter. He said, "From here to go to Mars we are going to use only a fraction of what we did in getting to the (Earth) orbit."
The challenge for him was the launch of the rocket. He said the launch window was only five minutes. The 28 minutes coasting time of the rocket before the ignition of the fourth engine was also long. The overall launch duration of around 45 minutes was nearly double that of the normal PSLV launches.
4. SK Shivakumar: He holds the position of the Director of ISRO Satellite Centre. He joined ISRO in 1976 and since then he has made several contributions to planning and operations of Indian satellite missions. He was the project director for India's first indigenous Deep Space Network antenna. He was responsible for developing satellite technology and implementing satellite systems for scientific, technological and application missions. He said, "Our baby is up in the space. It was almost like a caesarean."
5. P Kunhikrishnan: The project director of PSLV programme and was appointed as mission director for the ninth time. He joined ISRO in 1986 and was the mission director of eight successful PSLV  Missions. He is the mission director of PSLV-C25/Mars Orbiter Mission, scheduled to be launched on November 5.
He was responsible for seeing the rocket completes its mission successfully and that the satellite is correctly injected in the designated orbit.
The challenge for him was that the orbital characteristic of the Mars Mission is different from regular PSLV missions. The total duration of the launch was 44 minutes. This required prudent thermal management and protecting the systems and equipment from low temperatures in the space.
6. Chandradathan: He is the Director of Liquid Propulsion system. He joined ISRO in 1972. Initially, he worked for the SLV-3 Project during its design phase and later was involved in the development of solid propellant formulations for SLV-3 and over three decades, made rich contribution to the realisation of solid motors for sounding rockets, SLV-3, ASLV and PSLV.
7. AS Kiran Kumar: The Director of Satellite Application Centre joined  ISRO in 1975. He has contributed to the design and development of Electro-Optical Imaging Sensors for Airborne, LEO and GEO platform based imaging sensors starting from Bhaskara TV payload to the latest TMC adHySI payloads for Chandrayaan-1 missions.
He was responsible for designing and building three of the orbiter payloads - Mars Colour Camera, Methane Sensor and Thermal Infrared Imaging Spectrometer. The challenge before him was miniaturising the components as the satellite does not provide much space.
He said, "We have been successful in completing the first step in the long mission."
8. MYS Prasad: He is the Director of Satish Dhawan Space Centre and Chairman of the Launch Authorisation Board. From 1975 to 1994, he worked in the launch vehicle development programmes of ISRO. He was part of the project Ttam of SLV-3, the first indigenously developed launch vehicle of India. He was director of the Master Control Facility of ISRO from 1998 to 2005.
He was responsible for range safety and schedules, overall in-charge at rocket port.
As the launch was during northeast monsoon season the challenge was to enhance weather forecasting capability to 10 days and simultaneously carrying out preparatory work for Mars Mission while dismantling the GSLV rocket after the mission was aborted earlier this year.
9. S Arunan: The Project Director of Mars Orbiter Mission and was responsible for leading a team to build the spacecraft.
The challenge for him was to build a new communication system, making of the spacecraft which was largely autonomous to take decisions, making the orbiter engine which would restart after 300 days, designing of solar power cells and developing new navigation software.
10. B Jayakumar: He is the Associate Project Director of PSLV project. He is responsible for the rocket systems, testing till the final lift-off.
11. MS Pannirselvam: The Chief General Manager of range operation director at Sriharikota Rocket port was responsible for maintaining launch schedules without any slippages.
12. S Arunan: Project Director of Mars Orbiter Mission at Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO).
13. V Kesava Raju: The Mission Director of Mars Orbiter Mission
14. ISRO scientific secretary V Koteswara Rao.
2754

Mars orbiter insertion on Wednesday; Will India make space historySep 23, 2014 at  06:51pm IST
Mars orbiter insertion on Wednesday; Will India's Mangalyaan make space history?
7
0
Bangalore: As India's Mars mission moved a step closer to home after the dormant main engine on the spacecraft was test-fired flawlessly, ISRO looked confident of giving one final nudge on Wednesday to put it in orbit around Mars that, if successful, would see it make space history.
In the final lap, the operation is scheduled to be performed at 07:17:32 hrs on Wednesday by firing the LAM along with eight smaller liquid engines for about 24 minutes.
The tricky manoeuvre involves slowing down the spacecraft now moving at benumbing speed to be captured in the Martian orbit, success of which would make India the first country to go to Mars in the maiden attempt.
In the final lap, the operation is scheduled to be performed at 07:17:32 hrs on Wednesday.
#mars orbiter mission #mars #mars mission #isro
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will witness the crucial Mars Orbiter Insertion at the Spacecraft Control Centre at ISRO Telemetry Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC) in Bangalore. The main engine on the spacecrat, in slumber since the 300-day journey began, was woken up yesterday, though for four seconds after a successful crucial manoeuvre that has raised the confidence level of ISRO scientists.
The 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) on Mars Orbiter Spacecraft was last fired on December 01, 2013. Monday's twin operation also involved a trajectory correction that means the spacecraft is on course.
In the final action on Wednesday, the orbiter has to be slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second in relation to the red planet to be captured by the Martian orbit. The engine would be fired for 24 minutes to reduce its velocity and insert it into the Martian orbit.
ISRO has uploaded commands to help the spacecraft automatically enter the orbit.
856

Boodigo: Former Google employees launch a porn search engine58
3
Los Angeles: It's not every day that a new search engine takes its place on the Internet, much less one specialising in pornography as is the case with Boodigo, a tool developed by former Google employees who plan to make it the portal for the adult entertainment industry on the Web.
Boodigo made its official debut Sep 15 and "has taken off like a rocket", Colin Rowntree, one of its founders and also the owner of the Wasteland.com festishist porn site, told Spain's EFE news agency in a telephone interview.
Rowntree and Wasteland teamed up with Los Angeles tech company 0x7a69, whose engineers spent over a year developing Boodigo's operating system, including an algorithm that prioritises links that are dismissed by mainstream search engines.
Boodigo is organised with a double process of verification; it also guard the user's anonymity.
#boodigo #porn search engines #search engines
"Google and Bing have gradually been weeding out the industry's adult content and that (for us) has been tremendously frustrating. If someone is looking for videos of oral sex and tries to find them via Google, what they get is an article by Wikipedia and advice from Cosmopolitan. And when they get what they're looking for it can well be pirated material," Rowntree said.
Despite being taboo for many people, pornography is tremendously popular on the internet as shown by Google statistics, where the term "porn" has had a rate of interest no less than 80 percent since 2010 on a scale of 1 to 100 used to measure trends on the search engine.
Boodigo is organised with a double process of verification, which in the first place associates key words of the search with content, and secondly checks to see that the content belongs to trustworthy sites and not to pirate sites with fraudulent and malicious intentions, the Boodigo founder said.
The search engine was also designed to guard the user's anonymity.
According to its privacy policy, "Boodigo does not use cookies or other user-tracking technologies to gather information about our users."
"That makes us different from Google and Bing, and was another reason for creating it," Rowntree said.
45

Jolla s Sailfish OS review: Saves time once you get used to the gestures51
0
Sailfish is based on the Linux operating system and comes from the Finnish company Jolla (pronounced "yolla"). Former Nokia employees created Jolla after that struggling cellphone maker abandoned an in-house operating system in favour of Microsoft's Windows Phone.
There's only one phone out so far, the homonymous Jolla, which was initially available in Europe and it is now available in India via Snapdeal at Rs 16,499 .
ALSO SEE The first Jolla smartphone with Sailfish OS comes to India at Rs 16,499
Getting a hang of the Sailfish OS takes time. It emphasises gestures over tapping. Access many functions by swiping from an edge on the screen.
There's only one Sailfish OS phone out so far, the homonymous Jolla, that is now available in India via Snapdeal at Rs 16,499.
#jolla #sailfish os #reviews
The home screen has nine large rectangles, similar to an elongated tic-tac-toe board. These are filled with up to nine of your open apps, so you can instantly get to any one.
You can tap to open an app, but what's neat is you can reach a task directly by pressing gently on the rectangle and dragging your finger. For the mail app, drag from the left to create a new message, or drag from the right to refresh messages. For the phone app, drag from the left to get the dialer, or drag from the right to get your list of contacts.
This saves time once you get used to the gestures.
To close an app, you can swipe down from the top edge like a window shade. If you're already on the home screen, swipe down to lock the phone.
Swipe from the left or the right edge within an app to get the home screen. Do that from the home screen to change background, ring tones and other settings. Or if you replace your phone's back cover with a promotional cover, you get special content, such as social media feeds on Angry Birds.
Apple had introduced similar gesture controls with its iOS 7, but Sailfish goes much further.
There aren't many apps written for Sailfish yet, but Sailfish phones have a special tool for running most Android apps. You won't get some of the gesture functions, though.
116

Mars Orbiter Mission: The countdown to entering the Martian OrbitOn September 24, the insertion exercise will begin at at 4:17 AM.
Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) will switch over to the medium gain antenna. At 6:56 AM.
21 minutes prior to the start of the maneuver there spacecraft will rotate forward to point its engine.
Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) will switch over to the medium gain antenna. At 6:56 AM.
#mangalyan #mars orbiter mission #isro #mars
The nail-biting moment will be at 7:17 AM. The burn of the liquid apogee motor has to start and reduce the spacecraft's speed relative to Mars from 22.3 to 4.2 kilometers per second. It has to awaken after "sleeping" for 300 days.
What is making the scientists nervous is that the burn will begin on the other side of the Red Planet and telemetry will stop at 7:22 AM.
They will receive confirmation that it has "woken up" only at 7:30 AM. If the signal is positive it will be a moment for celebration.
The engine will stop burning at 7:41 AM and communication with the spacecraft will be re-established at 7:47 AM.
This is called Plan A and if it is successful, it will be declared at about 8:15 a.m.
The engine will fire again for about 24 minutes, imparting a deceleration force of 1098.7 metres per second to enable the spacecraft to slip into an orbit with a nearest distance of 423 km to the Red Planet and a farthest distance of 80,000 km. The manoeuvre will consume 249.5 kg of the 280 kg fuel on board the spacecraft.
ISRO's Rs 450 crore Mars mission, launched on November 5, 2013 on board the PSLV-C25 rocket, is one of the cheapest voyages undertaken by any space faring nation. If successful, it will put ISRO among a league of three other agencies that have achieved success on missions to Mars.
The spacecraft is scheduled to enter the orbit of Mars exactly 48 hours after NASA's 16th successful Mars mission with its Maven spacecraft on Monday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who will be in Bangalore on Wednesday, is scheduled to visit ISRO's mission operation centre in Peenya to congratulate scientists if the mission goes according to plan.
Pre-Launch Updates
PSLV-C25, in its twenty fifth flight successfully launches Mars Orbiter Mission Spacecraft from SDSC SHAR.
PSLV-C25 lifted off at 14:38 hrs.
Automatic sequencing of launch initiated.
Launch authorised by Mission Director for GO at 14:24 hrs.
Mobile Service Tower (MST) withdrawal to final parking (150m) completed. Countdown is normal.
All vehicle systems are switched ON for the final eight and half hour countdown starting at 6:08 hrs (IST).
Second Stage (PS2) Propellant filling operations completed.
November 4, 2013
Second Stage (PS2) Propellant filling commenced.
Mobile Service Tower (MST) withdrawal upto 50m is completed.
Mandatory Checks and Preparations for Propellant filling operations of Second Stage (PS2) are in progress.
November 3, 2013
Propellant filling of PS4 stage and RCT completed.
Mixed Oxides of Nitrogen (MON) filling of PS4 completed at 17:00 hrs (IST).
Mixed Oxides of Nitrogen (MON) filling of PS4 under progress.
Mono Methyl Hydrazine (MMH) filling of Reaction Control Thrusters (RCT) completed.
Mono Methyl Hydrazine (MMH) filling completed.
Propellant filling operations of Fourth Stage (PS4) are in progress.
The 56 hr 30 min countdown of Mission commenced at 06:08 hrs (IST).
November 2, 2013
All the pre-countdown activities have been completed satisfactorily and the 56 and half hour countdown of Mission will commence November 3, 2013 at 06:08 hrs (IST).
Pre-count down activities of Mission commenced at 08:45 hrs.
Nov 01, 2013
Launch Authorisation Board has approved & cleared the PSLV-C25/Mars Orbiter Mission launch on Nov 05, 2013 at 14:38 hrs (IST)
56 and half hr countdown for launch will begin on Nov 03, 2013 at 06:08 hrs (IST)
Oct 31, 2013
Launch Rehearsal of PSLV-C25/Mars Orbiter Mission has been completed successfully in the afternoon on Oct 31, 2013.
Launch Rehearsal of PSLV-C25/Mars Orbiter Mission commenced at 06:08 hrs (IST) on Oct 31, 2013 at First Launch Pad, SDSC SHAR.
Vehicle systems powered and health is normal.
Oct 30, 2013
Spacecraft & Launch Vehicle integrated level checks completed.
Preparations for Launch Rehearsal are under progress.
Oct 22, 2013
Spacecraft Integration with the Launcher PSLV-C25 Completed.
Heat Shield Closure Activity is completed.
2

M&M set to launch new scooter Gusto next weekHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Mahindra set to launch new scooter Gusto next week
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
Mahindra Two Wheelers Ltd (MTWL) will launch its scooter ‘Gusto’ in northern and western regions on September 29 and at a later date across the country in a phased manner. The two-wheeler would be launched in Nepal also on Monday.
The company, which was working on the two-wheeler code named G101, will launch it the vehicle in South Asia, Latin America and Africa in a few months, MTWL said in a statement.
“Gusto comes with an all Aluminium M-TEC engine with features such as a stronger crankshaft and bearings, high inertia magneto, high energy HT coil and series regulator to deliver superior power, efficiency and reliability,” Rajesh Jejurikar, Chief Executive – Farm Equipment and Two Wheeler Division said.
“The Gusto’s styling has its origins in Italy and it has been conceptualised based on extensive research and in-depth consumer insights,” he added.
The Gusto, which has been developed at MTWL’s R&D facility in Pune, is the first product to be developed independently after it acquired Kinetic six years back.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

NPPA eases price curbs on non-NLEM drugsNPPA eases price curbs on non-NLEM drugs
Nalinakanthi V
Tweet
September 23, 2014:  
In a surprise development the drug price regulator — the National Pharma and Pricing Authority (NPPA) — on Monday withdrew the internal guidelines issued to fix prices of drug formulations outside the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM). These guidelines served as the basis for the NPPA’s move in July when it resolved to restrict the selling price of 108 formulation medicines used to treat cardiovascular disorders and diabetes.
Welcoming this move, S V Veerramani, President IDMA, added that the withdrawal of price fixation guidelines under para 19, which grants powers to restrict prices of drug formulations beyond the NLEM, will improve the viability of drug-makers. This should allay the fears of pharma companies, which were concerned about the widening span of control. This was because the Government could practically bring any drug under price control using the para 19 provision should there be significant deviation in the prices of various brands of the same underlying molecule.
“With the reversal of the guidelines, it is expected that the NPPA will annul the price cap imposed on 108 cardiovascular and anti-diabetes drugs soon,” says Veerramani.
This, if it happens, will spell a big relief for Sanofi India, the Indian subsidiary of the French multinational Sanofi. Sanofi India’s stock has fallen over 8 per cent since July, after the NPPA imposed a ceiling on its top-selling brands, including its anti-diabetes brands Amaryl and Cetapin V, and anticoagulant drug Clexane. These brands account for over a fourth of the company’s sales. Sanofi India’s stock zoomed over 11 per cent in trade on Tuesday in anticipation that the Government will soon lift price restriction on these drugs.
While the NPPA move may likely boost investor sentiment in pharma stocks, the patient community, which was hoping to save on its medical expenses, would be a disappointed lot.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Ready for a day at IIM-AReady for a day at IIM-A?
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 23:  
Like every year, IIM-Ahmedabad will be celebrating Joy of Giving week this year from October 6 to 12. IIM-A celebrates the Joy of Giving week with events such as Wish Tree, Clothes collection drive and A Day @IIMA.
A Day @ IIMA
In this event, people from outside the IIM-Ahmedabad community will get a chance to spend a day at the campus. This event is scheduled to be held on October 12. In this event, a new batch of up to 90 students can spend a day in the campus and jazz it up with classes, case studies, quizzes, club interactions and campus tours. They will get the opportunity to interact with the students and the professors.
IIM-A is accepting applications for participating in A Day @IIMA till September 25.
The aspirants have to submit their thoughts on any of the three topics: primary education, sanitation, healthcare. The write-up should be limited to 500 words.
They can access this Google form to complete their submission.
The students can mail their write-ups at joyofgiving@iimahd.ernet.in titled in the JOGW_Name.doc format.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

No interlocutor on Kashmir: RajnathSinghPrint
The Home Minister also made it clear that he was not averse to talks and took a veiled dig at separatist conglomerate Hurriyat Conference. (Agencies)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:41 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 5:43 pm
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh has ruled out appointment of any interlocutor on Jammu and Kashmir saying such practices had been “non-productive” in the past.
The Home Minister also made it clear that he was not averse to talks and took a veiled dig at separatist conglomerate Hurriyat Conference saying he was against non- productive talks by anti-nationals “to burnish their own political image”.
The Minister was asked that since Joint Intelligence Chief N Ravi was appointed as an interlocutor for the Northeast, whether a similar proposal for Kashmir was on the cards.
“How long can we go on appointing interlocutors? The practices of the past which are non-productive must be discontinued. Therefore, I am not in favour of appointing interlocutors for Jammu and Kashmir.
“Now the time has come to have a rethink on appointing interlocutors. Having said this, let me clarify that I am not averse to talks. But I am also not in favour of non-productive talks which are carried out by anti-nationals to burnish their own political image in either Jammu and Kashmir or the Northeast,” he was quoted as having said in an interview to a fortnighly magazine ‘Governance Now’.
Academician Radha Kumar, veteran journalist Dileep Padgaonkar and M M Ansari had been interlocutors on Kashmir during UPA rule.
The Home Minister said government was keen on restoring peace in the northeast by empowering people and “not those who are working against the country’s interests.
About the initiatives taken by him since he was appointed as Home Minister, Singh said he would not be sharing operational details but added “my foremost task is to improve the morale of the forces. I have given clear instructions that we would not let our forces down, come what may.”
Asked how he felt when he was bypassed in the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC) on matters related to crucial appointments in the government, Singh replied “I am amazed at people’s tendency to make a mountain out of a molehill. This is a procedural issue which does not merit undue attention. I am doing what I need to do.”
I have given clear instructions that we would not let our forces down, come what may.

Google India launches new campaign with Farhan Akhtar to help women get onlineThe campaign in association with Farhan Akhtar's initiative MARD, aims to increase internet literacy among women in the country.
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:18 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 5:28 pm
Search giant Google on Tuesday launched a new social campaign in association with Bollywood actor-director Farhan Akhtar’s initiative MARD, to increase internet literacy among women in the country.
Google India had first time launched a ‘digital literacy’ initiative campaign called ‘Helping Women Get Online’ (HWGO) in collaboration with Intel, HUL and Axis Bank late last year.
“The first phase has been very successful. In the last 12 months, the number of women using the internet has grown 35 per cent as against 31 per cent by men. This for the first time that women have surpassed men in using internet. This is just the start of the programme as it’s only 10 months when we  launched it (the first phase),” Google India vice president and managing director Rajan Anandan said here.
As the company ramps up its activities and takes many of them to the next level, it expects further acceleration in the campaign, Anandan said.
The jointly-promoted campaign called ‘ReachForTheSky’ will look to generate awareness about the need to get women online.
It will also encourage existing users to help get more  women online and spread awareness of gender equality and women empowerment.
Despite India inching closer to become the second  largest internet users’ country, the number of women using internet is lower than most of the countries, he said adding, “empowering the young women population with information and internet related tools could transform India’s future.” We need to build on this start and join the campaign with MARD to encourage women to come online, he added.
Google India head for marketing Sandeep Menon said the company’s aim is to help bring 50 million women online in the country.

BEPS Action Plan: Tackling Treaty AbuseTweet
Published on Tue, Sep 23,2014 | 17:28, Updated at Tue, Sep 23 at 17:28Source : Moneycontrol.com 
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) published a discussion draft in March 2014 on proposals for addressing perceived abuse of tax treaties. The draft recommended extensive changes to the OECD Model Treaty together with suggested domestic law provisions targeted at treaty abuse or abuse of domestic law where the abuse involves application of treaty benefits. It also proposed a change to the preamble of tax treaties to clarify that tax treaties are not designed to create double non-taxation and included potential tax policy issues that countries might consider in deciding whether to enter into a tax treaty.
A focal point of the discussion draft was the proposal for a US-style limitation on benefits article (LoB) to provide an objective basis for entitlement to treaty benefits for companies with a nexus in the resident country as well as a subjective main purpose/ anti-abuse rule within the LOB article.
In lieu of this singular combined LoB/ Main Purpose Test approach, the OECD report on Action 6 now proposes a "minimum level of protection" to prevent treaty abuse, suggesting two alternatives to the combined approach that treaty partners may consider. Significantly, the LoB now includes a "derivative benefits test" provision allowing certain entities owned by residents of other States to obtain treaty benefits if these residents would have obtained the same benefits had they invested directly.
For more please read the attached PwC News Alert.
Disclaimer: The information/opinions expressed in this report/newsletter are those of the author. This website has not verified the accuracy of the claims made in the report/newsletter, nor does it agree or disagree with, or endorse any information/opinions contained therein.

SC stays CCI penalty on NSE; issues noticeSC stays CCI penalty on NSE; issues notice
Sharda Cropchem makes smart market debut; stock surges 48%Sharda Cropchem makes smart market debut; stock surges 48%
Delhi property market takes a hit on 20% circle rate increaseDelhi property market takes a hit on 20% circle rate increase
IFC raises Rs 6 bn via Maharaja bondsIFC raises Rs 6 bn via Maharaja bonds
FICCI-led delegation to reach US ahead of Modi s visitFICCI-led delegation to reach US ahead of Modi s visit
Sensex down 431 points on weak Europe  China dataSensex down 431 points on weak Europe  China data
Jordan confirms it took part in Syria airstrikesJordan confirms it took part in Syria airstrikes
Lodha to invest $5bn in London realty; IPO on backburnerLodha to invest $5bn in London realty; IPO on backburner
Mars orbiter insertion; will India make space historyMars orbiter insertion; will India make space history
Jenson & Nicholson (India): Updates on outcome of AGMSep 23, 2014, 05.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Jenson & Nicholson (India): Updates on outcome of AGM
Jenson & Nicholson (India) has submitted a copy of the proceedings of the 91st Annual General Meeting held on September 18, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jenson & Nicholson (India): Updates on outcome of AGM
Jenson & Nicholson (India) has submitted a copy of the proceedings of the 91st Annual General Meeting held on September 18, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Jenson & Nicholson (India) Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 91st Annual General Meeting held on September 18, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Jaypee Infratech: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 23, 2014, 05.52 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Jaypee Infratech: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Jaypee Infratech has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 7th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 22, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jaypee Infratech: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Jaypee Infratech has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 7th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 22, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Jaypee Infratech Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 7th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 22, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Bodal Chemicals: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 23, 2014, 05.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bodal Chemicals: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Bodal Chemicals has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 28th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 22, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bodal Chemicals: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Bodal Chemicals has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 28th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 22, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Bodal Chemicals Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 28th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 22, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Overseas funds seek to buy $400-500 mn stake in Aditya Birla RetailOverseas funds seek to buy $400-500 mn stake in Aditya Birla Retail
Reuters | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 05:03 PM IST
L Capital, Temasek Holdings and International Finance Corp are in advanced talks to buy a 30% stake in the retail arm of Aditya Birla Group for about $400-500 million, two sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
The sources said the three private equity funds are looking to buy the stake in Aditya Birla Retail, which includes apparel maker Madura Fashion & Lifestyle, department store chain Pantaloons and supermarket chain More.
"The talks are quite advanced and are in the final lap," said one of the sources.
Aditya Birla Group will use the funds to expand its retail operations, the sources also said, declining to be named as the talks are still private.
Temasek and Aditya Birla Group declined to comment. L Capital, the private equity arm of LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA
, and World Bank unit IFC were not immediately available for comment.

Fears rise as Afghan boomtowns at risk© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8079020-3741-11e4-b45c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SBI cuts peak deposit ratesSave this video
Copy URL
The country's largest lender State Bank of India has brought down its peak interest rate on domestic term deposits between one and three years to 8.75% from 9% earlier. The bank has also revised upward by 25 basis points rates in deposits between six months to 210 days to 7.25%.
56

SIPHIWE SIBEKO / Reuterssiphiwe sibeko / reuters
Afghan presidential rivals to share power© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/33d07180-415b-11e4-b98f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Europe groups fear US tax crackdownEurope groups fear being caught in US tax crackdown
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6d9c5c10-404f-11e4-a343-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

We Made History: 310 000 March for Climate Actionreddit
Today I joined the People's Climate March --the biggest rally for climate action ever.  It was exhilarating to be part of this historic event.  I will never forget the moment I turned the corner at Columbus Circle and saw a sea of people stretching for miles in each direction. More than 310,000 of us came together in the streets of New York City to raise our voices and demand world leaders act on climate.
Marching with NRDC colleagues and members
The energy of the crowd was electric and the mood upbeat and friendly. People sang, chanted and played instruments. They cheered with their young children, and they applauded each other's signs and banners. They struck up conversations with strangers, because everyone knew we had something in common: a commitment to fight climate change.
That commitment is a powerful unifying force. I marched beside my husband, my daughters and many of my NRDC friends and colleagues. We were joined by people of all ages, races, and communities. Marchers came from Newark, New Orleans, Nebraska, and beyond. I spoke to a group of Canadians who had driven all through the night just to be a part of the event. Others flew from Turkey, India, and South Africa.
I have long understood that climate change is not only an environmental issue--it is a humanitarian, economic, health, and justice issue as well. Today's march reflected all those concerns.
There were Harlem community leaders who know urban neighborhoods pay a steep for dirty energy. There were nurses who remember when Superstorm Sandy closed down Bellevue Hospital and left nearby low-income communities without adequate health care. There were United Auto Workers members who believe climate justice equals labor justice. And there were representatives from the New York City Council, the Iroquois Confederacy, the Cowboy and Indian Alliance, the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Climate Change Initiative, and thousands of other groups.
At 12:58, we observed two minutes of silence in honor of those most impacted by climate change. Then the crowd erupted--calling out, ringing bells, cranking noise makers--to raise the alarm for climate action. It was extraordinary to hear the sound of hundreds of thousands of people from all walks of life joining together in one voice.
Our voices will still be echoing when world leaders arrive in New York on Tuesday for the United Nations Climate Summit . The international community knows how to tackle the climate crisis. We have the clean energy resources and the smart policies to do the job. What we need now is political will. The People's March on Climate demonstrated the groundswell of support for bold action.
I am so proud I could be a part of this momentous day. Like many others, I walked with my children because I want them to inherit a world without climate chaos. To create a more sustainable future, we must act today. This is our moment.
This post is part of a month-long series produced by The Huffington Post in conjunction with a variety of events being held in September recognizing the threats posed by climate change. Those events include the UN's Climate Summit 2014 (to be held Sept. 23, 2014, at UN headquarters in New York) and Climate Week NYC (Sept. 22-28, 2014, throughout New York City). To see all the posts in the series, read here .
More:

Its time for action  Google chief Eric Schmidt tells EUUpdated: September 22, 2014 18:22 IST
It’s time for action, Google chief Eric Schmidt tells EU
DPA
PTI Google chief Eric Schmidt
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Google chief Eric Schmidt said Europe’s leaders must do more to embrace the digital economy in order to boost growth and jobs, in an article published on Monday by the European Commission — despite its ongoing probe into the internet search giant.
“It’s time for action,” Mr. Schmidt wrote on the homepage of the European Union’s digital agenda commissioner, Neelie Kroes. “Instead of riding the wave of technological change and innovation, inaction will put Europe’s economy at risk,” he added.
Mr. Schmidt said “strong leadership” was necessary to reform the EU’s digital market, which is fragmented along national lines, predicting that reforms could boost the continent’s flagging economy by at least 4 per cent of gross domestic product by 2020.
“On a continent in search of economic hope, the internet represents the main motor of growth,” he said.
Ms. Kroes’s office said there was no connection between Mr. Schmidt’s column and the commission’s longstanding investigation into concerns that Google may be illegally squashing competitors.
The internet giant could be fined billions of euros if it fails to sufficiently address the complaints of rivals such as Microsoft, who argue that Google’s search results favour its specialised services — such as Google Maps, Google Shopping and Google Places.

Buying gold has never been this easyBuying gold has never been this easy
By Ivana Kottasova   @ivanakottasova September 22, 2014: 12:41 PM ET
Gold Brittania coins from the Royal Mint.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Looking for a savings account with a difference?
The British Royal Mint on Monday launched an online bullion trading service in a bid to attract investors to the precious metal.
Gold will now be as accessible to investors as a savings account, according to the Royal Mint.
The Royal Mint's website offers several kinds of coins which customers can buy within a few minutes. The flagship "Sovereign" is a 22-carat gold coin currently selling for just over $300.
The Royal Mint says it will offer gold at the "best possible prices."
Related: Generation Xers are poorer than their parents
It hopes to attract ordinary savers by making buying gold easily accessible.
"We want to help expand the bullion market in the U.K., particularly as coins offer a relatively affordable introduction," said the Royal Mint's director of commemorative coins and bullion, Shane Bissett.
Buyers can have their coins sent to their home, or -- if they buy more than 25 -- stored within the Royal Mint's vaults, which are guarded by the U.K. Ministry of Defence.
The Mint said that according to the World Gold Council, the gold market could attract up to $6.5 billion in investments from the U.K. alone if it was easier to access.
 
Using gold to treat cancer
However, like all investments, the price doesn't always go up. Gold bars might look reassuring but their value has dropped by about 6% over the last three years.
The Royal Mint has created coins for royals and governments for over 1,000 years.
First Published: September 22, 2014: 11:16 AM ET
Most Popular

Hakuna Matata:  Lion King  Is Box-Office Monarchhakuna matata:  lion king  is box-office monarch
Microlenders to open 30 million bank accounts by Aug 2015Microlenders to open 30 million bank accounts by Aug 2015
Commitment made at meet between representatives of 25 large microfinance firms, banks and govt officials
Markets temper expectations on infrastructure sector
The commitment was part of the government’s ambitious financial inclusion plan likely to be announced on Independence Day. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: Microfinance companies have committed to opening at least 30 million bank accounts within a year through tie-ups with banks as part of the government’s ambitious financial inclusion plan likely to be announced on Independence Day.
The commitment was made at a meeting on Monday between the representatives of 25 large microfinance companies and banks and government representatives, including financial services secretary G.S. Sandhu .
According to Sadaf Sayeed , chief operating officer at Muthoot Mahila Mitra, a microfinance company of Muthoot Fincorp Ltd , who was present at the meeting, the target to open 30 million accounts is an initial estimate.
“Around 80% of our borrowers do not have a bank account, but all have a credit bureau record; so, opening of accounts is not a problem. The government intends to use these accounts for direct cash transfers and link them to Aadhaar for eKYC (electronic know-your-customer rules). Microfinance companies will also integrate data with core banking solutions of banks,” Sayeed said.
The government may have to open anywhere between 75 million and 150 million accounts, depending on how many accounts each household gets, Mint had reported on 31 July.
Confirming this target, Alok Prasad , chief executive officer of Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN), an industry body, added that microfinance firms will also work on improving financial literacy, which is part of the government’s six-pillar strategy for financial inclusion.
On 28 July, Mint reported that the government’s financial inclusion plan will look to provide universal access to banking facilities with a basic bank account with an overdraft facility of Rs.5,000 and a RuPay-enabled debit and ATM card with an accident insurance cover of Rs.1 lakh. RuPay is a debit card payment network launched by the government in 2012.
“Based on how the discussions progress, the microfinance industry could also provide collections support to the banks as they roll out the Rs.5,000 credit limit with a RuPay card, as envisaged under the national mission,” Prasad said.
A general manager with a public sector bank who was also present at the meeting on Monday said the government plan includes allowing microfinance companies to access banking infrastructure which will help speed up the financial inclusion drive.
“Microfinance companies will now use banks’ technology platform and, hence, the transactions which they did by cash so far will be done through banks. In the first year, the programme will cover three aspects—opening accounts, maximizing reach and spreading financial literacy,” the banker said while requesting anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to the media.
According to Census 2011, 59% of the 246.7 million households across India have access to banking services—54% of the 167.8 million rural households and 67% of the 78.9 million urban households.
Once the mission is launched, its progress will be reviewed quarterly by the finance minister, rural development minister and the minister for communication and information technology. In addition, the financial services secretary will review the progress with bankers every month.

SKS Microfinance posts Rs49.32 crore profit in Q1Microlenders to open 30 million bank accounts by Aug 2015
Commitment made at meet between representatives of 25 large microfinance firms, banks and govt officials
Markets temper expectations on infrastructure sector
The commitment was part of the government’s ambitious financial inclusion plan likely to be announced on Independence Day. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: Microfinance companies have committed to opening at least 30 million bank accounts within a year through tie-ups with banks as part of the government’s ambitious financial inclusion plan likely to be announced on Independence Day.
The commitment was made at a meeting on Monday between the representatives of 25 large microfinance companies and banks and government representatives, including financial services secretary G.S. Sandhu .
According to Sadaf Sayeed , chief operating officer at Muthoot Mahila Mitra, a microfinance company of Muthoot Fincorp Ltd , who was present at the meeting, the target to open 30 million accounts is an initial estimate.
“Around 80% of our borrowers do not have a bank account, but all have a credit bureau record; so, opening of accounts is not a problem. The government intends to use these accounts for direct cash transfers and link them to Aadhaar for eKYC (electronic know-your-customer rules). Microfinance companies will also integrate data with core banking solutions of banks,” Sayeed said.
The government may have to open anywhere between 75 million and 150 million accounts, depending on how many accounts each household gets, Mint had reported on 31 July.
Confirming this target, Alok Prasad , chief executive officer of Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN), an industry body, added that microfinance firms will also work on improving financial literacy, which is part of the government’s six-pillar strategy for financial inclusion.
On 28 July, Mint reported that the government’s financial inclusion plan will look to provide universal access to banking facilities with a basic bank account with an overdraft facility of Rs.5,000 and a RuPay-enabled debit and ATM card with an accident insurance cover of Rs.1 lakh. RuPay is a debit card payment network launched by the government in 2012.
“Based on how the discussions progress, the microfinance industry could also provide collections support to the banks as they roll out the Rs.5,000 credit limit with a RuPay card, as envisaged under the national mission,” Prasad said.
A general manager with a public sector bank who was also present at the meeting on Monday said the government plan includes allowing microfinance companies to access banking infrastructure which will help speed up the financial inclusion drive.
“Microfinance companies will now use banks’ technology platform and, hence, the transactions which they did by cash so far will be done through banks. In the first year, the programme will cover three aspects—opening accounts, maximizing reach and spreading financial literacy,” the banker said while requesting anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to the media.
According to Census 2011, 59% of the 246.7 million households across India have access to banking services—54% of the 167.8 million rural households and 67% of the 78.9 million urban households.
Once the mission is launched, its progress will be reviewed quarterly by the finance minister, rural development minister and the minister for communication and information technology. In addition, the financial services secretary will review the progress with bankers every month.

Epilogue: Set your DVRsBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 22 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Television season kicked off in earnest this weekend: “The Good Wife” returned last night on a highly dramatic note, while we will see whether “Sleepy Hollow” can keep up its delightful combination of wacky and emotionally appealing when its second season kicks off this evening. Of the shows that are coming back or premiering in the next month or so, I know I will be watching the following regularly, while dipping into some others: “New Girl,” “The Mindy Project,” “The Good Wife,” “Gotham,” “Sleepy Hollow,” “NCIS: New Orleans,” “Black-ish,” “Scandal,” “How to Get Away With Murder,” “Parenthood,” “Brooklyn Nine-Nine,” “Homeland,” “The Affair” and “Mom.”  So you tell me: What are you making appointment viewing? And what are you setting your DVR to capture?
Alicia (Julianna Margulies, left) and Diane (Christine Baranski) in “The Good Wife.” (Jeff Neira/CBS)

Housing data hits Wall Street; S&P has worst day since Aug 5Wall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Rockefellers join anti-fossil fuel drive© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c201f2e8-4279-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ferguson changes plans for its (media-free) town hall meetingsSt. Louis activist Anthony Shahid confronts councilman Steve Stenger during the St. Louis County Council meeting. (AP Photo/St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Robert Cohen)
Last week, a spokesperson for Ferguson, Mo., sent around a press release.
“Ferguson Mayor and City Council Announce Town Hall Meeting Schedules and Locations,” read the release, which — true to its word — then announced town hall meeting schedules and locations .
Fox News got the release. So did a Buzzfeed reporter. So did a bunch of journalists, including some at the Washington Post, obviously .
Town Hall Meeting Schedule by sarah_larimer
As the meeting approached, however, a Ferguson spokesman told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch that reporters would not be allowed in the forum . He confirmed this Monday in an e-mail to the Post, saying the city — which was working with the Community Relations Service from the Department of Justice — was “specifically told on multiple occasions, no media.”
“This was not and never was a decision made by the City and it will be up to DOJ to enforce it if that is their policy,” wrote Devin James, a spokesman for Ferguson. “The City simply wants to do what’s in the best interest of residents so they can have the opportunity to have meaningful dialogue.”
This closed-door policy is somewhat confusing. Because … you know… there was a press release. But that was also just the beginning.
#Ferguson cancels 1 of 3 “town hall” meetings, which banned reporters, set for Monday night: http://t.co/R7zoqQZzv1 via @STLtoday
— joelcurrier (@joelcurrier) September 22, 2014
On Monday afternoon — hours before the first town hall meetings were scheduled to occur — reporters received another e-mail.
“Due to concerns that residents were confused about which ward meeting to attend as well as limited resources concerning the safety and security measures we will no longer host the meetings based on wards and have eliminated the planned meeting at City Hall to simplify things for residents,” it read.
Who would be appearing at the meeting tonight? Was there still a city council meeting tomorrow, as planned ? What about future meetings — are those in jeopardy?
James said in an e-mail that one of tonight’s meetings was canceled , but he couldn’t disclose who would be at the meetings, because he wasn’t sure himself. Future meetings would be announced later, when locations were selected.
So, see? Still sort of confusing. Here’s what we know: Ferguson is working with the Community Relations Service, which does have a legislative mandate that mentions confidentiality .
“CRS is a conflict resolution agency that provides mediation, facilitation, training, and consulting services to help communities enhance their ability to independently prevent and resolve future conflicts,” reads the CRS section of the Department of Justice Web site .
It continues: “CRS uses conflict resolution strategies and does not investigate, prosecute, impose solutions, assign blame, or assess fault. CRS is required by law to conduct its activities in confidence and without publicity and is prohibited from disclosing confidential information about cases in which the Agency has provided services.”
The Community Relations Service also appeared in Florida after the 2012 death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin, who was killed in a controversial shooting .
Via the Orlando Sentinel:
“We are unique in that we don’t investigate or prosecute but foster communication between communities,” said acting Community Relations Service director Becky Monroe. “The real goal is to build local capacity to deal with these issues.”
They negotiate, ameliorate and communicate “under strict confidentiality,” Monroe said.
The Department of Justice in August ordered an independent autopsy of Michael Brown , a black teenager who was fatally shot by a white police officer last month. Brown’s death led to widespread unrest in the St. Louis suburb, and some local agencies are now the subject of federal reviews and probes .
Residents gathered at a St. Louis County Council meeting last week, where they called for the arrest of the officer involved in Brown’s Aug. 9 shooting . This weekend, protesters also appeared at Busch Stadium, home of the St. Louis Cardinals .
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Initial public offerings©Dreamstime
Initial public offerings
Keep up to date with companies looking to come to market as sentiment recovers after years in the doldrums
Search for

Students force change on economics coursesUniversities to revamp economics courses
By Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c0fe9722-4245-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotch whisky exports fall 11%Investment boom fails to halt 11% fall in Scotch whisky exports
By Mure Dickie in Edinburgh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/74747f58-427b-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fannie Freddie wind-down bill advances© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6dd65206-dc4c-11e3-a33d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investors stick with Fannie and Freddie© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd901df4-a9d9-11e3-8bd6-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Siemens  Cheque out© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/53ca5eae-4252-11e4-a9f4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Health of UK high streets ticks upHealth of high streets revives as economy gains strength
By Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4faaa24-3cc9-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK trade deficit widens again in JulyUK trade deficit widens again in July
By Emily Cadman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41e59950-37fe-11e4-b69d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex down 20 points in early tradestock exchanges
Worst drop for Sensex and Nifty in two-and-a-half months as realty, oil & gas, capital goods, metal and pharma segments lead the downslide; investor wealth drops more than Rs 1.63 lakh crore
Indian markets on Tuesday suffered a big jolt with Sensex crashing 431 points and Nifty plunging 129 points in their worst drop in two-and-a-half months following a sell-off in overseas markets on concerns over global growth.
Slower foreign fund inflow and profit-booking after the recent bull-run ahead of the expiry of September derivative contracts on Thursday also weighed on domestic sentiments.
Over 2,100 stocks listed on the BSE fell on Tuesday, wiping out more than Rs 1.63 lakh crore in investor wealth.
Selling was seen across the board as all 12 sectoral indices closed in the red logging losses between 0.38 per cent and 4.91 per cent. Realty, oil & gas, capital goods, metal and pharma segments led the downslide.
On the global front, data spooked investors after data showed Eurozone’s private sector activity slowed again this month. This sent major European markets on a downward spiral.
In Asia, indices closed mixed with a downward bias after a survey in China showed factory employment slumped to a five-and-a-half year low even as manufacturing grew more than expectations in September.
Back home, the BSE 30—share barometer, after few minutes intro trading touched a high of 27,256.87 but fell soon on emergence of profit-booking. Heavy selling forced the index to conclude at 26,775.69, a steep fall of 431.05 points or 1.58 per cent. Previously, it had stumbled by 517.97 points or 1.98 per cent on July 8, 2014.
Similarly, the wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE tanked by 128.75 points or 1.58 per cent to end at 8,017.55.
This is its worst drop since July 8 when it fell 164 points.
“Markets fell sharply on the back of profit booking and negative global cues. The selling pressure gained momentum after data released on Eurozone economic activity indicated continuing weakness in the region,” said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President — Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Stocks like Cipla, Tata Motors, Hindalco, Tata Steel and Tata Power were major laggards on Tuesday. TCS, Sun Pharma, SBI, RIL, ONGC, Mahindra and Mahindra, L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Coal India fell sharply. Bucking the trend, stocks of Hindustan Unilever, ITC, Maruti Suzuki and NTPC gained.

US should not be blind to injusticeAugust 13, 2013 5:55 pm
US should not be blind to injustice
Mandatory sentencing is neither fair nor cost-effective
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af1b99fa-0430-11e3-a8d6-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China sentences Uighur academic to life in prisonAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Chinas Fosun buys Portuguese insurerChina’s Fosun buys Portuguese insurer Caixa Seguros
By Peter Wise in Lisbon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ddcad8aa-7952-11e3-b381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fosun sets sights on reinsurance peakFosun sets sights on reinsurance peak
By Paul J Davies in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/88a6dc0c-5a36-11e2-a02e-00144feab49a.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hectic agenda awaits PM Narendra Modi in USLalit K Jha and Yoshita Singh     Washington/New York   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 14:24 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will have his hands full during his visit to the US, where he is expected to undertake more than 50 engagements over 100 hours of stay - from meeting US President Barack Obama to delivering his maiden speech at the UN General Assembly.
A hectic agenda awaits the Prime Minister in the US as he would utilise his stay to meet top global leaders, address thousands of cheering crowds, make a speech at the UN General Assembly (UNGA) and interact with CEOs of the Fortune 500, in addition to his Oval Office meeting with Obama.
The series of engagements - in a little over 100 hours from the time Air India One touches down at the John F Kennedy international airport in New York on September 26 till the wheels are up at the Andrews Air Force Base in Washington on September 30 evening - are all aimed at achieving Modi's goal of a resurgent India.
In his interactions with top American CEOs, a majority of whom are said to be from Fortune 500,  Modi would be rolling out his policy of red carpet and not red tape to invite them to come, invest and make in India.
In his interaction with leaders like American business magnate and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, the Prime Minister would be listening to his experience of smart cities.
In his address to nearly 20,000 Indian-Americans and in his subsequent meetings with the Indian diaspora, Modi is expected to seek their partnership in a resurgent India, which occupies its due place in the international community.
The former Chief Minister of Gujarat would also be meeting top American political leadership ranging from former US President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to Indian-American South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley.
Modi will be hosted for tea by Speaker of the US House of Representatives Joe Boehner and more than 50 lawmakers during his stay either in New York or Washington.
In Washington, there is a very high level of expectations from Modi's meeting with President Obama. Obama has gone out of his way to host a rare private dinner for the Prime Minister at the White House on September 29, so as to establish a personal relationship with the leader.
Ahead of his main summit at the White House on September 30, Modi would visit the Martin Luther King Memorial and Lincoln Memorial in Washington and pay floral tribute to Mahatma Gandhi's statue in front of the Indian Embassy. This would be for the first time that an Indian Prime Minister would have so many public and private engagements during a US visit.
With an unusually lean and thin delegation on board, the Air India One would land at the John F Kennedy Airport on September 26 afternoon, where Modi would be received by Indian Ambassador to the US S Jaishankar and Indian Ambassador to the UN Asoke Mukerji.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio would make a courtesy call to the Prime Minister on the day of his arrival. He would also meet Noble Laureate Harold Eliot Varmus, who is the current Director of the National Cancer Institute.
The Prime Minister would begin the next day, September 27, with a visit to the 9/11 memorial in New York, after which he is expected to drive down to the UN headquarters to address the 69th annual session of UN General Assembly. His speech will be televised live in India.
Following his address, Modi is scheduled to have a series of bilateral meetings with a host of world leaders. He would also meet Ban Ki-moon the UN General Secretary.
On Saturday Modi would meet Bloomberg, mainly because of his involvement in smart city projects. The Prime Minister is interested in seeking his views on the ambitions 100 smart cities project that his government has undertaken after coming to power in May this year.
The same day, the Prime Minister will drive down to the historic Central Park to address the annual Global Citizens Initiative, which aims at building a sustainable world community for all. Modi is expected to deliver an address to the thousands of people who would gather at the Central Park for the event.
Later in the evening, Modi would meet a small group of eminent Indian-Americans, with whom he would like to talk essentially about the role the community can play in achieving his goal of inclusive growth, resurgent India and to strengthen India-US relationship.
September 28 is a day dedicated to the Indian diaspora on his calendar, wherein he would address some 20,000 Indian- Americans - from 48 American States and five Canadian provinces - at the Madison Square garden, with several thousand people watching them live at the iconic Times Square. He would also meet Haley before heading to Madison Square Garden event.
Bobby Jindal, another Indian-American Governor, is not on Modi's list of meetings.
Several Congressmen, including Indian-American Ami Bera are scheduled to either listen to Modi's speech at the Madison Square Garden or attend the community dinner hosted in his honour by the Indian Ambassador later in the evening.
On Monday, September 29, Modi is expected to begin his day with a meeting with top American CEOs. While the list of attending CEOs has not been released, a significant majority of them are likely to be from Fortune 200 and almost all of them from Fortune 500, thus reflecting the new energy and enthusiasm about India among the top American corporate executives.
A select group of top American CEOs are likely to call on Modi separately on a one-on-one basis.
Thereafter, the Prime Minister has a meeting with former US President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. After meeting them, Modi will drive down to the Council on Foreign Relations, a top American think-tank where, he would interact with the who's who of the US think tank community on foreign policy matters.
The media has not been invited for it, but the event would be telecast live on the internet.
Soon after that, Modi would head towards the airport and land at the Andrews Air Force in Washington DC later in the afternoon. In the evening, Obama will host a private working dinner in Modi's honor at the White House.
Next morning, on September 30, Modi will visit the Marin Luther King Jr memorial and Lincoln memorial, and would pay floral tributes to Mahatma Gandhi's statue in front of the Indian Embassy in Washington DC. He would also spend some time inside the Embassy and interact with the Embassy staff - a practice that he has started during his overseas trips.
Thereafter, the Prime Minister would drive down to the White House for meeting with Obama at his Oval Office. A joint statement is expected to be issued at the end of the meeting. There is also a possibility of the two making a joint appearance to the media in the Rose Garden.
Modi would then be hosted for lunch by Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the State Department. Following the lunch, Modi would go to the Capitol Hill for a tea hosted in his honor by the Speaker of the US House of Representatives. A large number of US lawmakers are expected to attend this despite that they would be busy in their election campaign.
There is no separate Senate meeting, but many of the leading Senators are expected to meet him during the course of his stay in New York and Washington DC.
The US India Business Council (USIBC) would then host the final public engagement for the Prime Minister, which would be attended by a large number of American CEOs. Modi is likely to deliver a speech in the American capital, before the wheels are up at the Andrews Air Force Base in the evening of September 30.
(PTI)

U.S. acts to plug foreign merger tax loopholeTreasury acts to stop overseas tax 'inversions'
By Jeanne Sahadi   @CNNMoney September 22, 2014: 10:08 PM ET
 
Obama on tax inversion: 'It's not fair'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The U.S. Treasury Department on Monday announced what it called its "first, targeted steps" to make it harder for U.S. companies to reduce their tax bills by merging with foreign firms and moving abroad.
The process, known as inversion, has been all the rage in the corporate world this year.
The Obama administration, while urging Congress to act, had been threatening for months to crack down on inversions.
What Treasury did on Monday was issue tax guidance that will govern any inversion completed from today forward. It also imposed at least one new restriction that will affect companies that have recently inverted.
"These first, targeted steps make substantial progress in constraining the creative techniques used to avoid U.S. taxes," Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said.
The changes Treasury announced will make it harder for a U.S. company seeking inversion to escape paying U.S. tax on foreign earnings they have already made. For instance:
No more playing 'hopscotch': Companies only have to pay U.S. tax on their foreign earnings when they bring them back to the United States.
But inverted companies can get around this rule by having a foreign subsidiary it controls make a "hopscotch" loan to the new foreign parent instead of to the U.S. company.
Treasury will now consider such loans as "U.S. property" in many instances and treat the money as a taxable dividend.
 
Buffett helps Burger King bite off U.S. tax
In addition, the new rules will make it harder to check all the boxes necessary to complete a successful inversion in the first place. Two examples:
No more slimming down the U.S. company: In order to successfully invert, the U.S. partner must own less than 80% of the merged company. Treasury's new rules will make it a little harder to stay under that threshold.
Here's how: Sometimes U.S. companies will pay out large dividends just before inverting. That essentially shrinks their size.
Under the new rules, however, such pre-deal dividend payouts won't be counted for the purposes of the ownership requirement.
And no more fattening up the foreign partner: Likewise, the foreign partner's size may be increased by the inclusion of its "passive assets" -- money that isn't used for business operations, such as securities the firm owns.
From today on, though, Treasury will disregard those passive assets when tallying the size of the foreign partner (in cases when the passive assets make up at least half of the company's total assets).
One exemption: This revised rule will not apply to banks and financial service companies.
Is there more to come from Treasury? Overall, Monday's rule changes are aimed at stopping companies from using inversions to reduce taxes on foreign earnings they have already made.
But inverted companies can also cut their tax bills on future earnings through "earnings stripping," noted Steven Rosenthal, a senior fellow at the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center.
Earnings stripping can work like this: The foreign parent makes a large loan to the U.S. subsidiary. The interest on that loan is deductible, and those deductions can largely offset -- and even wipe out -- the taxes the company owes Uncle Sam.
Treasury officials have indicated they may target that technique in later rule changes.
Congress not expected to act: The push to curb inversions has been driven primarily by Democrats ahead of the midterm elections. President Obama and others have suggested that a U.S. company that moves its domicile abroad primarily for tax purposes is "unpatriotic."
Some high-ranking Democrats, such as Senators Charles Schumer and Carl Levin, have introduced legislation to curb inversions.
But few analysts think Congress will enact those measures this year.
And no one expects Congress to embark on comprehensive business tax reform before next year at the earliest.

Philips to split off lighting businessPhilips to split off lighting group in end of conglomerate era
By Duncan Robinson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/02e3e900-42fd-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

France won t stop fight against Islamic State despite kidnapping: French PMPrint
In this still image from video published on the Internet on Monday, Sept. 22, 2014, by a group calling itself Jund al-Khilafah, or Soldiers of the Caliphate, a captive Frenchman appeals to French President Francois Hollande to help free him. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Paris | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:38 pm
France’s prime minister says his country won’t stop fighting Islamic State militants despite demands by kidnappers holding a French hostage.
The 55-year-old man was abducted in Algeria on Monday by a splinter group from al-Qaida’s North African branch. The Jund al-Khilafah, or Soldiers of the Caliphate, said it would kill him unless France halts it airstrikes in Iraq within 24 hours.
Manuel Valls said Tuesday on Europe 1 radio that French authorities are “doing everything” to try to free the hostage, but won’t negotiate with his captors.
He said, “if we cede, if we retreat one inch, that would hand victory” to the militants.
French forces on Friday joined the U.S. in carrying out airstrikes against extremists who have overrun large areas of Syria and Iraq.

Maharashtra polls: Shiv Sena  BJP break seat-sharing deadlock; resume talksBJP
(Though there's no official…)
MUMBAI: Facing the media together for the first time in several days, senior Shiv Sena and BJP leaders today said the two parties were "firm" on continuing the alliance as they resumed the deadlocked seat-sharing talks for Maharashtra Assembly polls.
Top state leaders of the two oldest NDA allies sat down for talks ending a tense stand-off, a day after BJP President Amit Shah called up Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray in a bid to pull back the 25-year-old alliance from the brink of disintegration.
BJP had yesterday given a fresh proposal to the Sena, seeking for itself 130 of the state's 288 seats, a marginal climbdown from its earlier demand for 135, which its saffron ally had summarily rejected.
In an earlier proposal, BJP had suggested that the two major constituents of 'Mahayuti', a rainbow alliance of six parties, contest 135 seats each, leaving the rest for smaller partners which too had been trashed by Shiv Sena.
Senior Shiv Sena leaders including party MP and spokesman Sanjay Raut , its leader in the Legislative Assembly Subhash Desai and Rajya Sabha member Anil Desai drove down to BJP office in Dadar for the meeting, in an apparent softening of the party's stand after Uddhav's "final offer" of 119 seats to BJP on Sunday.
BJP's Maharashtra election in-charge O P Mathur, state President Devendra Fadvanis, Eknath Khadse and Vinod Tawde, Leaders of Opposition in the Assembly and Legislative Council respectively, were among those involved in the talks.
"Both parties today agreed that the alliance should remain. Both parties are firm that the old alliance should continue," Raut told reporters after the meeting.
"A new proposal came up today and it will be discussed with our other alliance partners later today," he said.
Tawde said neither party wanted the alliance to break. "It is the desire of Sena and BJP that the alliance continues. No leader from either party wants the 25-year-old alliance to break," he said.
Tawde said a new seat-sharing formula was discussed but did not disclose the details. "A final decision will be taken by this evening after consulting our 'Mahayuti' allies," he said.
Though there was no official word from either of them, the buzz was that Sena was agreeable to BJP's proposal of 130 seats but did not want its quota of 151 seats proposed by Uddhav to be slashed.
If agreed upon finally, it would leave the smaller 'Mahayuti' allies with just 7 seats to contest and the two major partners would have a tough time convincing them to accept it.
Other allies of 'Mahayuti' are--RPI (Athawale), Rashtriya Samaj Paksh, Swabhimani Shetkari Paksh and Shiv Sangram.
Blowing hot and cold yesterday, BJP general secretary incharge of Maharashtra Rajiv Pratap Rudy had said, "We are very keen that the alliance exists" but was prepared to contest all 288 seats "compelled" to break ties with Sena.
FEATURED ARTICLES

France to keep up Iraq strikes despite threat to hostageUpdated: September 23, 2014 17:20 IST
France to keep up Iraq strikes despite threat to hostage
DPA
Reuters French Prime Minister Manuel Valls
TOPICS
Iraq
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls on Tuesday defended France’s decision to carry out airstrikes against the Islamic State in Iraq in the face of threats by an allied Algerian jihadist group to execute a French hostage.
“France is a great nation which accepts its responsibilities,” Mr. Valls told Europe 1 radio, declaring the airstrikes would “obviously continue.” “If we give in, if we budge by an inch, we would be handing them victory,” he said, while admitting that the government was “very concerned” for the safety of hostage Herve Gourdel.
“France is not afraid,” Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve had said on Monday.
Mr. Cazeneuve’s statement came in response to a video released by Jund al-Khilafa (Soldiers of the Caliphate), in which the jihadist group threatened to execute Mr. Gourdel, a mountain guide from Nice, unless France ended its strikes on the Islamic State within 24 hours.
Gourdel was abducted Sunday in the north-eastern Algerian region of Kayblie while touring the region with a group of Algerian friends.
Jund al-Khilafa released the Algerians and took Mr. Gourdel to an unknown location.
In the video, Mr. Gourdel said his captors had told him to ask French President Francois Hollande not to intervene in Iraq and appealed to Mr. Hollande to save his life.

Metta World Peace is courting China with stuffed animal basketball shoesMetta World Peace is courting China with stuffed animal basketball shoes
Written by
Lily Kuo @lilkuo
September 23, 2014
Metta World Peace gets fouled by Jeremy LIn, also popular among Chinese fans, during a game in 2013.
SHARE
Lily Kuo @lilkuo
September 23, 2014
Metta World Peace, the former NBA player that just joined China’s pro basketball league, has begun his courtship of Chinese fans in earnest with a pair of panda basketball shoes.
Should I get in line now? Where can I get them?? RT @TheSportsDude : I love the new @MettaWorldPeace Panda Shoes pic.twitter.com/EXmbPxxUn1
— Dave Sanchez (@kroqkom) September 22, 2014
Metta said the shoes, also available in black , would be available on his website . One report said he would detach the panda from his shoes and toss it into the crowd before each game, but Metta has since said the stuffed animal is not detachable. Metta, who will be playing for the Sichuan Blue Whales , has also teased that he will be changing his name, yet again, to The Panda’s Friend .
The shoes are a way for Metta to engage with fans in China, where basketball has emerged as one the most country’s most lucrative and popular spectator sports, thanks in part to homegrown star Yao Ming. Basketball stars like LeBron James, Kobe Bryant , and Dwayne Wade (who left Nike for Chinese sports brand Li Ning), are all courting Chinese fans.
Metta, though known in China, is not as famous as some of his peers. While Kobe has over 3 million fans on his Weibo page, a Sina verified Weibo page for Metta  has only a little over 900,000. So far he’s posted photos of his first few days in China and updates, in English, like, “Found a great grocery story in China!!” Interactions with Chinese bloggers appear limited. One wrote in response to a post about the panda trainers, “These shoes are drunk.”
Share this:

Japan offers transport solutions for smart citiesJapan offers transport solutions for smart cities
Navadha Pandey
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept. 23:  
For the Government’s 100 smart cities initiative, Japan has offered location specific multi-modal transport solutions encompassing metro rail, mono rail and light rail transport for urban areas in India including ‘intelligent transport solutions’.
Post Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Japan, a 20-member delegation led by Akihiro Ohta, Japan’s Minister of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism met Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu on Tuesday.
The two countries have agreed that a framework of cooperation in urban development sector will be evolved for transport infrastructure, conservation and efficient use of energy, water supply and sanitation, a statement from the Urban Development Ministry said.
Japan has also agreed to associate itself in conducting a feasibility study for mono rail services between Gurgaon and Bawana, apart from transferring technology and expertise in earthquake proof construction. A pilot project will be considered for implementation in Delhi area, the statement added.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Israel kills Palestinian kidnap suspectsSeptember 23, 2014 9:02 am
Israel kills two Palestinians suspected in West Bank abductions
By Joel Greenberg in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/322dee18-42f3-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Only 3% of Indian cos really ready for growt...Companies
(India has fewer 'strategically…)
NEW DELHI: India has fewer 'strategically adrift' companies than observed globally, but only 3 per cent of Indian companies are really 'ready for growth', says a study.
The study titled 'Why Indian companies need to get Fit for Growth and what you can do' by PwC Strategy& noted nearly 80 per cent of surveyed organisations fall short of realising their growth potential because of being strategically adrift, distracted or capability constrained.
As per the study, only 3 per cent of Indian companies are really "ready for growth" and others must look to overcome specific challenges to future-proof themselves.
The global story is not too different, with only 13 per cent of over 200 surveyed organisations reporting high Fit for Growth scores.
A "strategically adrift" organisation for instance should look to re-craft its corporate strategy and align it with core capabilities, a "distracted" organisation must channelise its resources towards core activities, while a "capability constrained" organisation should review its operating model, the report said.
The report further noted that with the Indian economy beginning to bounce back, the time is now right for these organisations to get 'Fit for Growth' by investing in building scale and achieving the next level of growth.
"While organisations would rarely disagree that robust strategies, solid cost management and powerful organisations are critical to performance, few of them are masters in integrating all three elements which together form the foundation for a winning organisation," PwC Strategy& India Managing Director Jai Sinha said.
The Fit for Growth approach captures the essence of what constitutes a winning organisation- strategic clarity, optimal resource allocation and a supportive organisation - and evaluates how well a company fares across all three aspects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jet Airways announces economy fares of Rs 1 162You are here: Home > Collections > Flights
Jet Airways ups ante, announces economy fares of Rs 1,162 from Bangalore to various cities
ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 05.17PM IST
(The airline is the latest…)
MUMBAI: Jet Airways Tuesday announced all economy fares of Rs 1,162 for flights from Bangalore to various cities.
The airline is the latest to join the spate of fare wars that have been on this year, helping carriers fill their planes but also hurting their margins.
The airline had been sitting out the volley of discounts and offered by the likes of SpiceJet and IndiGo and in August lost its number 2 position to SpiceJet.
The Naresh Goyal-controlled carrier has since given several offers starting with a 40% off on economy class fares. Last week, the carrier offered rockbottom business class fares on domestic and international flights, some even half of normal economy fares.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Migrant labourer dead  another injured at Alang ship-breaking yardPrint
Written by Avinash Nair | Ahmedbad | Posted: September 23, 2014 6:01 pm
In an accident at world’s largest ship-breaking yard at Alang in Gujarat, a migrant labourer from Orissa died and another injured while working on a container ship that was beached for being broken at the yard in Bhavnagar district, official sources said here on Tuesday.
The incident happened when the 27-year-old victim Prasant Dakua slipped and fell while climbing a ladder during the oil removal process of the container ship MV Justus which was beached on plot number 58, belonging to Malwi Ship Breaking Company. The incident happened on Monday evening at 6 pm, said an official of the Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB) that overlooks and monitors ship-breaking activities at the yard.
Another labourer who was working with him was also injured and rushed to the hospital. The injured was identified as Ravindra Prajapati, the official said adding the accident happened when oil and other forms of lubricants were being emptied from the ships before being broken.
This is the second accident to have happened within a space of three months at Alang. On June 28, five persons were killed and eight others injured when a explosion happened onboard a chemical tanker that was being dismantled

Amnesty wants Assam government to guarantee fair trial to detained journalistPrint
Amnesty International India has asked the Assam government to release him from administrative detention.
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:59 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 6:15 pm
Three weeks after Kokrajhar-based journalist Jaikhlong Brahma was arrested on charges of having links with an armed insurgent group, Amnesty International India has asked the Assam government to release him from administrative detention and guarantee him a fair trial meeting international standards.
While Brahma was arrested on September 2 in connection with Kokrajhar PS Case No 367/2014, under Sections 120(B), 121, 121(A), 122 and 109 of the IPC, read with Sections 10(B), 13(B) and 18 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) (Amendment) Act, 2008, a week later he was detained uner the National Security Act (NSA). These Sections cover various criminal offences including multiple counts of conspiracy, being a member of an “unlawful association” and “inciting unlawful activities”.
Expressing concern over Brahma’s detention under the NSA, Amnesty International India, in an e-mailed statement on Tuesday said the journalist now runs a risk of being detained for 12 months without charge or trial. “The use of administrative detentions under the National Security Act, 1980 or any other legislation must end and all legislation that facilitates the use of administrative detention should be repealed,” said Shailesh Rai, Programs Director at Amnesty International India.
The NSA detention order states that Jaikhlong Brahma “has been indulging in various types of violent activities with secessionist aims”. It also states that he maintained “personal link with the [outlawed] NDFB(S) [National Democratic Front of Bodoland (Songbijit faction)],” provoked and abetted the NDFB(S) to commit killings and arson, and accepted money from the group in exchange for producing and broadcasting video reports about it.
Jaikhlong Brahma is the Kokrajhar bureau head of NewsLive, a Guwahati-based private satellite TV news channel which is owned by the wife of a former influential minister Himanta Biswa Sarma. The TV news channel however has maintained that the allegations were baseless, false and fabricated, and intended at covering up police failure.

Mars orbiter insertion tomorrow; will India make space historyIn the final action today, the orbiter has to be slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second in relation to the red planet to be captured by the Martian orbit. Source: AP photo
PTI | Bangalore | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:19 pm | Updated: September 24, 2014 5:54 am
As India’s Mars mission moved a step closer to home after the dormant main engine on the spacecraft was testfired flawlessly, ISRO looked confident of giving one final nudge wednesday to put it in orbit around Mars that, if successful, would see it make space history.
In the final lap, the operation is scheduled to be performed at 07:17:32 hrs tomorrow by firing the LAM along with eight smaller liquid engines for about 24 minutes.
The tricky manoeuvre involves slowing down the spacecraft now moving at benumbing speed to be captured in the Martian orbit, success of which would make India the first country to go to Mars in the maiden attempt.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will witness the crucial Mars Orbiter Insertion at the Spacecraft Control Centre at ISRO Telemetry Tracking and Command Network (ISTRAC) here.
The main engine on the spacecraft, in slumber since the 300-day journey began, was woken up yesterday, though for four seconds after a successful crucial manoeuvre that has raised the confidence level of ISRO scientists.
The 440 Newton Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) on Mars Orbiter Spacecraft was last fired on December 01, 2013. Yesterday’s twin operation also involved a trajectory correction that means the spacecraft is on course.
In the final action tomorrow, the orbiter has to be slowed down from 22.1 km per second to 4.4 km per second in relation to the red planet to be captured by the Martian orbit. The engine would be fired for 24 minutes to reduce its velocity and insert it into the Martian orbit.
ISRO has uploaded commands to help the spacecraft automatically enter the orbit.
India will be the first country to enter the Mars orbit on a maiden mission if it succeeds. It will also be the first Asian country and ISRO the fourth space agency to send a satellite to the Red Planet. European, US and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but after several attempts.
Given the high rate of failures –only 21 of the total of 51 missions sent to Mars by various countries being successful– the success of MOM in the very first shot would boost India’s global standing in Space.
After the crucial manoeuvre yesterday, ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan said the spacecraft was “healthy” after completing 98 per cent of its 666 million km journey. “….we are now prepared for that crucial operation to take place on September 24 morning.”
The MOM entered the Mars Gravitational Sphere of Influence yesterday. The spacecraft had escaped the earth gravity pull on December 1 last.
As US NASA’s MAVEN spacecraft began orbiting the Red Planet for the second day today, NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory has conveyed its best wishes to ISRO for Mars Orbit Insertion tomorrow.
“Good Luck MOM! From your JPL family!” said the message.
Indian Mars Mission D-Day September 24 – Planned mission sequence
Fuel position – 279.5 KG
Target – To get to a distance of 423 km from Mars and achieve an orbit of 423 km X 80,000 km around Mars
Objective – To reduce spacecraft speed by 1.1 km/sec to enable it to synchronize with Mars velocity
Three hours before the Mars Orbit Insertion begins the spacecraft starts executing commands uploaded last week from ISRO’s Mission Operation Centre (MOX)
# Around 12 Noon — all details from spacecraft likely to be received
# First picture of Mars from Mars Orbiter likely by evening

Tata AutoComp inks 50:50 JV with Magna IntlTata AutoComp inks 50:50 joint venture with Magna International to provide seating systems to CV industry
By PTI | 23 Sep, 2014, 05.33PM IST
0
Share More
The JV will be focused on delivering innovative seating systems to commercial vehicle manufacturers as well as buses, the Tata Group promoted firm said in a statement.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Tata AutoComp Systems has inked a pact with Canada-based Magna International Inc to form a 50:50 joint venture (JV) to provide seating systems to the commercial vehicle industry in the country.
The JV will be focused on delivering innovative seating systems to commercial vehicle manufacturers as well as buses, the Tata Group promoted firm said in a statement.
"This partnership with Magna will expand our portfolio to now bring the latest in seating systems to the Indian commercial vehicle industry," Tata AutoComp Systems MD & CEO Ajay Tandon said.
Magna Seating President Mike Bisson said the combination of Magna's seating expertise and Tata AutoComp's knowledge of the Indian market provides both companies an opportunity for growth in the commercial vehicle market.
"Leveraging our expertise in automotive seating and delivering it to the commercial vehicle market in India is an important part of our global growth strategy," Magna Seating Vice President Deepak Nagaraja said.
Magna has 317 manufacturing operations and 83 product development, engineering and sales centres in 29 countries.
The company's product capabilities include producing body, chassis, interior, exterior, seating, powertrain, electronic, vision, closure and roof systems and modules, as well as complete vehicle engineering and contract manufacturing.
The JV will be headquartered in Pune and will supply seating systems to customers in the country.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

India Cements to hive off Chennai Super Kings into a separate companyUpdated: September 24, 2014 06:24 IST
India Cements to demerge Chennai Super Kings into a separate company
K. T. Jagannathan
Tweet
The Hindu The iconic stature of M.S. Dhoni (seen with coach Stephen Fleming), the skipper of Chennai Super Kings, has helped the company in a major way in its forays into news markets such as Rajasthan and Gujarat. File Photo: K. Pichumani
TOPICS
company information
India Cements had successfully bid for the Chennai franchise of the IPL team in 2008 and has to pay the BCCI a total consideration of $ 91 million over a period of 10 years in equal instalments.
The India Cements Ltd. (ICL) has decided to hive off Chennai Super Kings (CSK), a cricket team owned by it and run as a division of the company, into a wholly-owned subsidiary.
Chennai Super Kings is a BCCI (Board of Control for Cricket in India) and IPL (Indian Premier League) Franchise Twenty20 Cricket Tournament Team.
``We propose to de-merge CSK division into a wholly-owned subsidiary of our company,’’ the cement major said in a filing to the BSE on Tuesday.
The de-merger proposal will be taken up for the consideration of the board at its ensuing meeting on September 26.
Chennai Super Kings has given The India Cements a new brand image, and a pan-India corporate identity.
The iconic stature of M.S. Dhoni, the skipper of Chennai Super Kings, has helped the company in a major way in its forays into news markets such as Rajasthan and Gujarat. Thanks to Dhoni-led Chennai Super Kings, The India Cements has become some sort of a household name across the country.
The India Cements, it may be recalled, had successfully bid for the Chennai franchise of the IPL team in 2008. The company has to pay the BCCI a total consideration of $ 91 million to operate the franchise. This money is payable over a period of 10 years to BCCI in equal instalments, commencing 2008.
Chennai Super Kings fetched The India Cements revenue of Rs.166 crore in 2013-14. The franchise gets revenue shared by BCCI-IPL from the sale of media rights and sponsorship income. Besides, local revenue like gate collections, team sponsors, uniform sponsors etc. also accrue to the company.
CSK has sponsors such Aircel, Gulf Oil, GST global et al. In Chennai, Hotel Park Sheraton and Towers is the hospitality partner.
Chennai Super Kings won IPL trophies in 2010 and 2011. It also won the IPL Champion League in 2010.
Since 2013, Chennai Super Kings is also organising CSK Super Cup, a multi-sport inter-corporate tournament. It covers chess, cricket, table tennis, badminton, snooker etc. India Cements is also organising a cricket tournament — Junior Super Kings Inter-School T-20 Championship Trophy — every year.

US tax inversion curbs hit UK pharma sharesTax inversion crackdown hits drugmaker shares
By Andrew Ward and Miles Johnson in London, Barney Jopson in Washington and Arash Massoudi in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c3b4ff1a-4303-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jack Ma: China s richest manAlibaba founder Jack Ma now China's richest man
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 23, 2014: 6:59 AM ET
 
Who is Jack Ma?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Jack Ma is now officially China's richest man, just days after he floated Alibaba in the world's biggest IPO.
Ma has soared to the top of the China annual rich list, compiled by the Hurun Report, with an estimated fortune of $25 billion.
Ma -- who didn't even make the top 10 last year -- has seen his wealth balloon after Alibaba ( BABA , Tech30 )'s stock rocketed 38% in New York on Friday, its first day of trading. His firm raised $25 billion in its debut, smashing the previous record for a stock market listing.
The former English teacher's wealth is derived primarily from his holdings in Alibaba, and closely-related company Alipay, according to Hurun.
Another Alibaba co-founder, Simon Xie Shihuang, also makes the Hurun list. He's worth $1.6 billion.
Related: Alibaba IPO means a big payday for Jack Ma
Ma beat out Wang Jianlin, the owner of one of China's largest real estate developers, for the top spot in Hurun's list.
Hurun puts Wang's net worth at $24.2 billion. Li Hejun, who runs a giant clean energy firm called Hanergy, is tied in third place with Zong Qinghou, founder and CEO of China's leading beverage company. In fifth is Tencent ( TCEHY ) CEO Pony Ma.
Baidu ( BIDU , Tech30 ) CEO Robin Li held onto sixth place with $17.5 billion.
Some notable newbies in the top 10 include Liu Qiangdong, CEO of JD.com -- one of Alibaba's rivals in e-commerce.
Liu rocketed up the list after his firm launched its IPO in May, raising $1.8 billion. Lei Jun, founder of smartphone company Xiaomi , completes the list in 10th spot.
Tech entrepreneurs account for half the top 10, manufacturing and real estate tycoons the rest.
"It has been an amazing year for China's best tycoons despite the jitters about the Chinese economy," Hurun said, although it cautioned that the government's anti-corruption campaign had also affected private wealth.
Seven individuals in trouble with the authorities have been knocked off this year's list.
First Published: September 23, 2014: 6:59 AM ET
Most Popular

U.S. tax crackdown hits drug stocksU.S. move on tax-dodging mergers hits drugs stocks
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN September 23, 2014: 12:24 PM ET
 
Are tax inversions 'unpatriotic?'
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Shares in drugs companies took a beating Tuesday after the U.S. made it harder for American firms to slash their tax bills by buying foreign rivals.
The process, known as inversion, has helped fuel a boom in mergers in the sector this year.
New rules announced by the U.S. Treasury department take effect immediately and cover any future tax inversions. They make it harder for companies to complete an inversion in the first place, and to escape tax on foreign earnings they have already made.
Leading the slide was Shire ( SHPG ), which fell by as much as 6% in London before clawing back some losses. The Treasury move raises the risk that AbbVie ( ABBV ) may call off a planned $55 billion takeover of the U.K.-listed company.
AbbVie announced the agreed merger in July. The combined company would remain headquartered in Chicago but move its legal home to the U.K., halving its effective tax rate to about 13% by 2016.
AbbVie did not respond immediately to a request for comment. Its shares fell by about 2%.
Related: 7 companies that keep more than $50 billion offshore
It's not the only U.S. drugs company under pressure. Shares in Mylan ( MYL ) and Abbott Laboratories ( ABT ) fell by more than 1% amid doubts over Mylan's plan to buy a non-U.S. unit of Abbott.
The deal would allow Mylan to incorporate in the Netherlands, another country with a much lower rate of business tax.
Shares in medical device firm Medtronic ( MDT ), and Covidien ( COV ) -- the Irish company it plans to buy -- slid 2%.
Pfizer ( PFE ) tried to pull off a tax inversion earlier this year by making a bid for AstraZeneca ( AZN ). The British company put up fierce opposition to a takeover and Pfizer backed away.
Analysts say tougher U.S. tax rules could make a new approach by Pfizer less likely, and shares in AstraZeneca tumbled 4% in London.
 
Buffett helps Burger King bite off U.S. tax
Medical technology maker Smith & Nephew ( SNN ), another potential takeover target for U.S. companies, slipped 3%.
Healthcare has been one of the hottest sectors for mergers and acquisitions this year, driven by low interest rates and swollen corporate treasure chests.
German drug group Merck KGaA ( MKGAF ) said Tuesday it was buying Sigma-Aldrich ( SIAL ), based in St Louis, Missouri, for about $17 billion in cash.
First Published: September 23, 2014: 8:16 AM ET
Most Popular

U.S. stock futures lower as European stocks sinkU.S. stock futures lower as European stocks sink
By: Kim Hjelmgaard September 23, 2014 2:11 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
U.S. stock futures were trading lower Tuesday after European markets plunged on weaker-than-expected eurozone economic data and as U.S.-led airstrikes began against ISIL in Syria.
Dow and S&P 500 futures were down 0.4% in pre-market trading.
In its monthly survey, financial information company Markit said its purchasing managers’ index for the eurozone — a closely watched gauge of business activity — fell to a nine-month low of 52.3 in September from the previous month’s 52.5.
Britain’s FTSE  plunged 1.7% and Germany’s DAX index dropped 1.3%. France’s CAC 40 tumbled 1.8%.
Stocks in China rose but Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index fell.
U.S. markets ended lower Monday .
Contributing: The Associated Press

Narbada Gems and Jewellery: Outcome of AGMSep 23, 2014, 06.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Narbada Gems and Jewellery: Outcome of AGM
Narbada Gems and Jewellery has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Narbada Gems and Jewellery: Outcome of AGM
Narbada Gems and Jewellery has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Narbada Gems and Jewellery Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 23, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Deccan Gold Mines: Outcome of board meetingSep 23, 2014, 06.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Deccan Gold Mines: Outcome of board meeting
Deccan Gold Mines has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 23, 2014, has approved the following: 1. Raising of Funds 2. Proposed takeover of Geomysore Services (India) Private Ltd (GMSI) 3. Other Update.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Deccan Gold Mines: Outcome of board meeting
Deccan Gold Mines has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 23, 2014, has approved the following: 1. Raising of Funds 2. Proposed takeover of Geomysore Services (India) Private Ltd (GMSI) 3. Other Update.
Post your opinion here
 
Deccan Gold Mines Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 23, 2014, has approved the following:1. Raising of Funds2. Proposed takeover of Geomysore Services (India) Private Ltd (GMSI)3. Other Update.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
Set email alert for

Ukraine crisis risks recession for Europe: El-ErianLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ukraine crisis risks recession for Europe: El-Erian
El-Erian said markets also were placing "enormous faith" in the world's central banks, such as the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
Mohamed El-Erian, the chief economic adviser at Allianz SE, warned that global markets do not fully appreciate the risk posed by the Ukrainian crisis, a conflict which could push Europe into recession.
He saw few options to de-escalate tensions between Ukraine, its Western supporters and Russia, which has been accused of backing an insurgency led by ethnic Russian separatists.
In an interview at Reuters' New York headquarters on Monday, in which he also spoke about his controversial departure from Pimco earlier this year, El-Erian said just "one or at most two" more rounds of sanctions and counter sanctions between Russia and the West would likely push Europe into recession. That's especially true if Russia cuts energy supplies during the coming winter heating season.
"I think markets are underestimating Ukraine," El-Erian said. "It is very hard to find a solution that reconciles the three parties involved – Ukraine, the West and Russia."
El-Erian said markets also were placing "enormous faith" in the world's central banks, such as the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank. Through a series of experimental policy actions since the 2008 financial crisis, the world's largest central banks have gotten deeply into the "business of divorcing" asset valuations from fundamentals.
The space between what El-Erian sees as lofty valuations and more earthly fundamentals is "an air pocket" at risk of rapid collapse if markets are confronted with a jarring catalyst, such as Ukraine.
"I worry that the marketplace is paying very little attention to geopolitical issues, but they've done so for good reasons so far," he said. To date, investors have largely succeeded in navigating numerous brief bouts of market choppiness in the face of "geopolitical shock."
An endemic hazard arising from that is that investors want unambiguous evidence that "the turn" has occurred before they opt for a more defensive allocation, El-Erian said.
"The problem with that is that once you get that, everyone wants to get out. And at that point, you get the air pocket."
A respected investor who once ran Harvard University's endowment, El-Erian made waves in January when he resigned from Pimco, a unit of German insurer Allianz and an investment powerhouse with nearly USD 2 trillion of assets. There, he had been chief executive and had shared the role of chief investment officer with bond market guru Bill Gross.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index and the Dow Jones industrial average have both hit records in recent weeks, gains he contends, are emblematic of the disconnect between valuation and fundamentals.
Their performance is largely fueled by the Fed's actions, which have made other assets such as bonds even pricier by comparison, as well as financial maneuvering by corporations, which are spending cash buying their own shares or on mergers and acquisitions, he said.
Stocks, he said, are signaling "We are expensive, but we are cheaper than other things that are a lot more expensive."
El-Erian said Alibaba Group's record $29.7 billion initial public offering last week is one reflection that markets continue to have tremendous risk appetite because investors believe the Fed has their back.
That said, he believes the Fed is now out of sync with its peers, the ECB in particular, and will begin to raise interest rates toward the end of the second quarter of 2015, or sooner perhaps. Still, the Fed will not be inclined to raise rates rapidly after that initial move.
"I think the Fed will move slower and not as high as we've been historically used to," he said.
And, El-Erian said, if Europe goes in to recession, even the Fed's projected lift off from near zero interest rates, where it has held its policy rate since the end of 2008, would likely be off the table.
RELATED NEWS

Groundbreaking ceremony for SpaceX spaceport held in TexasGroundbreaking ceremony for SpaceX spaceport held in Texas
Rupee-dollar exchange rate likely to end 2014 at 61Rupee-dollar exchange rate likely to end 2014 at 61
LML announces appointment of directorsLML announces appointment of directors
Mahindra set to launch new scooter Gusto next weekHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Mahindra set to launch new scooter Gusto next week
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
Mahindra Two Wheelers Ltd (MTWL) will launch its scooter ‘Gusto’ in northern and western regions on September 29 and at a later date across the country in a phased manner. The two-wheeler would be launched in Nepal also on Monday.
The company, which was working on the two-wheeler code named G101, will launch it the vehicle in South Asia, Latin America and Africa in a few months, MTWL said in a statement.
“Gusto comes with an all Aluminium M-TEC engine with features such as a stronger crankshaft and bearings, high inertia magneto, high energy HT coil and series regulator to deliver superior power, efficiency and reliability,” Rajesh Jejurikar, Chief Executive – Farm Equipment and Two Wheeler Division said.
“The Gusto’s styling has its origins in Italy and it has been conceptualised based on extensive research and in-depth consumer insights,” he added.
The Gusto, which has been developed at MTWL’s R&D facility in Pune, is the first product to be developed independently after it acquired Kinetic six years back.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

India Cements to demerge Chennai Super Kings into a wholly-owned subsidiaryIndia Cements to demerge Chennai Super Kings into a wholly-owned subsidiary
BS Reporter | Chennai Sep 23, 2014 05:58 PM IST
Cement company India Cements has decided to demerge Chennai Super Kings (CSK), a IPL franchise, to a wholly-owned subsidiary. Currently CSK is a division in the company.
In an announcement to BSE today, the company stated: "Our company presently owns Chennai Super Kings (CSK) - BCCI-IPL Franchise 20/20 Cricket Tournament Team. We propose to demerge the said CSK Division to a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company. Accordingly, we have included this proposal for consideration of the Board of Directors of our Company at the ensuing meeting on September 26, 2014."
India Cements has said that CSK has helped the company to build its brand image across the country, especially in the states of Western markets.
The cement major bagged CSK for a total consideration to operate the franchise for about $91 million, payable over a period of 10 years to BCCI over 10 years in equal installments commencing from 2008, the year India Cement bid Chennai franchise.
CSK has clocked a revenue of Rs 166 crore in 2013-14. The franchise gets revenue shared by BCCI-IPL from the sale of media rights and sponsorship income. Besides local revenue like gate collections, team sponsors, uniform sponsors etc.
CSK has sponsors like Aircel, Gulf oil, GST global. CSK won IPL trophies in 2010 and 2011 and IPL Champion League in 2010.
Since 2013, CSK is also organising CSK Super Cup , a multi-sport inter corporate tournament. It covers chess, cricket, table tennis, badminton, athletics, snooker.
India Cements is also organising cricket tournament every year through junior super kings inter school T 20 championship trophy.

West Bank Kidnappingswest bank kidnappings
Sony Xperia E3: Another entrant in budget smartphones listE-mail
Sony has launched the successor to the Xperia E1 in India, the Xperia E3, along with its dual-SIM variant, the Xperia E3 Dual.
The company revealed that both Sony Xperia E3 and Sony Xperia E3 Dual smartphones will be available across the country starting Monday, priced at Rs 11,990 and Rs 12,990, respectively.
PHOTO: http://www.sonymobile.com

United Spirits to offload 11.35 pct stake in Pioneer DistilleriesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Kitex Garments shares surge 20% ahead of board meetE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sage buys PayChoice for $157.8mSage buys US payroll services group PayChoice for $157.8m
By Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bd56432-4251-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India can rise again  I have a clear roadmap: ModiPrime Minister Narendra Modi
New Delhi, Sep 21:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said India has a chance to rise again as a global economic power and suggested that it could match with China and he has a “clear roadmap” to channelise entrepreneurial capabilities of country’s 1.25 billion people.
“This is a country that once upon a time was called ‘the golden bird’. We have fallen from where we were before. But now we have the chance to rise again. If you see the details of the last five or ten centuries, you will see that India and China have grown at similar paces.
“Their contributions to global GDP have risen in parallel, and fallen in parallel. Today’s era once again belongs to Asia. India and China are both growing rapidly, together,” he told CNN in an interview.
On comparison with China, he added that India does not need to become anything else and must become only India.
Modi said he had a lot of faith in the entrepreneurial nature of India’s 1.25 billion people and “I have a clear road-map to channel it”.
On being asked if he ever wished to have some of the authority the dictatorial regime in China had, he said democratic countries have also grown and if there were no democracy then someone like him, born in a poor family, would not be sitting here.
Asked what he would like to tell people as his accomplishments one or two years later, he said the trust people have should never break.
“See the biggest thing is that the people of the country have faith. That trust should never break. If I can win the confidence of the people of India, not from my speeches, but by actions, then the power of 1.25 billion Indians will come together to take the country forward,” he said.
When asked if India is concerned over China’s behavior in the East China Sea and the South China which has worried many of its neighbors, Modi said we should have trust in China’s understanding and have faith that it would accept global laws and will play its role in cooperating and moving forward.
He, however, added that we cannot close our eyes to problems, saying we are not living in the eighteenth century.
Modi in his first interview after taking charge as Prime Minister said China’s focus on its economic development is a sign that it does not want to be isolated.
“This is an era of partnership. Look at how it (China) has focused on economic development. It’s hardly the sign of a country that wants to be isolated,” he said.
Ahead of his visit to the US, Modi said it was possible for the US and India to develop a genuinely strategic alliance.
“I have a one word answer, and with great confidence I say — yes. Let me explain — there are many similarities between the US and India. If you look at the last few centuries, two things come to light — America has absorbed people from around the world, and there is an Indian in every part of the world. This characterises both the societies.
“Indians and Americans have co-existence in their natural temperament. Now yes, for sure, there have been ups and downs in our relationship in the last century. But from the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century, we have witnessed a big change. Our ties have deepened. India and the USA are bound together, by history and culture. These ties will deepen further,” he said.
Asked if he feels there is a genuine desire from Washington to try and upgrade the relationship with India substantially, the Prime Minister said relations between India and America should not be seen within the limits of just Delhi and Washington.
“It is a much larger sphere. The good thing is that the mood of both Delhi and Washington is in harmony with this understanding. Both sides have played a role in this,” he said.
On criticism that India has not been really active regarding Russia’s actions in Ukraine and asked for his views on its annexation of Crimea, Modi said a lot of people want to give advice in the world but they too have sinned in some way.
“There is a saying in India that the person who should throw a stone first is the person who has not committed any sins. In the world right now, a lot of people want to give advice. But look within them, and they too have sinned in some way... Efforts need to be made to sit together and talk, and to resolve problems in an ongoing process,” he said.
(This article was published on September 21, 2014)
Related

Miliband and the English questionSeptember 22, 2014 3:28 pm
Ed Miliband will struggle to answer the English question
By Janan Ganesh
Party leader should avoid giving Labour a reputation as the self-described second party of England
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2206f21a-3ff0-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jonah Schulhofer-WohlA look at how our rising stars rose -- or fell -- in 2014.
Nov 19, 2014
Americans views of their own financial condition is still unchanged from the recession.
Nov 19, 2014
In Nevada, more than one in six students has at least one parent who is an illegal immigrant.
Nov 19, 2014
After financially abandoning the three-term senator in her runoff campaign to hold on to her seat, Democrats have now abandoned her in spirit, too.
Nov 18, 2014
The Fix's Aaron Blake discusses the latest in politics and campaigns live with readers.
Nov 18, 2014
Load More
About
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix. A Minnesota native and summa cum laude graduate of the University of Minnesota, Aaron has also written about politics for the Minneapolis Star-Tribune and The Hill newspaper. Aaron and his wife, Danielle, live in Annandale, Virginia.
Most Read

ETF smackdown: Dividends vs. buybacksETF smackdown: Dividend aristocrat vs. buyback achiever
By: John Waggoner September 22, 2014 3:58 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Which is better for investors: Buybacks or dividend increases? Thanks to the miracle of specialty mutual funds, we have an answer.
Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY
Companies that raise their dividends every year show that they are mindful of their shareholders and confident about the future. A dividend hike is a nice way to thank shareholders by putting cash directly in their pockets. And, because Wall Street loathes dividend cuts, a company that raises a dividend is also signaling that it will be able to maintain that dividend in the future.
Corporate buybacks are popular because they reduce the number of shares outstanding. All other things being equal, fewer shares means the remaining shares are more valuable.
Of the two strategies, raising dividends has been the most popular with investors — or at least with investors in exchange-traded funds. The SPDR S&P Dividend ETF (SDY) tracks the Dividend Aristocrats index, which tracks the stocks of companies that have raised their dividends every year for the past 25 years. The fund has $13 billion in assets, despite an estimated $1.4 billion outflow the past 12 months.
The smaller PowerShares Buyback Achievers (PKW) has just $2.8 billion in assets, although it has gained $1.2 billion in new investor money the past 12 months. To merit inclusion in the fund, a company must have shrunk its number of shares by at least 5% in the past 12 months.
How do the two funds shape up? The past 12 months, SPDR S&P Dividend ETF has gained 14%, vs. 17.6% for PowerShares Buyback Achievers. Dividend achievers have lagged buyback achievers the past three years, too — and rather dramatically. PowerShares Buyback Achievers is up 91% the past three years, vs 65% for dividend achievers.
PowerShares Buyback Achievers has lagged the S&P 500 the past 12 months: It’s up 17.7%, vs. 20% for the S&P 500. (All these figures include reinvested dividends.) But the Buyback Achievers fund has beaten the S&P 500 the past three and five years. Dividend achievers, alas, have been underachievers, trailing the S&P 500 badly the past one, three and five years.
The SPDR S&P Dividend ETF has one advantage: Its expense ratio is 0.35%, vs 0.68% for PowerShares Buyback Achievers. But it’s possible that PowerShares Buyback Achievers could reduce its expense ratio as it grows.
Of course, companies have many other options for their cash, such as investing in new equipment, expanding to increase market share or even sharing their profits with employees by handing out raises. Raising dividends and buying back stock does nothing to increase sales or revenues. Unfortunately, there are no funds that track the success of companies that reinvest in their own business.
 

Tesco in turmoil after profits debacleTesco in turmoil after profits overstatement
By Andrea Felsted, David Oakley and Harriet Agnew in London,
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5823a7cc-4279-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ganga clean-up to take 18 years  says CentreIt said timeline for completion of ongoing projects along the 2,500-km long river has been prepared after consulting five Ganga basin states. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: September 23, 2014 9:30 am
The NDA government Monday placed before the Supreme Court a blueprint of measures spanning over 18 years to restore the pristine glory of river Ganga and identified 118 towns on its banks as the first target to achieve total sanitation, including water treatment and solid waste management.
“It is respectfully submitted that in order to ensure rejuvenation of the Ganga, the action plan envisages phase-wise timeline in terms of short term — a period of three years; medium term — a period of next five years; and long term — a period of next 10 years and more,” the affidavit stated.
It said timeline for completion of ongoing projects along the 2,500-km long river has been prepared after consulting five Ganga basin states.
The Centre’s fresh affidavit came weeks after the Supreme Court had expressed its displeasure over the government’s earlier affidavit on a roadmap to clean the river.
“In the first stage, 118 towns have been tentatively identified for necessary interventions to achieve total sanitation targets, including water waste treatment and solid waste management,” it said, adding, “So far seven riverfront locations have been identified by the Ministry of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation for development of ghats at Kedarnath, Hardwar, Varanasi, Kanpur, Allahabad, Patna and Delhi.”
As the medium term goal, it said 118 urban habitations on bank of the river have been tentatively identified by the Ministry of Urban Development for extending coverage of sewerage infrastructure at an estimated cost of Rs 51,000 crore and also to make 1,649 village panchayats located along Ganga free from open defecation.
It said long-term plan would emerge from the Ganga River Basin Management Plan, being prepared by a consortium of seven IITs.

Housing data hits Wall St; SP has worst day since Aug 5Sep 23, 2014, 08.07 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Housing data hits Wall St; S&P has worst day since Aug 5
Equities were also pressured after China's finance minister indicated the country would not increase stimulus measures in response to some weak data of its own.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Housing data hits Wall St; S&P has worst day since Aug 5
Equities were also pressured after China's finance minister indicated the country would not increase stimulus measures in response to some weak data of its own.
Post your opinion here
 
US stocks closed lower on Monday, with the S&P 500 suffering its biggest one-day decline since early August, as the latest housing data came in much weaker than expected, raising new concerns about the rate of growth in the economy.
Equities were also pressured after China's finance minister indicated the country would not increase stimulus measures in response to some weak data of its own.
Existing home sales fell 1.8 percent in August, far from the growth of 1 percent that had been expected. An index of housing shares lost 2 percent as one of the weakest sectors on the day. Among specific stocks, DR Horton lost 2.6 percent to USD 21.37, while Beazer Homes was off 2.8 percent at USD 18.09 and Toll Brothers shed 3.1 percent to USD 32.41.
The housing number "points to less strength in the US recovery," said Rex Macey, chief allocation officer at Wilmington Trust Investment Advisors in Atlanta, Georgia. "Housing is just too important to the economy, and to have this kind of weakness puts a pretty dark cloud over the market."
In China, Finance Minister Lou Jiwei said the country would not dramatically alter its economic policy because of any one economic indicator. The comments come as recent data has been weak, leading many analysts to lower their growth forecasts for the country.
The Bank of New York Mellon's index of Chinese American Depositary Receipts fell 2.1 percent.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 107.06 points, or 0.62 percent, to 17,172.68, the S&P 500 lost 16.11 points, or 0.8 percent, to 1,994.29 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 52.10 points, or 1.14 percent, to 4,527.69. The day marked the biggest one-day decline for the S&P since August 5, and the biggest for the Nasdaq since July 31.
With the day's decline, the S&P 500 closed below its 14-day moving average for the first time since September 15. The technical level is a key indicator of short-term momentum.
The day's losses were broad, with all 10 primary S&P 500 sectors lower on the day. About 80 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed lower, while 77 percent of Nasdaq-listed shares ended in negative territory.
Consumer discretionary was the weakest sector on the day, down 1.5 percent. TripAdvisor fell 4.1 percent to USD 94.29 after the company's Viator unit on Friday said the payment card and personal information of about 880,000 customers might have been breached.
In company news, Sigma-Aldrich soared 33.2 percent after German drugs and chemicals maker Merck KGaA agreed to acquire the company for USD 17 billion in cash.
About 5.99 billion shares traded on all US platforms, according to BATS exchange data, compared with the month-to-date average of 5.97 billion. 
RELATED NEWS

US spacecraft enters Mars orbit  India s Mangalyaan probe nextE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rupee down 11 paise against dollar in early trade1
0
Mumbai: The Indian rupee on Tuesday depreciated by 12 paise to close at one-week low of 60.94 against the Greenback on month-end dollar demand from importers and steep fall in local equities.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.93 a dollar from previous close of 60.82. It was trapped in a narrow breadth of 60.8675
and 61.0050 before concluding at 60.94, logging a fall of 12 paise or 0.20 per cent.
The dollar index, a gauge of six major global rivals, was down by 0.30 per cent.
#rupee #market #economy #indian rupee
Tuesday's closing level is the rupee's weakest level in a week as it had closed at 61.05 on September 16. Dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, to meet their month-end requirements weighed on the rupee.
"The Indian rupee was influenced by state-run banks' dollar-purchases on behalf of oil importers. Local markets await the RBI's monetary policy review on September 30," said
Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India Pvt Ltd.
Weak factory employment numbers in China and private sector data showing slowdown in Eurozone growth this month led the Sensex and Nifty to register biggest fall in 2-1/2-months.
This drop had a sentimental impact on the rupee value. FPIs/FIIs picked up shares worth USD 11.37 million on Monday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index, a gauge of six major global rivals, was down by 0.30 per cent.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said "The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.60 to 61.40."
1

Credit Suisse Raises Tata Motors  Cuts Mahindra & MahindraYou are here: Home Market
Credit Suisse Raises Tata Motors, Cuts Mahindra & Mahindra
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 10:36 (IST)
Credit Suisse upgraded Tata Motors Ltd to "outperform" from "neutral". The brokerage said that there were near-term concerns on factors such as volume abating.
It said Tata Motors shares have under-performed the auto sector recently and the "long-term story remains promising."
But Credit Suisse downgraded Mahindra and Mahindra to "neutral" from "outperform", saying that Mahindra's valuations are no longer "attractive."
Tata Motors shares gained as much as 0.5 per cent to a record high at Rs 542.60. The stock gave up gain later and was last trading down 0.75 per cent. Tata Motors shares have surged over 8 per cent in last four sessions.
Mahindra and Mahindra shares were down 1.6 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

DLF Shares Slump; BNP Downgrades to  ReduceThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
DLF Ltd fell 2.3 per cent to Rs 162.85 on Tuesday
BNP Paribas downgraded the stock to "reduce" from "hold". The brokerage cut its target price to Rs 146 rupees from Rs 169.
BNP Paribas cited "limited upside potential" for shares and "no major potential catalysts in the near-term."
It also highlighted DLF's "weak operational data and negative news flow from ongoing legal cases."
Copyight: Thomson Reuters 2014

Texas Deputy Found Dead In LakeTexas Deputy Jessica Hollis Found Dead In Lake
Reuters
stumble
This undated photo provided by the Travis County Sheriff's Office on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014 shows Senior Deputy Jessica Hollis. On Friday, officials said her body was found after she was swept into Lake Austin when heavy rains flooded parts of Central Texas early Thursday. She was patrolling low water crossings looking for people in danger, according to a spokesman with the sheriff's office. (AP Photo/Travis County Sheriff's Office)
(Reuters) - The search for a missing Texas sheriff deputy who was swept away during heavy rains in Austin earlier this week concluded on Friday when police discovered her body in a nearby lake, officials said.
Police recovered the body of 35-year-old Senior Deputy Jessica Hollis in Lake Austin around 2 p.m. local time (1900 GMT) following a search that was aided by boats, helicopters and rescue dogs, the Travis County Sheriff's Office said.
"We wanted to bring her home alive, but she's been out there in that water for a while. And she's back home, and she's not out there by herself anymore," Travis County Sheriff Greg Hamilton told reporters at a news conference.
Hollis, a seven-year veteran at the office, was last heard from early on Thursday morning when she radioed that her car was being swept away by rushing flood waters at a low water crossing, the office said.
By the time rescuers arrived at the scene near the Mansfield Dam on the Colorado River in northwest Austin, her car was already downstream and underwater, police said.
About 4 inches of rain fell in the area on Wednesday, according to the National Weather Service, and a flash flood watch was in effect through most of Thursday.
(Reporting by Curtis Skinner in San Francisco, editing by Louise Heavens)
More:

Government Likely to Launch Another ETF: ReportThe Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
After the success of its first exchange-traded fund which comprised shares of state-owned companies, the government is reportedly looking to launch another ETF which will have blue chip stocks like ITC, Larsen & Toubro and Axis Bank.
The government through its holding company, Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India (SUUTI) holds 11.27 per cent in ITC, 8.18 per cent in L&T and 11.66 per cent in Axis Bank. The value of these holdings is over Rs 56,000 at current market price.
After the recent surge in markets, the government wants to raise money through selling its stake in the above-mentioned blue chip private companies along with some blue chip public sector companies through an exchange-traded fund, a news report quoting Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram said
The government had proposed to raise around Rs 43,000 crore through disinvestment of its stake in state-owned companies and an additional Rs 15,000 crore from sales of residual holdings in formerly state-held companies. This ETF, if launched will go a long way in helping the government achieve its disinvestment target for the current year.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 12:33 (IST)

Bond yields to soften; no rate cuts in this policy: Fed BkSep 23, 2014, 02.33 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bond yields to soften; no rate cuts in this policy: Fed Bk
Ashutosh Khajuria, President of Treasury at Federal Bank sees medium range for bond yield between 8.40-8.50 percent, since sustained buying in bond markets has led to 8-10 bps dip in yields. He further feels that investors will continue to see sustained softening in bond yields.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bond yields to soften; no rate cuts in this policy: Fed Bk
Ashutosh Khajuria, President of Treasury at Federal Bank sees medium range for bond yield between 8.40-8.50 percent, since sustained buying in bond markets has led to 8-10 bps dip in yields. He further feels that investors will continue to see sustained softening in bond yields.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Foreign banks on Monday net bought bonds worth Rs 3255 crore, making this the highest bond buy since August 20, as net buying by foreign banks in the last 4 sessions amounted to Rs 6400 crore.
Ashutosh Khajuria, President of Treasury at Federal Bank  sees medium range for bond yield between 8.40-8.50 percent, since sustained buying in bond markets has led to 8-10 bps dip in yields. He further feels that investors will continue to see sustained softening in bond yields.
With several foreign banks booking profits and government borrowing figure expected this week, markets can absorb government borrowing to the tune of Rs 2.4 lakh crore, he says in an interview with CNBC-TV18.
Meanwhile, there are no expectations of rate movement in current policy, he adds.
Below is the edited transcript of the interview:
Q: We saw a strong rally on the bond markets yesterday, we saw the yields soften to 8.42 percent on an intraday basis. We do understand that there was strong buying from foreign banks to the tune of over Rs 3000 crore in the bond markets yesterday. Could you confirm this for us and give us more details?
A: It is really difficult to confirm a particular number that has been bought but there are three important factors that have impacted the bond market rally. One was the statement by the expenditure secretary who said that all is well on fiscal front and therefore, the deferment of auction Rs 16000 crore scheduled for first half of FY15 depending upon how the revenues perform, may not be required to be carried forward to second half and it may not happen at all.
Another one was certainly the consistent below USD 100/barrel price of crude, for Indian baskets around USD 96-97/barrel. Third was an expected better than Q1 performance of corporates so on the revenue front also the way advance taxes flew in, these all created an environment where in there was a chance of rating upgrade. So once this news started floating that there could be a rating upgrade from BBB- to BBB for India’s sovereign, I think that also created an environment conducive to more of buying.
The exact amount I will not be able to confirm but yes, there was consistent sustained good chunk of buying happening in the market and that took the yields down by about 8-10 bps.
Q: Barring today’s movement, would it be fair to assume that may be the range for the yield has moved lower towards possibly 8.40 to 8.42 percent on the softer side?
A: Yes, till 8.40 percent it would be same as what market was perceiving when the new bond had come in because the coupon is 8.40 which simply means that when this new 10 year bond got bid through the auction price discovery mechanism, at that time market was expecting new 10 year bond to have yield of 8.40 percent. So as it is inching towards that I think that still would have some of the guys who were holding at 8.40 percent who got through auction, to really start exiting because some may have bought it and held it since they got into it.
So upto 8.40 it is a natural movement, its movement towards the original position also. So 8.40-8.50 percent would be the new range for sometime unless we have an entirely different statement coming out on September 30 much beyond the expectation of what the market is feeling because nobody is expecting any rate cut in this policy. So people are now settled with a thought that untill Q4, there may not be any rate action.
With inflation numbers being quite conducive on WPI below 4 percent and on CPI also consistently below 8 percent, core CPI also trending southwards, there should not be panic in the rates market and people would consistently move towards lower yields or so. May not be a very steep rally unlike what happened in last week, Thursday-Friday, continued on Monday also. So that type of steep movement may not be there unless a bulk buyer is there but the range would be quite between 8.40-8.50 percent.
Q: What is your expectation from the second half borrowing figures which would be inclusive of the Rs 16000 crore and exclusive of that and hence would we see any movement in the yields? In both the scenarios what would be the reaction?
A: Going by the original calendar H2 should have Rs 2.32 trillion of market borrowing but that is excluding Rs 16000 crore. If Rs 16000 crore is carried forward, this number would become Rs 2.48 trillion. So Rs 2,48000 crore is something which can easily be absorbed by the market.
One more thing, we are looking at the buyback by government also. So this could be may be another form of switch where in the short-term bonds are being bought by government of India. In lieu of these bonds they may issue long-term for the market segment which is seeking such duration. So insurance companies and all may be interested in that duration.
Last year also the way switch was conducted, hats off to the merchant bank of the government, RBI who had done it so well that market didn’t feel any ripple of it. This year also the way government is buying back short-term, I am expecting may be some long duration bonds may come and that would be absorbed by the insurance sector.
Q: Any big positives or negatives from the policy? You already spoke about the fact that may be there is no rate movement which is already factored into the yields but what will the bond markets be watching out for very closely from the policy, would it be the commentary?
A: The trend that has been set and this started from the very first day governor Rajan took over saying that we are gradually moving towards lower SLR so government’s extravagance should not be funded by banking industry. So gradually, we saw SLR moving towards 22. So I would not be surprised if that trend continues. I am not sure whether in this policy or going forward but we look at SLR of something like 20 percent of NDTL in days to come. Now how much time would it take, what is the road map I would not be certainly able to comment on that. So if another cut of 25 bps on SLR comes through, it would not be surprising.
Second one could be some tweaking on the HTM side and the incomplete program of reducing the holding in HTM category may get completed in this financial year because last year when it was started after Q1 50 bps cut, it had to be kept in abeyance and it was restarted in this financial year. So now, HTM holding already has come down by about 100 bps from its last year beginning level. I don’t know whether in this particular policy statement or next one that process would continue.
RELATED NEWS

Syndicate Bank Chief SK Jain SackedYou are here: Home Corporates
Syndicate Bank Chief SK Jain Sacked
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 15:43 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
State-owned Syndicate Bank on Tuesday said that it has terminated its suspended chairman and managing director Sudhir Kumar Jain's term, with immediate effect.
"Syndicate Bank has informed the Exchange that the Central Government (vide their letter dated 22.09.2014), in terms of Sub-Clause (1A) of Clause 8 of the Nationalised Banks (Management and Miscellaneous Provisions) Scheme, 1970/1980 has terminated the term of office of Shri Sudhir Kumar Jain as Chairman and Managing Director of the Bank with immediate effect," the public sector bank said in a notice to BSE.
Mr Jain, who is in CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) custody presently, was arrested by the central agency on August 2 for allegedly receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh through conduits and abusing his official position to enhance the credit limits of some companies in violation of procedures.
On the day of Mr Jain's arrest, the CBI claimed to have recovered cash to the tune of Rs 21 lakh from his residence besides gold worth Rs. 1.68 crore and fixed deposits of up to Rs. 63 lakh.
Along with Mr Jain, 11 others including CMD (chairman and managing director) and directors of Bhushan Steel and Prakash Industries have been booked by the CBI - under relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 and criminal conspiracy.
The Syndicate Bank stock closed 3.07 per cent down on the NSE. In comparison the broader Nifty and the Sensex both ended 1.58 per cent down.
(With agency inputs)

Why Metal Stocks are Down for Third DayYou are here: Home Market
Why Metal Stocks are Down for Third Day
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 14:27 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
Metal stocks fell for the third day in a row tracking a weakness in commodity prices.
Tata Steel and Jindal Steel fell nearly 2 per cent whereas Hindalco Industries dropped over 3 per cent today.
The BSE Metal-sub index traded 1.63 per cent lower as compared to 0.99 per cent fall in the Sensex. It has fallen over 8 per cent in last one month and over 11 per cent in last three months as against 2 per cent gain in the Sensex in last one month and 6 per cent gain in last three months.
In general, commodity prices have fallen to their lowest level in last five years, hit by a strengthening US dollar, rising supply in key markets and concerns over faltering economic growth in China have weighed on metal stocks.
Steel and copper prices have fallen by nearly 6 per cent in the year so far whereas iron ore prices have fallen nearly 37 per cent this year so far. Among other commodities crude oil prices have corrected nearly 12 per cent, coal prices have fallen 22 per cent and palm oil prices have dropped by 17 per cent in this year so far.
China which is the largest consumer of commodities is witnessing a slowdown in its factory activities which has triggered a concern about global commodity demand and impacted the business outlook of metal companies.
Although falling commodity prices are negative for metal companies but it is certainly positive for India. In FY14, India had imported petroleum products of around $102 billion dollar, commodities worth $26 billion dollar, gold and silver worth $33 billion dollar. The falling commodity prices will help India reduce its overall import bill and contain its trade deficit. This will also have a positive impact on inflation and growth in India.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 14:27 (IST)

Euro Data Hits Stocks  China Reading Soothes CommoditiesYou are here: Home Market
Euro Data Hits Stocks, China Reading Soothes Commodities
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 15:57 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
London: More downbeat data from Europe left shares on course for a third day of losses on Tuesday, though commodities got a break from recent selling after a reading on China's massive factory sector outpaced the market's bleak expectations.
In data likely to dishearten European policymakers, euro zone business activity expanded at a slightly weaker pace than expected this month, with firms also cutting prices for a 30th month in a row to drum up business.
The manufacturing PMI for Germany, Europe's largest economy, slumped to 50.3, its lowest reading since June 2013 and below all forecasts in a Reuters poll of 32 economists, while a services industry PMI for France, the bloc's second-biggest economy, faltered after just two months in growth territory.
Stock markets in London, Frankfurt and Paris fell 1, 0.8 and 1.3 per cent respectively as new tax pressures also hit pharmaceutical and UK tobacco firms. Vienna slumped 2 per cent as Raiffeisen Bank warned it was likely to see its first ever annual loss due to problems in Ukraine and Hungary.
"Although there was some relief that the French PMI number wasn't worse, the fact that activity in Germany is only just expanding must be a worry," said Gavin Friend, a strategist at National Australia Bank.
In China the news had been slightly better. HSBC's flash survey on manufacturing (PMI) rose to 50.5, from 50.2 in August, confounding forecasts for a dip to 50.0.
The mixed data - comforting from China, less so in Europe - and the start of US-led air strikes on Islamic State strongholds in Syria gave a fillip to safe-haven US and German government bonds, while the high-flying dollar edged lower against its currency basket.
Economists had been braced for something worse from Beijing following the recent run of soft data from the world's number two economy and the relief also helped offset nerves over the fresh bout of political tensions in the Middle East.
Chinese stocks bounced 0.7 per cent to lead Asia marginally higher. The Australian dollar also hopped up. The Asian giant is Australia's single biggest export market and investors often use the currency as a liquid proxy for China plays.
Annette Beacher, head of Asia-Pacific research at TD Securities, noted the flash PMIs had averaged 50.9 for the third quarter, a pickup over the previous quarter's 49.6.
"After the dismal industrial production print for August, financial markets were increasingly of the view that China is slowing at a more rapid pace than desired, so today's print provides a welcome offset," said Beacher.
Australia's main index swung smartly higher to be up 1 per cent, while MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.2 per cent. Japanese markets were shut for a holiday.
Wall Street's took a tumble overnight. A 0.8 per cent drop for the S&P 500 was the biggest one-day decline since early August and was caused in part by a soft reading on US existing home sales. Early futures prices also pointed to another 0.2 per cent dip later.
Dollar Rests
US Treasuries and other global bond markets were also still benefitting from comments from New York Federal Reserve bank president William Dudley on Monday that there was still excessive slack in the US economy so any increase in interest rates should be done cautiously.
Yields on 10-year Treasury notes dipped to 2.56 per cent, from 2.59 per cent late Friday, while German Bunds and other core euro zone bond yields were barely budged just above their recent lows.
Dudley also said the steady rise in the dollar could complicate the Fed's job, potentially hurting US economic performance and pushing down inflation.
The currency has been on a hot streak recently thanks to the diverging outlook for US rates and those in Europe and Japan, where policy is set to remain super-easy and might even be loosened further.
Measured against a basket of currencies the dollar had climbed for 10 straight weeks, the longest run since the index was created in 1971. The index traded at 84.521, having peaked at 84.861 on Monday.
The dollar was also taking a breather against the yen at 108.74 after peaking at a six-year high of 109.46 last week. The euro was hanging on at $1.2862 having hit a new 14-month low at $1.2814 the previous day.
The Australian dollar recouped just a little of its recent losses on the China survey and nudged up to $0.8913. Likewise, copper and gold inched higher, the latter having touched its lowest since January at $1,208.36 on Monday.
Brent crude oil for November delivery bounced 20 cents to $97.17 a barrel, having fallen sharply overnight to be uncomfortably close to its recent trough of $96.21. US crude rose 15 cents to $91.01 a barrel.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Make transfers at banks need based: RBI panelMake transfers at banks need based: RBI panel
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 04:20 PM IST
Reserve Bank's committee on capacity building has suggested that banks must avoid transfer for the sake of norms and make them need based as per leadership requirement.
"Job rotation in banks, especially PSBs, should not be done in a mechanical manner but through a well laid down criteria.
"Transfers should focus on critical requirement like leadership across the geography and posts that require high concentration of power..., need-based transfers may be undertaken," said the Committee on 'Capacity Building in Banks and Non Banks'.
Banks must avoid transfer for the sake of preset norms, it added.
The 10-member committee is chaired by RBI's former Executive Director G Gopalakrishna.
It said banks should allow specialisation up to level III or IV so that demands of contemporary banking needs are met.
Among others, the report has recommended creating a position of Chief Learning Officer in banks for leadership development, knowledge dissemination and sharing.
The report has also recommended six-steps strategy for skill development; coaching or mentoring process for entry- level employees; top management training and supervisory focus on human resource management in banks.
Further, the report has suggested a common Banking Aptitude Test at a national level for entry level employees.
"The BAT score can be designed to provide an insight into the candidate's aptitude for banking; it is a necessary but not sufficient condition for selection as a bank employee. All banks can subscribe to and participate in the design and adoption of BAT as their common basic filter for recruitment."
It also said a centre of excellence (CoE) for leadership development may be created either as an independent institute or under the aegis of Centre for Advanced Financial Research and Learning(CAFRAL).
The report also said CAFRAL can administer the mentoring programme for CMD/CEOs of banks.
"It can create a pool of select, top notch, highly regarded mentors who can be invited to conduct the mentoring programs for CMD/CEOs of banks."
To address the issue of replacement of talent in banks, it has recommended that an expert pool be created internally as well as free movement of talent within organisation.
"One of the major bottlenecks banks face is in terms of finding suitable replacement of talent that is necessitated on account of attrition, retirement... Special recruitment based on job roles and competency could also be considered," it said.
The committee has asked for suggestions or comments on the evolving framework to operationalise the recommendations on or before October 31, 2014.

London ranked as costliest cityLondon ranked most expensive city globally, Savills report shows
By Andy Sharman in London and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f707420-42f7-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas booming torture trade denouncedAmnesty International denounces China’s booming torture trade
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0b083a96-430c-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Close Brothers profits get loans boostClose Brothers profits rise as business loan demand grows
By Harriet Agnew, City Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ceec5ac-42fa-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt to spend around Rs 33K cr on broadband...Government
(As per initial estimates,…)
NEW DELHI: Government plans to spend around Rs 33,000 crore over next 3 years on broadband projects, a top official said here today.
"Government will be spending approximately Rs 33,000 crore in coming three years in these (National Optical Fibre Network, Government Users Network, etc.) programme," Telecom Secretary Rakesh Garg said at an Assocham event.
While government has already approved Rs 21,000 crore for NOFN which aims to connect all 2.5 lakh village panchayat by March 2017, funds for GUN that will be used to deliver broadband service are yet to be approved by the Cabinet.
As per initial estimates, the capital expenditure for GUN is estimated to around Rs 4,942 crore and operational expense (opex) of Rs 2,472 crore per annum will be required.
The estimates have been sent to Expenditure Finance Committee for clearance after which it will be placed before the Cabinet for final nod.
Garg said the survey of about 2 lakh village panchayats has been completed and the work will be expedited as the rainy season is now over.
"We believe that by end of this financial, we will be completing more than 50,000 village panchayats," Garg said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Thermax Babcock bags Rs 339 cr orderHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Thermax Babcock bags Rs 339 cr order
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Sept 23:  
Thermax Babcock & Wilcox Energy Solutions Private Limited (TBWES), a joint venture of Thermax Ltd. and US-based Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group (B&W PGG) Inc. has won an export order valued at approximately Rs 339 crore.
The order is from B&W PGG for detailed engineering, manufacturing and supply of boiler pressure parts, critical piping, pulverisers, plate work for casing, ducts and hoppers for two pulverized coal-fired boilers for an international project.
The contract also includes the supply of ancillary items, including valves, dampers, expansion joints and instrumentation items.
Engineering and supply of material are scheduled to be completed within 21 months for the first unit and 24 months for the second unit, Thermax said in a statement.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Mobogenie launches next version of its Android app storeMobogenie launches next version of its Android app store
PTI
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 23:  
Mobile application solutions firm Mobogenie today launched its latest next generation Android store and entertainment hub, Mobogenie 2.0 Android Store.
Mobogenie 2.0 aims to redefine how users interact with their smartphone, featuring smart and highly intuitive exploration for easy access to apps, games, pictures, wallpapers, videos and e-books, the firm said in a statement.
With 440 million installations to date and available in over 30 languages, Mobogenie 2.0 Android Store makes user- friendly design accessible to locals everywhere, it added.
The store has a built-in clean up feature, which helps users free up more memory and get rid of unwanted junk like space unnecessarily taken up during app installs and uninstalls, Mobogenie said.
“User protection is of prime importance to us and ease of installation does not come at the expense of privacy or security. We ensure user safety by making sure all our available content has been thoroughly scanned with up-to- the-minute versions of Kaspersky, Norton and MacAfee anti-virus software,” the firm said.
The number of apps on the market can make it hard for a user to know which are worth the download, Mobogenie 2.0 Android Store provides a thoughtful and localised selection of the best and gives suggestions based on user tags and big data, it added.
According to research firm Gartner, mobile apps are expected to see more than 268 billion downloads and generate revenue of over US$ 77 billion by 2017, becoming one of the most popular computing tools.
That apart, the number of mobile connections in India is expected to grow by 8 per cent to touch 815 million this year, even as the market is expected to remain at almost the same level as last year — at US$19.2 billion, it added.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

China: Ready to boost defence ties with Sri ...China says ready to boost defence ties with Sri Lanka
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 05.39PM IST
Tags:
China
(China today said it is ready…)
BEIJING: China today said it is ready to boost "pragmatic cooperation" with Sri Lankan military, days after Chinese President Xi Jinping described the country as an "all weather friend".
Sri Lanka's secretary of defence and urban development, Gotabaya Rajapaksa today met Xu Qiliang, vice chairman of China's Central Military Commission and discussed steps to improve the military ties.
Hailing the friendship between China and Sri Lanka, Xu said leaders of two countries attached great importance to military-to-military ties and the Chinese military was willing to strengthen "pragmatic cooperation in various fields with the Sri Lankan military," state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
Xi and his Sri Lankan counterpart Mahinda Rajapaksa agreed to strengthen the two countries' strategic cooperative partnership during the Chinese President's state visit to Colombo last week.
Gotabaya said Sri Lanka would continue to enhance cooperation with China to advance military-to-military ties.
During his Colombo visit, Xi elevated Lanka-China ties terming the island nation as an "all weather friend", a term Beijing exclusively used for Pakistan for many decades to characterise close relations between the two countries.
China regards Sri Lanka as an all-weather friend and partner, Xi had said during his meeting with Sri Lankan Parliament Speaker Chamal Rajapaksa and which observers say is a significant elevation for Sri Lanka in China's diplomatic and strategic considerations.
Sri Lanka under Rajapakse has emerged as a close ally of China amid concerns in India over Beijing's growing influence in its backyard in the Indian Ocean.
Besides heavy investments in infrastructure as well as aid, Sri Lanka looks to emerge as a key country to implement Xi's Maritime Silk Road (MSR) plan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make in India  campaign will bear fruit: India IncSep 23, 2014, 05.33 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
'Make in India' campaign will bear fruit: India Inc
What is India Inc expecting from Narendra Modi's maiden US visit? Shivinder Singh of Fortis Healthcare feels that Modi's visit will boost ties between the nations. Meanwhile, Preetha Reddy of Apollo Hospitals feels that the US visa regime must be relaxed.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Make in India' campaign will bear fruit: India Inc
What is India Inc expecting from Narendra Modi's maiden US visit? Shivinder Singh of Fortis Healthcare feels that Modi's visit will boost ties between the nations. Meanwhile, Preetha Reddy of Apollo Hospitals feels that the US visa regime must be relaxed.
Post your opinion here

My relations with PM  too sacred  emotional   says Rajnath SinghSep 23, 2014 at 05:26pm IST
My relations with PM 'too sacred, emotional', says Rajnath Singh
5
0
New Delhi: Brushing aside reports of differences with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh has said that his relations with Modi was "too sacred, emotional and deep" and that he would ensure it is never spoilt even if he is "personally harmed".
The Home Minister also made it clear that Modi's primacy in the Union Cabinet was "very natural and not imposed". "Let me tell you that in the past one-and-a-half years, our relationship has grown quite deep... Those who are speculating about our relationship are totally unaware of its depth.
"It is too sacred, emotional and deep to let anything spoil it. I will not let this happen even if I am personally harmed. You see, in my public life, credibility is the only capital I have earned. And I am determined not to fritter it away and lead the life of an animal (pashuvat jeevan jeena sweekar nahin)," the Home Minister was quoted as saying in the latest issue of 'Governance Now'.
The Home Minister also made it clear that Modi's primacy in the Union Cabinet was "very natural and not imposed".
#rajnath singh #narendra modi #tracking the modi government #bjp
Singh was responding to questions about his equation with Modi especially in view of the much-talked relations in the past between former Prime Ministers Jawaharlal Nehru and Atal Bihari Vajpayee with Sardar Patel and LK Advani respectively.
Singh, a former BJP President, sought to put speculation at rest that there was anything wrong between him and Modi. "If I have established a deep personal and emotional bond with a certain individual, I cannot think of harming him or her in any way. I cannot commit the sin of harming someone close to me simply because I have developed some differences with that person. This is not my politics."
Singh also appeared to admit that there may be some people nursing grievances against him "over some confusion" in the past. "I am open to talking to them and resolving the issues. You must have noted consistency in my conduct even when I faced friends-turned-foes in Uttar Pradesh. I have never used any derogatory description for even the worst of my adversaries and never harmed them," he said.
Singh said that the reported differences as speculated in the media between the Prime Minister and Home Minister "will remain a history" and the future will be different and not a repetition of the past.
"Let us bury this history and move ahead. And let me also explain that despite misgivings in the media Atalji and Advaniji shared a very cordial and mutually respectful relationship," he said.
When asked why he chose to join the government when he had expressed desire to remain as BJP President, Singh said that he had never decided for himself. "In this case, the party leadership in general and Prime minister Narendra Modi in particular asked me to take up this assignment in the government. I decided to go by the collective wisdom of the organisation," he said.
To a question whether he had any regrets conceding primacy to Modi and joining the government, Singh said he had never hankered for primacy in his political career. "Those who know me can vouch for it that I have never asked for anything. So there is nothing to regret about. Yet, I would like to point out that in politics, the most popular leader gets primacy. You must have seen me conceding primacy to Modi even at the BJP national executive in Goa where he was declared the face of the party's campaign.
"I chose to speak before him, giving clear indications of his leadership position. He is the most popular leader of the country. Moreover, in the Indian cabinet system, the prime minister gets primacy....you see, even a family cannot run without conceding primacy to someone. In Modiji's case, his primacy is very natural and not imposed," he said.
2

Saradha scam: Sudipta Sen s aide names TMC leader Mukul Roy49
1
Kolkata: In a fresh twist in the Saradha chit fund scam, the main accused Sudipto Sen's driver and assistant has pointed fingers at senior Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader Mukul Roy.
Arvind Singh Chouhan told the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday that Roy and TMC MP Subhendu Adhikari met Sen before he went into hiding last year as the scam broke.
Chouhan said that he was witness to Roy and West Bengal ex-DGP Rajat Majumdar holding a meeting with Sen on April 5, 2013. Chouhan also said that he was a witness to Adhikari holding a meeting with Sen.
#saradha scam #west bengal #chit fund scam #sudipta sen
Chouhan was arrested along with Sen from Kashmir shortly after the scam came to light. He is currently out on bail.
The TMC, which is Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee's party, has time and again denied its involvement in the scam with the CM even alleging it to be a conspiracy against her government.
The claims, however, were refuted by an arrested party MP, Kunal Ghosh who alleged that Mamata was the biggest beneficiary of the scam.
34

Skillsoft brings training courseware to curb sexual harassmentSep 23, 2014 at 05:59pm IST
Skillsoft brings training courseware to curb sexual harassment
6
0
Hyderabad: Cloud-based learning solutions provider Skillsoft on Tuesday introduced an e-learning courseware focused on sexual harassment sensitisation and prevention, customised for India.
The online course, suitable for employees across levels, introduces learners to sexual harassment prevention guidelines, the company said in a statement. "It helps to identify and prevent sexual harassment at workplace through scenario building and outlining of both corporate and employee personal liabilities arising from any such transgressions.
The training helps employees recognise all actions and acts amounting to sexual harassment through real life situations and examples," it said. "This courseware helps participants identify the various types of sexual harassment and recognise behaviours that may be considered inappropriate," said Vinay Pradhan, Country Manager -India, Skillsoft.
The online course, suitable for employees across levels, introduces learners to sexual harassment prevention guidelines, the company said in a statement.
#crimes against women #skillsoft #sexual harassment #courseware
The courseware is an interactive session with the lesson objectives divided into two phases -- phase one discusses the types of sexual harassment and helps participants identify such inappropriate situations at the workplace through examples, and phase two, which is focused on the course of action available to the victims of sexual harassment and also employer responsibilities in this area.
The entire programme has live situations and questions at regular intervals to check on comprehension and understanding by the participants, the statement added.
3

18th Indian jailed for rioting in Singapore s Little IndiaSep 23, 2014 at 05:52pm IST
18th Indian jailed for rioting in Singapore's Little India
24
0
Singapore: A 24-year-old Indian was on Tuesday sentenced to 31 months in jail and three strokes of cane for rioting and abetting others during the Little India riots, becoming the 18th Indian to be jailed for his involvement in the country's worst street violence in 40 years.
Prabakaran Chinnappa, a construction worker here, was sentenced to 31 months in jail and three strokes of the cane after pleading guilty to rioting, and abetting others to set fire to an ambulance, The Straits Times reported.
Chinnappawas convicted for hitting an empty police car repeatedly with a stick and helping flip the vehicle onto its side, the report said. He also threw pieces of paper into the car after it had been set on fire to feed the flames, and later threw a glass bottle at police, it reported.
The riot was sparked by the death of an Indian national in an accident with a local bus amidst a gathering of some 400 migrant workers from South Asia.
#india #singapore #jail #prabakaran chinnappa
He was also charged for repeatedly hitting an empty ambulance with a stick and threw a beer carton into it. He then shouted for others to "hit, hit, burn, burn" and told some rioters to pour petrol on the vehicle, it said.
Fifty-eight police and defence officers were injured and 23 emergency vehicles damaged in the riot on the night of December 8, 2013 in Little India, a precinct of Indian origin shops, businesses, pubs, eateries, hotels and motels.
The riot was sparked by the death of an Indian national in an accident with a local bus amidst a gathering of some 400 migrant workers from South Asia.
1

New programme helps shy kids learnSep 23, 2014 at 05:43pm IST
New programme helps shy kids learn
8
0
New York: Researchers have developed a new programme that helps shy kids to become more engaged in their class work and improve their math and critical thinking skills.
The programme helps teachers modify their interactions with students based on an individual's temperament, said researchers at New York University's Steinhardt School of Culture, Education and Human Development.
"The needs of shy kids are important but often overlooked because they're sitting quietly, while children with behavioural problems get more attention from teachers," said Sandee McClowry, a professor in NYU's Steinhardt's Department of Applied Psychology and the study's senior author.
Participants in the programme learn to recognise four temperaments: shy, social and eager to try, industrious, and high maintenance.
#new york university #kids #learning #steinhardt school
Shyness is one of four temperaments identified in INSIGHTS into Children's Temperament, an intervention designed to help teachers and parents match environmental demands with an individual's personality.
The programme provides a framework for appreciating and supporting differences in the personalities of children, rather that trying to change them. Participants in the programme learn to recognise four temperaments: shy, social and eager to try, industrious, and high maintenance.
In the current study, the researchers evaluated whether INSIGHTS supports the academic development - specifically critical thinking, math and language skills - of children in urban, low-income schools.
Nearly 350 children and their parents across 22 elementary schools were followed during kindergarten and across the transition into first grade. Half of the schools participating were randomised to INSIGHTS, while the other half, which served as the control group, participated in a supplemental after-school reading programme.
Over 10 weeks, teachers and parents in the INSIGHTS programme learned how to recognise differences in children and support them in ways that are specific to their individual temperaments.
During the same time period, children participated in INSIGHTS classroom activities, using puppets, flashcards, workbooks, and videotapes to help them solve daily dilemmas - for instance, having a substitute teacher or a play date at an unfamiliar house - and understand how individuals differ.
While all children enrolled in INSIGHTS showed improvements in academic skills, the effects were substantially greater for shy children. Shy children who participated in INSIGHTS had significant growth in critical thinking skills and stability in math skills over the transition from kindergarten to first grade, compared to their shy peers in the control group who declined
in both areas. The findings appear in the journal School Psychology Review.
0

Geopolitical tensions drag Sensex 431 pts; DLF  Cipla crashGeopolitical tensions drag Sensex 431 pts; DLF  Cipla crash
Cardamom up 0.8% on firm demandCardamom up 0.8% on firm demand
ICICI Bank launches new product for NRIsICICI Bank launches new product for NRIs
Rupee falls to 1-week low of 60.94 Vs USDHi Guest
Rupee falls to 1-week low of 60.94 Vs USD
The Indian rupee fell the most among emerging market peers on Tuesday as shares slumped after weak global manufacturing surveys raised growth concerns, while month-end dollar demand from importers also hurt sentiment for the local unit. Surveys showed French business activity contracted in September, while Germany's manufacturing sector expanded at its slowest pace since June 2013.  Meanwhile, a private survey showed China's factory activity edging up in September, though unemployment fell to a ...

Lancor Holdings: Board meeting on Sept 29  2014Sep 23, 2014, 06.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lancor Holdings: Board meeting on Sept 29, 2014
Lancor Holdings has board meeting of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014, to consider the following agenda: 1. To take note on the Special Resolution passed through Postal Ballot Process. 2. To discuss the formation of Trust for Corporate Social Responsibility CSR) activities as per the Companies Act, 2013.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lancor Holdings: Board meeting on Sept 29, 2014
Lancor Holdings has board meeting of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014, to consider the following agenda: 1. To take note on the Special Resolution passed through Postal Ballot Process. 2. To discuss the formation of Trust for Corporate Social Responsibility CSR) activities as per the Companies Act, 2013.
Post your opinion here
 
Lancor Holdings Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014, inter alia, to consider the following agenda:1. To take note on the Special Resolution passed through Postal Ballot Process.2. To discuss the formation of Trust for Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities as per the Companies Act, 2013.3. To discuss and update the status of ongoing projects of the Company.Source : BSE

Loan growth will kick-start next leg of bank stock rallySep 23, 2014, 06.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Loan growth will kick-start next leg of bank stock rally
As banks exit a crisis (or a deep slowdown) stock performance follows two legs: the first is a relief rally when investors start feeling less worried about the economy and thereby banks’ viabilities, and second, when economic and revenue growth starts picking up.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Loan growth will kick-start next leg of bank stock rally
As banks exit a crisis (or a deep slowdown) stock performance follows two legs: the first is a relief rally when investors start feeling less worried about the economy and thereby banks’ viabilities, and second, when economic and revenue growth starts picking up.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
As banks exit a crisis (or a deep slowdown) stock performance follows two legs: the first is a relief rally when investors start feeling less worried about the economy and thereby banks’ viabilities, and second, when economic and revenue growth starts picking up.
That’s according to a research report by broking firm Morgan Stanley, which says that bank stocks right now are in the transition phase between the two stages. The brokerage believes the second leg of the rally – which will be a prolonged one – is likely to begin March 2015 onwards as more signs of economic growth become visible.
“Bank stocks reacted to the improvement in economic outlook and the Bank index in India is up 42 percent year-to-date in calendar year 2014 [compared to 28 percent gain for the Sensex],” it said. “However, over the last three months, banks have stopped outperforming the broader market.”
The peak of the bad loan cycle is behind, according to Morgan Stanley. “This is evident in the flow of loans to the restructuring pipeline,” it said, adding that while there were still some large corporates with questionable balance sheets, the probability of these turning into bad loans was low were the economy to recover.
However, banks will start reporting actual loan growth no sooner than the quarter ending March 2015, which would be led by private banks even as state-owned banks may continue to struggle to due to low capital adequacy, analysts at the firm wrote.
“Some of this will be market share gain and the rest will be initial pickup in loan demand from the corporate sector. This should drive the beginning of the second leg of performance. As loan growth picks up in F16, stock returns will likely remain strong,” they added.
Why state-owned banks will lag
If the economy reflates, most of the banks will likely do fairly well on performance. The outperformers, however, will be those that have the capacity to grow. “State-owned banks in this regard are severely challenged – unless they are properly capitalized rather than in the piecemeal approach followed by the government. We expect private banks to outperform and would own those as the vehicle to participate in Indian reflation theme,” according to the note.
The report pointed out that the common equity tier I ratio for state-owned banks stood at a low 8.2 percent, and that with them facing a USD 50 billion capitalization need over the next five years, they would soon “run out of capacity to grow loans at much above 10 percent.”
Private banks, on the other hand, will be able to grow above 20 percent by as soon as FY16, the note added.
Morgan Stanley has a Buy rating on several private banks as well as non-banking financial firms but its top picks include IDFC , HDFC Bank , Axis Bank , LIC Housing Finance , Shriram City Union Finance , all of which have an upside potential between 25 percent and 36 percent from current levels.

BHEL bags mandate to develop Telangana power projectsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
BHEL bags mandate to develop Telangana power projects
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, September 23:  
BHEL is set to bag the mandate to develop 800 mw Kothagudem and 1080 mw Manuguru thermal power contracts from the Telangana Government.
This follows a meeting between the State Chief Minister K. Chandrashekar Rao and B.P. Rao, Chairman and Managing Director, BHEL.
BHEL will get the mandate for both these projects to serve as an EPC contractor. Formal memorandums would be inked later.
B.P. Rao met the Chief Minister along with Atul Sobti, Director Power and other BHEL executives at Secretariat.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister directed Chairman and Managing Director of Telangana State Genco, D. Prabhakar Rao, to ensure generation of 6000 MW in the next three years to make the Telangana State Power surplus.
The CMD of BHEL assured the Chief Minister to execute the projects of 1080 MW (4x270) within the next twenty four months and the other project within the next three years.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Suzuki Motorcycle expects two-wheeler sales to reach 1 mn units in three yearsSuzuki Motorcycle expects two-wheeler sales to reach 1 mn units in three years
BS REPORTER | Chennai Sep 23, 2014 06:04 PM IST
Suzuki Motorcycle India Pvt Ltd (SMIPL) is planning to increase its market presence in India to sell around 1 million (10 lakh) two wheelers by next three years from the last years' sales of four lakh units.
The company is also looking at synergies with the strengths of Maruti Suzuki, the car manufacturing JV which has huge presence across the country, said senior official from SMIPL.
Speaking to reporters in the sidelines of launch of Suzuki's new "street sport" motorcycle Gixxer in Chennai, Atul Gupta, Executive Vice President, SMIPL said, "We want to increase our sales of two wheelers in India to 1 million units in next three years. Last year, the sales was around 4 lakh units". The company is expecting its new product launches and expansion in point of sales would help it to achieve the growth.
With the new launch, the company has three scooter models and two motorcycle models in its kitty. It has 11% market share in scooters and around 1% in motorcycles. He said that the company is expecting its market share to go up in the near future, as it is planning to launch more variants and models to address various segments.
The company at present has around 630 touch points including around 330 dealers. Plans are to increase the touch points to 1,000 by March, next year, of which more than 600 would be dealership, he said.
When asked on whether the company would look at support from the Maruti Suzuki presence across the country for expansion, he said that the company has been looking at a synergy to work together wherever there is a requirement, in which the dealers of the car model could also look at options to be part of the motorcycle brand's distribution network.
He added that the company is expecting to sell one lakh units of the new motorcycle model, Suzuki Gixxer, in the market in the next 12 months.
"We are looking at 10% market share of the 150 cc motorcycle category. The market for this segment is currently 10 lakh and thus, we expect we will have one lakh units of the model sold in the next 12 months' period," he said.
The product is priced at Rs 74,552 ex-showroom Chennai, and the company expects that the cost of ownership of the vehicle would be 30% lower than the nearest competitor product.

Afghanistans Hamid Karzai takes one last swipe at US in his farewellspeechIn his final year in office Karzai refused to sign a security agreement with the US that would allow about 10,000 American military advisers and trainers to stay in the country next year. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Kabul | Posted: September 23, 2014 6:27 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 6:29 pm
Outgoing Afghan President Hamid Karzai used his farewell speech on Tuesday to take one last swipe at the United States, capping a long-testy relationship with the accusation that America hasn’t wanted peace in Afghanistan.
The only president Afghanistan has known since the 2001 US-led invasion said the United States wanted war in  Afghanistan “because of its own interests.”
Karzai’s relationship with the US has grown increasingly fragile in recent years, but the US-Afghan relationship may get a reset on Monday, when President-elect Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai will be sworn in.
The United States has spent more than USD 100 billion on aid in Afghanistan since 2001 to train and equip the country’s security forces, to pave crumbling dirt roads, to upgrade hospitals and to build schools.
But Karzai in his speech thanked a slew of countries for their help India, Japan, China, Iran, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, South Korea and Germany without mentioning the US.
The speech fingered the US and the military leaders of  neighbouring Pakistan as the powers backing perpetual war.
“If America and Pakistan really want it, peace will come to Afghanistan,” Karzai said. “War in Afghanistan is based on the aims of foreigners. The war in Afghanistan is to the benefit of foreigners. But Afghans on both sides are the sacrificial lambs and victims of this war.”
More than 2,200 US forces have died in Afghanistan operations since 2001. Nearly 20,000 have been wounded.
The United Nations says that some 8,000 Afghan civilians have been killed in the conflict over the last five years alone.
In his final year in office Karzai refused to sign a security agreement with the US that would set the legal framework to allow about 10,000 American military advisers and trainers to stay in the country next year. Ghani Ahmadzai has said he will sign it.
Karzai’s relationship with President Barack Obama is seen as weak, though Secretary of State John Kerry appears to have a rapport with the outgoing Afghan president.
Dozens of telephone calls made by Kerry to the two top  presidential candidates helped bring about a political deal signed Sunday for a unity government.
Ghani Ahmadzai was announced by the election commission as winner of a June runoff election plagued by a huge amount of vote fraud. Opponent Abdullah Abdullah will fill the newly created role of government chief executive.
Outgoing President Hamid Karzai said the United States wanted war in  Afghanistan 'because of its own interests'.

Mukesh Ambani  Ruia among participants in  Make in India  campaign | CoverageYou are here: Home > Collections > Manufacturing
Mukesh Ambani, Shashi Ruia among participants in 'Make in India' programme
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 06.29PM IST
Tags:
Anand Mahindra
(Campaign is aimed at making…)
NEW DELHI: Leading industrialists, including RIL chief Mukesh Ambani , Essar Group Chairman Shashi Ruia and many other global and domestic CEOs will participate in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious 'Make in India' campaign launch here on Thursday.
The Campaign is aimed at making India a global manufacturing hub and creating huge employment opportunities in the country, besides boosting trade and economic growth.
"The Make in India Campaign is one of the key missions of the Government and companies from India and outside are being welcomed to expand and set up facilities for manufacturing in India - for servicing the domestic and global markets. CEOs of important manufacturing companies in India both domestic and MNCs will be present in the function," the official invite sent by the Government said.
Other high-profile CEOs likely to be present at the launch include Chairman of Tata Group Cyrus Mistry; Mahindra Group CMD Anand Mahindra; Biocon CMD Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw; and ITC Chairman Y C Deveshvar; among others.
In his maiden Independence Day address this year, Modi invited the global business community to set up manufacturing facilities in India, giving the slogan 'Come, Make in India'.
To make it more successful, the campaign would be simultaneously launched in different state capitals, including Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore.
The campaign will also be launched in countries having similar time zone as that of India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s foreign policy independent  says Chi...China
(The bilateral ties were…)
BEIJING: India's foreign policy is an independent one and no major power can impose its will on the "giant elephant" of South Asia, a leading Chinese daily said in an article Tuesday, while underlining the importance of the Sino-Indian relationship.
The bilateral ties were complementary and improving, as the two neighbours have found a "practical and postive" way to manage their territorial dispute, the People's Daily said.
"India, the 'giant elephant' of South Asia, operates an independent foreign policy," the People's Daily in its online edition said in an article headlined "Japan cannot rely on India to counter China".
The paper, which is the mouthpiece of the ruling Communist Party of China , highlighted the fact that Chinese President Xi Jinping, during his visit to India this month, met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his home state of Gujarat .
"This visit was a symbol of mutual respect between India and China, and has been seen as the first step in establishing a personal relationship between the top leaders of the two countries," the article stated.
"It is of indispensable strategic value for India to cooperate with China on a friendly basis. How India manages its other relationships is another story. To be good neighbours with China has significant geopolitical implications, and is of all-around benefit to both India and China."
Referring to Prime Minister Modi's visit to Japan earlier this month, the article stated: "Some commentators in Japan suggested that the leaders of Japan and India were aiming to build a strategic counterweight to China. The suggestions are groundless."
Stating that friendly relations between neighbouring countries are a basic precondition for health in other foreign affairs, the article said this applied especially to India today.
"It can be clearly asserted that the stronger the Sino-India relationship is, the better India will be able to manage its relationships with the US and Japan."
According to the article, China is considered to be the biggest rival to the US and Japan.
"Both the US and Japan are inclined to look for allies to help them counter China. These two countries will try to discourage India from any rapprochement with China if the two countries seem to be getting too close. However, they will want bilateral relationships to be improved if there is a downturn," the article said.
Mentioning that China sought to have long-term benefits from its relationship with India, the articl said the relationship between the two countries "is of independent strategic value and it has nothing to do with relationships with America and Japan".
"The Sino-India bond has been improving for many years, better than many other foreign relationships. Rationality and perspective play dominant roles in Sino-India relationships."
It said the governments of the two countries were taking a practical and positive approach when it came to territorial disputes in order not to damage their bilateral relationship.
"This is a most reasonable approach in dealing with territorial disputes in Asia. It also provide the two countries with a new angle to manage this kind of dispute," the article stated.
"It is necessary to understand that China and India are complementary to each other," it concluded.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No plan to hike food subsidy: Paswanfood security
The Union Food Minister revealed that only five states have fully implemented the Food Security Act
Union Food Minister, Ram Vilas Paswan clarified that subsidised grain allocations through the public distribution system (PDS) would not be hiked for now. Denying a news report that a hike was on the cards, Mr. Paswan told reporters, “It is true that we have large stocks of rice and wheat but there is no proposal, no suggestion, to give 7 kg instead of 5.”
Under the Food Security Act, two thirds of the population gets 5 kg of rice and wheat monthly at Rs 3 and Rs 2 per kg respectively. Several states have demanded an increase. The Minister added, "7 kg food grains per person can be supplied through PDS but this would put pressure on the food subsidy bill."
Mr. Paswan revealed that only five states have fully implemented the act and six others have partially implemented it. Twenty five other states and union territories have not implemented the act, for which the Centre has given them three more months to comply.

U.S. stock futures drop as European stocks sinkU.S. stock futures lower as European stocks sink
By: Kim Hjelmgaard September 23, 2014 2:11 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
U.S. stock futures were trading lower Tuesday after European markets plunged on weaker-than-expected eurozone economic data and as U.S.-led airstrikes began against ISIL in Syria.
Dow and S&P 500 futures were down 0.4% in pre-market trading.
In its monthly survey, financial information company Markit said its purchasing managers’ index for the eurozone — a closely watched gauge of business activity — fell to a nine-month low of 52.3 in September from the previous month’s 52.5.
Britain’s FTSE  plunged 1.7% and Germany’s DAX index dropped 1.3%. France’s CAC 40 tumbled 1.8%.
Stocks in China rose but Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index fell.
U.S. markets ended lower Monday .
Contributing: The Associated Press

ASCI upholds complaints against 110 misleading adsSep 23, 2014, 06.20 PM IST  | Source: PTI
ASCI upholds complaints against 110 misleading ads
According to the Customer Complaints Council (CCC) of ASCI (Advertising Standard Council of India), it received 127 complaints during the month and maximum 55 complaints of misleading ads were upheld from personal and healthcare category.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ASCI upholds complaints against 110 misleading ads
According to the Customer Complaints Council (CCC) of ASCI (Advertising Standard Council of India), it received 127 complaints during the month and maximum 55 complaints of misleading ads were upheld from personal and healthcare category.
Post your opinion here
 
Advertising industry watchdog ASCI upheld complaints against 110 campaigns in June for misleading ads, including those of Amazon, Hindutan Uniliver, Delhi Metro, Marico, Wipro, L'Oreal and Thomas Cook India.
According to the Customer Complaints Council (CCC) of ASCI (Advertising Standard Council of India), it received 127 complaints during the month and maximum 55 complaints of misleading ads were upheld from personal and healthcare category.
The CCC concluded that etailing firm Amazon has mislead and contravened advertising guidelines in a TV commercial, where it had claimed to guarantee one day delivery.
"The CCC concluded that in the absence of a super/ disclaimer, the TVC is misleading by omission. The advertisement contravened the ASCI Code. The complaint was upheld," said ASCI.
A complaint against Delhi Metro Rail Corporation was also upheld, where it in an advertisement had claimed that its 95 percent customers show courtesy to their fellow passengers, 95 percent customers allow passengers to deboard first before entering into the train, 95 percent of our customers offer seats to senior citizens, women and other needy ones, more than 25,000 commuters purchase Smart Cards on a daily basis.
ASCI also upheld a complaint against L'Oreal India, where it had claimed that its Garnier Colour Naturals has olive oil cream based formula which nourishes hair for 8 weeks.
Similarly, complaint against Kolkata-based FMCG major Emami terming it as "misleading by omission" after it could not substantiate its claim that Damage Control Hair Oil is world's first hair oil that provides damage control.
Marico, which had claimed that Saffola Gold Oil has a scientific solution for every heart and sets a benchmark not with other oils but with the best advancements in heart care was pulled up after CCC found that "comparative data were misleading by implication".
Wipro in the ad of Glucovita shows a small boy in his school uniform sitting on a park bench and teasing a dog who is tied to another bench. The dog unleashes itself from the bench and runs after the boy who flips a tablet of Glucovita into the air and catches it with his mouth and runs faster and leaves the dog far behind.
"This suggests a dangerous act... a boy flipping the Glucovita Bolts in the air and catching it in his mouth shows a dangerous act which is likely to encourage minors to emulate such act in a manner which could cause harm or injury," ASCI said.
Similarly, it also upheld complaints against Mahashian Di Hatti Ltd (MDH Masale), which had shown two males riding motorbikes without helmet.
RELATED NEWS

Realty stocks face selling pressure; down up to 11%Realty stocks face selling pressure; down up to 11%
Spices add special flavour to Indian exports to ChinaSpices add special flavour to Indian exports to China
Cisco unveils  Smart City  model for a Digital IndiaCisco unveils  Smart City  model for a Digital India
YOUNG TURKS CONCLAVE16:09 pm Dabur's banks on social cause for its Sani Fresh brand
- in Business
16:09 pm Amul to celebrate Nov 26 as National Milk Day
- in Business
15:49 pm Emami's HE Deodorant launch previewed on Men's Day
- in Business

AirAsia announces promotional offerAirAsia announces promotional offer
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 23, 2014 06:40 PM IST
AirAsia has announced its latest promotion with 1.5 million seats up for grabs with fare starting from Rs 690 one way. AirAsia India is offering all inclusive fare starting from Rs 690 from Bangalore to Chennai / Kochi / Goa and Rs 2390 from Bangalore to Jaipur and Chandigarh. This offer is also available on AirAsia Berhad and Thai AirAsia flights. All inclusive fare is available from Rs 4999 from Chennai/Kochi/Kolkata/Tiruchirappalli/Bangalore to Kuala Lumpur and Rs 4500 from Chennai to Bangkok. This offer is available from now until 5th Oct 2014, for the travel period from 15 Jan - 30 Jun 2015.
AirAsia on Tuesday also announced its loyalty programme - AirAsia BIG, by tying up with Hilton HHonors, the loyalty programme for Hilton Worldwide's 11 hotel brands. As of now some 20 per cent of the 12-year-old AirAsia's business in South East Asia comes from such loyalty programmes, according to Loh Wai Meng, chief operating officer, AirAsia BIG. The group said, it is also in talks with three-four banks in the country for offering the loyalty programme.

Former Nokia India head P Balaji to join Vodafone IndiaFormer Nokia India head P Balaji to join Vodafone India
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 23, 2014 06:06 PM IST
Former Nokia India head P Balaji will be joining country's second largest telecom firm Vodafone India as its regulatory and external affairs director next month.
"Our new Director - Regulatory and External Affairs will be P Balaji. He joins us from Nokia India, where he was the Managing Director till recently," Vodafone said in a statement.
Balaji is expected to join next month.
Vodafone's current regulatory head TV Ramachandran and external affairs director Rohit Adya will retire over the next few months.
The country's second largest telecom operator will be merging the regulatory and external affairs functions to be headed by Balaji.
"TV Ramachandran, Resident Director (Regulatory Affairs and Government Relations) and Rohit Adya, Director (External Affairs) are set to retire over the next few months. We are using this opportunity to fine-tune our organization structure by merging the Regulatory and External Affairs functions for there are strong areas of synergy between them," Vodafone said.
Adya will continue to serve the company in the capacity of Chairman of the Vodafone Foundation.
"He will be involved in setting up the CSR activities of Vodafone in India and will drive the governance around this important domain," Vodafone added.

The 45  Are Here  And They re Not Going To Take It Anymore (Or Pay Their Licence Fee)Scottish Referendum Results Give Birth To 'The 45'
Posted:
reddit
They have said they will not go quietly into the night, that they will not vanish without a fight, they're going to live on, they're going to survive, they are 'the 45%'.
Does that quote sound familiar? Yes, that's right, frustrated pro-indy Scots are quoting the much-loved Will Smith movie Independence Day to voice their resistance to the result of yesterday's historic referendum vote in which more than two million people rejected independence.
But rather than referring to hordes of tentacled aliens intent on destroying mankind, some Scots were using the speech, made by the actor Bill Pullman and modified from William Shakespeare's Henry V, to make it clear that they were unhappy with the outcome of the democratic vote.
"We will not go quietly into the night! We will not vanish without a fight! We're going to live on! We're going to survive" #The45
— Matt Maclachlan (@kizaer) September 20, 2014
Displaying levels of political engagement that would surely make both the Yes camp and Better Together proud, Scots continued to hotly debate the result of the referendum in a warning to Westminster that they will not give up on their fight for independence.
Thousands took to Twitter Saturday, with the hashtag #the45 trending as Scots from camp Yes warned the rest of the UK to "expect them."
Conspiracy theories surrounding a cover-up and vote rigging were rife amid the tweets, while others said "the fight will go on."
After months of accusations being thrown at the BBC for biased reporting,  many of the 45ers have also revealed they will no longer be paying their BBC licences saying "enough is enough."
The campaign goes directly against what former prime minister Gordon Brown urged for Scots this morning - that the time has come to throw away the Yes and No signs and for the country to unite in order to tackle what many perceive as the political inequity of Westminster.
READ MORE
Now The North's Newspapers Have United To Demand Devolved Power
Urging the two opposing camps to come together, Brown said Saturday: "I would make a plea this morning, that the Yes and No posters, let's throw them away. That the Yes and No stickers, let's cast them aside and consign them to the history books."
Brown this morning set out proposals for a united Scotland and pledged that the promises made on further devolution would be delivered.
As political wrangling in Westminster continued over his successor's plans for sweeping constitutional reform across the United Kingdom, Brown said: "There is a time to fight but there is a time to unite and this is the time for Scotland to unite and see if it can find common purpose and move from the battle ground to the common ground and let us seek to find high ground in trying to find a way forward for the future."
But it seems on social media, at least, that the Yes camp aren't prepared to let the issue of independence rest just yet.
My heart may be heavy but my conscience is clear. I tried to free Scotland. I showed no fear. #the45 pic.twitter.com/dp8yGI0R3j
— Me. I Am Sarah... (@MButterflyLambC) September 19, 2014
I feel empowered because it is obvious that #the45 are not giving up, not going away. The elites will be held to account from now on.
— Ross Gibson (@gibsonshine) September 20, 2014
On Thursday I felt empowered, yesterday I felt debilitated. Today I feel empowered again, only this time I am angry. We are the 45%. #the45
— Ross Gibson (@gibsonshine) September 20, 2014
Others, were not so keen, and responded to the 45% and their accusations of the result being fixed with exasperation, telling those concerned that "this is Scotland, not Sudan."
This 45 nonsense is all a bit sad. The people of Scotland have spoken. You may not like what they said, but give it a rest. Please.
— Murdo Fraser (@murdo_fraser) September 20, 2014
Do " #the45 " understand the concept of a majority? Hint..... it's more than 44.7%.
— Pete Farmer (@Peter_J_Farmer) September 20, 2014
Additionally, despite acceptance from Alex Salmond that the outcome of the vote was the "the democratic verdict of the people of Scotland", a petition saying the outcome of the referendum vote was rigged has garnered more than 70,000 supporters.
It may have been the largest turnout in UK history with a majority vote of ‘No’, but thousands are demanding a revote.
The petition states:
Countless evidences of fraud during the recent Scottish Referendum have come to light, including two counts of votes being moved in bulk into a No pile, Yes votes clearly being seen in no piles and strange occurences [sic] with dual fire alarms and clear cut fraud in Glasgow. We demand a revote be taken of said referendum, where each vote shall be counted by two individuals, one of whom should be an international impartial party without a stake in the vote.
The allegations of votes being miscounted refers to this video that nationalists have said "proves" the referendum was rigged:
— Toneball Squarepants (@Tone_berg) September 19, 2014
But the conspiracy theory has been promptly dismissed by Yes Dundee who said it was nothing to worry about…
“ @SkyNews : Many of you have spotted 'Yes' ballot papers on a 'No' table in Dundee. #indyref pic.twitter.com/XXbIiofKcJ ” awfa rigged
— Fraser Hay (@foools_gold) September 19, 2014
Scottish nationalists were told to "get a grip" after angry pro-indy supporters vented their frustrations, and called for a recount, on social media yesterday after the result was announced.
The people who are trying to claim the vote was rigged need to stop clutching at straws and embarrassing yourselves #indyref
— Niall C (@Nialler67) September 19, 2014
Dear Nats: please. Have the good grace not to pretend the vote was rigged. Scotland is not Tower Hamlets. #indyref
— Rob Marchant (@rob_marchant) September 19, 2014
This is Scotland not Sudan. Of course it wasn't fixed.

Indian spectacle in French skiesJataayu being prepared for a flight. (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
Kites on the Dieppe beach during the festival. (Photo: Dieppe Kite Capital)
India's 'Pushpak Vimaan' in the air  (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
Bamboo and parachute fabric in applique work of Indian kites (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
Abdul Shakur from Mumbai with his hand-made combat kites participates in the biggest kite festival in France, Le Festival International de Cerf-Volant de Dieppe. (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
Sarvesh Rao, on extreme right, and Team Mangalore members preparing 'Vibhishana' for flight. (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
Ashghar Belim of Jodhpur holds up a kite with his wife's embroidery work. (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
'Durga' designed by Dinesh Holla is flown by Team Mangalore. (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
'Jataayu' soars high in the sky. All the big kites have been designed by Dinesh Holla for Team Mangalore. (Photo: Noopur Tiwari)
Hundreds of kites waiting to fly over the Dieppe beach in Normandy. (Photo source: Dieppe Kite Capital)
Advertisement

Missed Paying Credit Card Bill Your OptionsYou are here: Home Your Money
Missed Paying Credit Card Bill? Your Options
Creditvidya.com | Updated On: September 22, 2014 13:29 (IST)
Kisan Vikas Patra Vs Bank FD: What You Should Know
Today, access to credit is easy if you have the repaying capacity and conform to the required eligibility criteria. With this, the possibility of an individual having more than one credit card is also high. But when it comes to paying their credit card bills on time, many users don't take it seriously. This can amount to inviting unforeseen hassles.
Here is how you can deal with a situation in which you have missed out on a payment on your credit card bill:
You face two situations when you miss out on a payment on your credit card bill. First, you attract a lumpsum fee due to failure to pay even the minimum payment which is due. Each bank will have its own rules that govern your credit card account. Some banks allow you to keep using your credit card till you hit your credit limit, while some do not allow transactions beyond a point.
It is the latter that can be worrisome one. A critical factor here is the impact it can have on your credit score, also known as Cibil score. No wonder informed credit card holders dread the fact of missing a bill payment.
There are two chief reasons why one does not pay credit card bill on time. First, you might not have enough funds. Second, you may have simply forgotten due to some personal or technical reasons. Whichever be the case, you need to call up your bank and check the status of your credit card account. Ask the bank if it allows you to use the credit card further? If it does not, then you should be prepared for making future payments in cash or to use some other credit or debit card. If paucity of funds is a reason behind not paying on time, tell this upfront to your bank. Banks in such circumstances may come forth with a personal loan or a repayment mechanism, wherein you repay through equated monthly instalments.
This ensures that the interest burden on your shoulder goes down dramatically. If the credit card outstanding attracts interest at 36 per cent to 42 per cent per year, the personal loan arrangement brings down the interest charge at 18 per cent to 20 per cent per year. This works best when one has gone overboard shopping in a particular month, or has incurred sudden expenditures.
If you have been a disciplined user of your credit card and you have forgotten to pay on time, then you may request your bank to reverse the lumpsum fee that is being charged to you for failing to pay minimum amount due. There are many instances banks do reverse these charges for such one-off slippage by their timely payers. Pay off the credit card bill using net banking immediately, and remove the overdue tag on your credit card quickly.
A single failure to pay your loan or credit card outstanding does not drastically pull down your credit score. But repeated instances of failure to pay on time may cause your credit score get into a free fall. Poor Cibil credit score, anything below 700 out of 900, means you are denied credit by large banks. This may go against you when you are planning to go for a home loan or a business loan.
To avoid repeated failures to pay on time, just because you tend to forget the due dates, opt for standing instructions. Instruct your bank to pay off the credit card outstanding on the due date, by debiting your bank account, which has sufficient balance. This arrangement ensures that even if you forget to repay your credit card bill, your bank ensures payment on due date.
Disclaimer: All information in this article has been provided by Creditvidya.com and NDTV Profit is not responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the same.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 13:27 (IST)

PSU Banks Need $37 Bn in Capital to Meet Basel III Norms: Moody sManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: Public sector banks in India will need to raise up to $37 billion over the next 4-5 years to meet Basel III compliance norms, credit rating agency Moody's said on Monday.
The estimate is based on assumptions that there would be a moderate recovery in the economy and a gradual decline in the non-performing loans from the current levels.
"Our rated public-sector banks in the country will need to raise Rs 1.5-2.2 trillion, ($26-37 billion) between FY15 and the full implementation of Basel III in FY19," Moody's said in a report titled 'Indian banks could need $26-37 billion in external capital for Basel III compliance'.
A significant part of the required capital - Rs 80000-90000 crore ($13-15 billion) - could be in the form of additional Tier I (AT1) capital.
The agency rates 11 public sector banks in the country, representing 62 per cent of net loans in the banking system. Basel III raises the minimum required levels for both total Tier I capital to 7 per cent and common equity Tier I (CETI) capital to 5.5 per cent. They will also need to meet a capital conservation buffer in order to pay dividends.
"Public sector banks barely meet current minimum capital requirements, and we anticipate that they will find it difficult to raise capital quickly in the current environment," Moody's vice president Gene Fang said.
According to Moody's, low capital levels remain a key credit weakness for the public-sector banks.
Mr Fang said weak asset quality has depressed profitability and internal capital generation, leaving PSU banks reliant on periodic capital injections from the government.
"With Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration looking to reduce the budget deficit, the amount available for such injections is not likely to grow."
Moody's said banks may tap the equity markets to raise capital, but with still-low bank valuations, they could struggle to raise the required amount.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 16:35 (IST)

BofA-ML Cuts FY15 Current Account Deficit Forecast to 1.7%Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Mumbai: India's current account deficit is likely to narrow down to 1.7 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) this fiscal year (2014-15) but may widen to 2.3 per cent in FY16, according to a report by global financial services major.
"We have cut down our FY15 current account deficit forecast to 1.7 per cent of GDP from 2.6 per cent earlier as it does not look like New Delhi will remove gold import restrictions in the near future," according to the report by Bank of America-Merrill Lynch (BofA-ML).
In the quarter ended June, current account deficit, which indicates imports of goods services and transfer are higher than their exports, stood at $7.8 billion, or 1.7 per cent of GDP.
The report expects the deficit to widen to a fundable 2.3 per cent of GDP in FY16 once gold imports are eased.
The US brokerage said its estimates assume that oil price will settle at $108 a barrel in FY16, although it is currently trading much lower at $98 a barrel and gold rates will stabilise at $1,375 per ounce in the next fiscal year.
In terms of capital inflows, BofA-ML has forecast a rise in FDI flows to $25 billion from $20 billion and portfolio investments to $35 billion from $25 billion.
The report said the Reserve Bank of India needs to build foreign exchange reserves of $373 billion by March 2016 to maintain the present eight-month import cover.
"Including the forwards, the forex reserves currently stand at about $350 billion, assuming the $26 billion raised via the FCNR-B swaps last year are rolled over. This implies the RBI has to buy $23 billion more by March 2016."
The brokerage expects the apex bank to continue to buy forex over 58 levels to guard against contagion as done by previous governors Bimal Jalan and Y V Reddy. Building forex reserves would allow the RBI to cut rates.
The report further said the rupee is likely to end 2014 at 61 per dollar as against the earlier expectation of 60, despite a strong greenback. BofA-ML revised its end-2015 rupee-dollar forecast to 60 from 64 earlier.
"The RBI will likely maintain its 58-62 'range of tolerance' for the rupee until it is able to build up sufficient forex reserves - close to 10 months' import cover - which looks unlikely over our forecast horizon," the report concluded.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 22:05 (IST)

The iPhone 6 Is a Magical Profit Machine for AppleIt makes a "ca-ching" sound for Apple.
Photo by Cole Bennetts/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Business Insider.
A realization is gradually setting in for Apple investors, customers, and devotees: Apple has basically, quietly, raised the price of the new iPhone. How? By shipping the basic model iPhone 6 and 6 Plus with such limited memory that buying one would be like buying a Porsche with a VW Beetle engine.
Advertisement
As Apple guru John Gruber pointed out last week, Apple is selling the basic $199 iPhone 6 and $299 iPhone 6 Plus with only 16 gigabytes of memory. That amount of base memory first shipped with the iPhone 3GS, a now discontinued phone from the smartphone Triassic age.
In the four years since Apple launched the 3GS, smartphones have become much bigger storage hogs. With the latest Apple mobile operating system (iOS 8), many-megapixel video and still cameras, HD movies, and TV shows, and ever-more-complex apps, 16 gigs is now an annoyingly small amount of storage. Unless you aggressively and fanatically manage what's on your iPhone—moving photos and movies to the cloud (where you have to pay for additional storage), deleting little-used apps, etc.—you're constantly going to run out of room. And that will create endless headaches and frustrations, which is not what you want and expect from a new iPhone.
The answer for most people will be to spring for more storage. And here, too, Apple has cleverly created an even bigger incentive to pony up. The new iPhones come with bigger supplemental tiers of storage than the earlier iPhones. Specifically, iPhone 6s comes with 16 GB, 64 GB, and 128 GB of storage, instead of the 16 GB, 32 GB, and 64 GB of prior models. 
So, the decision-making logic for most iPhone buyers will probably go like this:
I can get my new iPhone for $199 or $299 (depending on screen size), enjoy the bigger screen for five minutes, and then spend the next two years tearing my hair out about the tiny storage, OR
I can shell out an extra $100 to buy four times as much storage.
When you amortize that $100 investment over the life of the phone, it's a small expense relative to the improved satisfaction. So many, many customers will most likely opt for option two.
Here's where more of the hidden genius comes in. According to Wall Street analyst Gene Munster and BI Tech Editors Jay Yarow and Dave Smith, the cost to Apple of 64 GB of memory vs. 16 GB of memory is small. Specifically, it's about $20. That means that, for every customer persuaded to spend an extra $100 to buy the 64GB iPhone 6 (or 6 Plus), Apple will make an extra $80 in profit. That's a lot of extra profit.
And because 16 GB is so little storage for customers who take a lot of pictures or movies, use a lot of apps, and/or watch a lot of movies or TV shows, they basically have no choice but to buy the 64 GB version. And that means that Apple has basically, quietly, jacked up the price and profit margin of its new iPhones. This in a market in which smartphone prices are dropping fast and most manufacturers are fighting to survive.
Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster did a survey of iPhone buyers over the weekend and found that only one in five customers were buying the 16 GB version of the iPhone 6, about half as many as bought the entry-level phone in the previous cycle. That bodes very well for the average selling price of this device. And it bodes even better for the amount of cash that Apple is going to drop to the bottom line over the next year as most of their customers upgrade to the iPhone 6.
And in case you're not impressed by that quiet pricing/profit magic, consider this: Apple is already collecting another extra $100 from every customer who wants the bigger-screened iPhone 6 Plus. Those start at $299, not $199. And it's unlikely that the bigger-screened iPhone 6 Plus costs anything close to another $100 to make. So Apple is most likely picking up another chunk of incremental profit there, too.
Now, selling the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus with such limited storage is not the most customer-friendly move that Apple could have made. Apple could have put 32 GBs of storage into the basic phone, vastly improved the phone, and saved many of its customers $100. Apple's decision to put only 16 GBs of memory in the 6s, in fact, so disappointed Apple guru John Gruber that he called this decision "the most disappointing aspect" of the new iPhone.
But Apple has always been as focused on its own bottom line as it is on making its customers happy. And Apple, probably correctly, is betting that almost all of its customers and potential customers will get over their annoyance, pony up, and help fatten Apple's bottom line.
All this bodes very well for Apple for the next few quarters.
Disclosure: I am overweight Apple stock, and I am looking forward to getting my new iPhone (though I'm not looking forward to paying an extra $100 for it). I think this will be the last huge iPhone upgrade cycle, however, and Apple is highly dependent on the iPhone for its profit, so at some point soon I will probably trim my "overweight" position and go back to "equal weight." This is to say, I will soon own Apple the way I own most stocks—via index funds.

Why Most CEOs Fail: How To Grow In Tandem With Your Companyreddit
We can all learn from Andy Dunn, the cofounder and CEO of Bonobos, when he shares that the biggest challenge in growing the company over the last seven years has been, "Me. Managing me is the biggest problem."
It takes a confident and self-aware CEO to acknowledge his flaws, and I recently had the pleasure of interviewing Andy in depth to discuss how a founder and CEO can and must manage your own psychology in order to grow in tandem with your business .
Bonobos is an online menswear company with a focus on great customer service that has evolved to include brick-and-mortar stores. To date, Dunn has raised more than $127 million in venture capital funding, completed a deal with Nordstrom to sell in all 118 doors, and opened 10 Guide Shops around the country. Bonobos has doubled its sales each of the last five years. *Full disclosure: I am an angel investor in Bonobos, and Andy Dunn is a good friend of mine, so I am both financially and emotionally biased.
According to Andy, his ability to grow as an individual and a leader while growing the company is a key component to his success.
He expanded, "The normal human response is to not think too much about the things that you suck at because it's painful and can potentially degrade your self-esteem, but ignoring those things will make it impossible to lead. That's the reason most founders don't last as the CEO of their own company."
Andy shared the seven emotional states he believes are the most important for every entrepreneur to manage:
1. Vulnerability.
"Most leaders think that, as a leader, you can't show vulnerability, but the reality is this is only part true. You can show it in so far as it inspires people to follow you and makes you more human but [if] you overdue it, you are at odds with good judgment." Andy's advice is to "share small pieces of vulnerability with the group." For example, he recently received a tough review that said he was only meeting expectations. He said that sharing it with his team was a very connecting moment. Many employees approached him afterwards and expressed their positive feelings about the CEO also being subject to review and that he shared his results. Andy made it easier to connect with him as a leader in this vulnerable moment; he also led by example, showing employees how to handle feedback with grace.
2. Self-pity.
According to Andy, "Self-pity is the most unhelpful leadership emotion. There is nowhere to put it, because no one cares. It makes you sound like you care more about yourself when one of the core functions of a leader is to care more about others." Unlike vulnerability, Andy says it's not helpful to share self-pity when you're the leader "Going and complaining about your life as a leader is a very bad thing to do." Instead, he recommends you get yourself out of it privately.
So what do you do when that emotion is there? Andy's solution is creativity; "The best thing is to work your way out of it. My role model is David Remnick, the chief of the New Yorker. When he's in a bad mood he goes into his office, closes his door and cranks out superb individual contribution pieces. He takes that energy and just puts himself in an immersive experience of creating something."
"If you make an individual contribution of some kind, you will change the way you feel about yourself. You will go from feeling bad about yourself to creating something, and then you don't feel self-pity, all of a sudden you might feel grateful for your job."
3. Anger.
Like self-pity, Andy believes anger is dangerous because it doesn't inspire people. "In my experience, usually what's happening is I've got the wrong person in a role." Andy believes the best rule to follow is "If you're angry, it's your fault...If you employed someone who doesn't share your core values and isn't a fit for your culture, you need to take responsibility for your hire." Instead of spreading blame, Andy empowers himself to handle the situation and says "it's not helpful to share the anger, get calm first, and then have the discussion."
4. Fear.
"No one is more afraid than the founder of a company. Fear of failure declines as you move down in an organization. Your leadership team will be pretty afraid too, because of the economic stakes and their livelihood." Andy said one of the biggest mistakes he made early on was to assume everyone else was as afraid as he was. He counts one of his biggest gaffes as a leader when he made a presentation that everyone needed to be more afraid. It backfired, and his then VP Engineering resigned in a vote of no-confidence on Andy's ability to lead.
In the end, people prefer to be motivated by joy and attaining goals, not by fear. See next point.
5. Joy.
As a leader, you want to find authentic ways to motivate through joy. Andy recommends hiring people who naturally hold themselves to a very high standard, and then praise them with very specific feedback when they do well. "Build a culture of recognition: from little hand written notes to one-line emails to larger team-wide awards, there are no diminishing returns to specific positive feedback . People think they can't be nice all the time and build a good company. That is simply not true. As your organization scales, your praise and recognition will only mean more. The more you can put time into a daily practice of telling people what they are doing well, you'll create a culture of positivity and that's the best way to motivate people in the long term." Plus, Andy said a wonderful side benefit of motivating people with praise is that he went from not feeling like himself on the job to feeling that he's an authentically positive person. "And if I can feel positive, I will be happier as a leader."
6. Doubt.
Dunn's perspective is "You have to be careful with doubt. You need to engage it enough to be able to be intellectually honest about the things you need to change, but not so much that it hampers your ability to move forward. Some decisions are genuinely 50/50 calls. These are the hardest. It's easy when you can resolve your question with an experiment, so you can test your way into the right answer. The real challenge comes when you can't really test it: Asking a Co-Founder to leave. Making a huge change in strategy. Deciding not to sell the company. For those moments it's best to realize that your job is supposed to be hard because everyone is betting on your judgment, and at some point you have to stop agonizing and make the call. The good news is that if your call is right, no one will remember the dilemma. And if your call is wrong, you can look at it as a learning opportunity. It's only for the risks not taken that people feel regret."
7. Tenacity. (This is an attitude, not an emotion, but why stop a list of 7 things short?)
Andy believes a tenacious determination is the number one predictor of success. "Ask the great CEOs what they have in common and they all say one thing, they didn't quit . There isn't some secret recipe to being a great leader, it's all about survival. Don't give up. No matter what is happening in the world around you, never give up. Have hope for yourself that you'll figure it out. Fundamentally, if you keep doing it, you'll get there."
Vanessa Loder is an entrepreneur, empowerment coach and writer whose company, Akoya Power , supports women in creating fulfilling lives aligned with their passions and values.
Join our Free 30 Day Meditation Challenge , to receive a short 5 minute guided meditation every day for 30 days.
Vanessa received her MBA from Stanford University and is the Co-Founder of Mindfulness Based Achievement, the New MBA , which teaches high potential women leaders how to lean in without burning out.  You can read more at Vanessa's blog, Akoya Power or find her on twitter @akoyapower.
Follow Vanessa Loder on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AkoyaPower
More:
What Is Working: Small Businesses
FOLLOW HUFFPOST

Open  Jan Dhan  Bank Account by Just Submitting 2 Photos: Finance MinistryManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry on Monday said people who do not have officially valid documents or Aadhaar numbers can open bank accounts under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) by submitting two copies of signed photographs at the bank branch.
"RBI has issued guidelines dated August 26, 2014, where people who do not have officially valid documents or Aadhaar numbers can still get bank accounts opened by submitting two copies of signed photographs at the bank branch," an official statement said.
However, it said these accounts will be called 'small accounts', shall normally be valid for 12 months and shall be continued subject to showing of proof that the holder has applied for any of the officially valid document within 12 months of opening of such an account.
These accounts have certain limitations such as balance at any point of time should not exceed Rs 50,000, total credit in one year should not exceed Rs 1 lakh, and total withdrawal should not exceed Rs 10,000 in a month, the statement further said.
It also said the existing account holder need not open another bank account to avail of benefits under the Jan Dhan financial inclusion scheme. As of today, 4.18 crore accounts have been opened under the scheme.
"In fact insurance benefits are available through the RuPay Card. The existing account holders can submit an application to the concerned branch to enable them to get a RuPay Debit Card in order to avail of the benefits of insurance under PMJDY," it said.
Micro credit limit of Rs 5,000 can also be extended in existing bank accounts on application depending on the satisfactory conduct of the account, the statement said.
The statement said that there had been complaints from some places about the availability of the account opening forms due to huge rush and certain people taking advantage of such a situation.
In view of this, an advertisement has been issued in all major newspapers where the account opening form has been published, the statement noted.
It said anybody desirous of opening an account can come and take this application form to the nearest bank branch/bank mitr for opening the account.
This one-page account opening form is also available on the department's website - www.financialservices.gov.in , it added.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 23:04 (IST)

PNB Seeks to Bring Down Government Stake to 51%You are here: Home Interviews
PNB Seeks to Bring Down Government Stake to 51%
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 09:37 (IST)
Ambit Bullish on Nifty; Bets Big on Ramkrishna Forgings, Alstom T&D
The recent surge in equity markets has opened up opportunities for state-run banks to raise capital to boost their balance sheet, which has taken a hit due to a surge in bad loans.
Recently the Punjab National Bank (PNB) board passed a resolution to raise funds either through qualified institutional placement (QIP) or follow-on public offering (FPO) or rights issue.
The government of India currently holds 58.87 per cent stake in PNB. Speaking to NDTV, KR Kamath, chairman and managing director at Punjab National Bank, said, "We are approaching the government to reduce the shareholding to 51 per cent or 52 per cent, whichever the government deems correct." ( Watch interview )
Mr Kamath said its current capital adequacy ratio of 12.11 per cent is sufficient to meet the capital requirement in the current year but for the future growth plans, the bank will have to raise funds.
The government has earmarked Rs 11,400 crore for capitalisation of public sector banks in the current fiscal year. If PNB gets a sizable amount out of this allocation, then the bank will go for rights issue, said Mr Kamath. Otherwise, the bank may approach the market with a follow-on public offering or qualified institutional placement, he added.
PNB plans to hit the capital market for fund raising in the fourth quarter of the current fiscal. The bank is also looking to allot a small portion of its equity to employees under Employees Stock Purchase Scheme (ESPS).
The PNB board has also approved a stock split in the ratio of 5:1 to increase retail participation in its shares. This means each share having face value of Rs 10 will be divided in to 5 shares of Rs 2 each. "Our stocks are trading around Rs 1,000. For a retail investor at Rs 1,000 it may be difficult to get into the shares. So in terms of increasing the retail investor interest we have decided to reduce the share value to Rs 2," Mr Kamath said.
The PNB chief is optimistic of a pick-up in credit growth, which has remained sluggish. "The government has taken a lot of initiatives, and there will always be a lag time between these initiatives and the impact of these initiatives to be felt," he said.
"I feel that down the line in the fourth quarter of the current fiscal there should be pick up starting in the credit," added Mr Kamath.
Shares in Punjab National Bank closed 1.29 per cent higher at Rs 989.45 on Monday outperforming the Nifty which closed 0.31 per cent higher.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 17:23 (IST)

Ebola cases to triple to 20 000 by November unless efforts raisedphoto nurses are trained to use Ebola protective gear by World Health Organization, WHO. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Geneva | Posted: September 23, 2014 12:24 pm
The number of Ebola infections will triple to 20,000 by November, soaring by the thousands every week if efforts are not significantly stepped up to stop the outbreak, the WHO warned on Tuesday.
“Without drastic improvements in control measures, the numbers of cases of and deaths from Ebola are expected to continue increasing from hundreds to thousands per week in the coming months,” the World Health Organization said in a study.
The current outbreak in West Africa has already claimed more than 2,800 lives and infected more than 5,800 people.
But the WHO study forecasts that if no significant action is taken, “the cumulative number of confirmed and probable cases by November 2 … will be 5,925 in Guinea, 9,939 in Liberia and 5,063 in Sierra Leone”.
The total for those three countries alone will therefore surpass 20,000 cases, said the study published in the New England Journal of Medicine on Tuesday.
That would also translate to a jump in the number of deaths as the experts suggest that the fatality in the current outbreak is much higher than the widely estimated one in two.
If only cases of deaths and recovery were taken into account, the fatality rate stands at about 71 per cent, the study showed.
“We are seeing exponential growth and we need to act now,” said Christopher Dye, co-author of the study jointly carried out with the Imperial College in London.
“If we don’t stop the epidemic very soon, this is going to turn from a disaster into a catastrophe,” he told reporters in Geneva, warning that the epidemic might simply “rumble on as it has for the last few months for the next few years.”
“The fear is that Ebola will become more or less a permanent feature of the human population,” warned Dye, who is the UN health agency’s head of strategy.
Ebola fever can fell its victims within days, causing severe muscle pain, vomiting, diarrhoea and – in many cases – unstoppable internal and external bleeding.
It is one of the deadliest viruses known to man, and the current outbreak, which quietly began in southern Guinea last December, has by far killed more than all other Ebola outbreaks combined.
Prior to the current epidemic, the deadliest outbreak was the very first one on record, in Democratic Republic of Congo in 1976, when 280 people died.
If we don't stop the epidemic very soon, this is going to turn from a disaster into a catastrophe.

Zomato announces fourth acquisition in three months  buys Poland s Gastronauci.plE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BHP Billiton to Cut 700 Jobs in AustraliaYou are here: Home Corporates
Miner BHP Billiton to Cut 700 Jobs in Australia
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 23, 2014 11:43 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Sydney: Anglo-Australian mining giant BHP Billiton said Tuesday it would lay off 700 workers at coal operations in central Queensland as it seeks cost efficiencies, with weakening demand from China sending prices tumbling.
The move comes as BHP executives have emphasised the need to reduce costs and maximise productivity in order to ensure long-term viability.
The BHP Billiton-Mitsubishi Alliance, which has seven mines in the resource-rich Bowen Basin, said the job losses were needed to "deliver further cost reductions and productivity improvements and remain viable for the long-term".
"BMA will reduce its workforce by approximately 700 roles and consultation will occur with employees, contractors and their representatives in coming weeks," it said in a statement.
The joint venture is the world's biggest exporter of steelmaking coal.
The decision comes after a review of the mines found that the number of jobs was greater than required, BMA added.
"With our ongoing focus on improving the productivity and global competitiveness of our business, we continue to assess the most effective way of safely operating our assets both now and into the future," BMA asset president Lucas Dow said.
BHP Billiton owns 50 per cent of BMA, which it said is the largest employer in the Bowen Basin with more than 10,000 employees and contractors at its operations, most of which are open-cut mines.
The announcement follows the loss of more than 160 jobs at a coal mine in New South Wales state in July and 500 jobs in BHP's iron ore division earlier this year.
The miners' union in Australia attacked the job losses as "ruthless and unnecessary", accusing BHP of contributing to the global oversupply of coal, which had caused prices to collapse.
"BHP is spearheading the drive by the multinational coal producers to increase production at lower prices -- they are driving the oversupply we are seeing on global markets," said Andrew Vickers from the Construction, Forestry, Mining and Energy Union.
The union said it understood some 562 of the positions being axed were production jobs, adding that the cuts would devastate central Queensland.
"BHP has profited enormously from central Queensland resources over many years, but today they are showing their true colours as a ruthless multinational corporation," Vickers said.
The announcement comes at a time of growing momentum towards low-carbon power production to fight climate change.
On Monday the Rockefellers, the first family of oil, announced they will reduce exposure to fossil fuels as much as possible and end all investments in coal and tar sands by the end of the year.
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 11:39 (IST)

First Arrest In VVIP Chopper Scam: ED Arrests Businessman Gautam KhaitanFirst Arrest In VVIP Chopper Scam: ED Arrests Businessman Gautam Khaitan
Hoax Convincing People To Microwave Their iPhonesiOS 8 'WAVE' Is Convincing People To Microwave Their iPhones
The Huffington Post UK  | By Thomas Tamblyn
reddit
A new hoax has surfaced which is convincing people that they can now wirelessly charge their iPhones in the microwave using a new feature in iOS 8 called 'WAVE'.
The hoax was -- according to Reddit -- started by 4Chan as the latest in a string of iOS-based hoaxes that include a software update that would make your iPhone waterproof last year.
Called 'WAVE' the fake feature would 'interface with your device's radio-baseband, allowing it to synchronize with microwave frequencies and use them to recharge your batter.'
This is of course, nonsense. Worryingly though that hasn't stopped several users on Twitter from trying it out for themselves resulting in several charred iPhones - at least, if you believe the following tweets.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Alex Salmond Has  Lost The Plot   Says Alistair DarlingAlex Salmond Has 'Lost The Plot,' Says Alistair Darling
Posted:
reddit
MANCHESTER - Alex Salmond's suggestion that Scottish nationalists could try again to break-up the United Kingdom despite last week's referendum result shows he has "lost the plot", Alistair Darling has said.
Addressing the Labour Party conference in Manchester on Monday afternoon, the former leader of the Better Together said Salmond had to accept that the No campaign had won. "You lost the argument, you lost the referendum, you lost office and now you've lost the plot," he said.
Yesterday Salmond, who announced on Friday he would resign as Scottish first minister and SNP leader, said a referendum was " only one of a number of routes " that Scotland could take to independence. His comments suggest some in the Yes camp see the 55% to 45% defeat as a bump in the road rather than a decisive decision against independence.
Jim Murphy, Labour's shadow international development secretary who took a leading role in the No campaign, told The Huffington Post yesterday that it would take a "while" for the divisions within Scottish society to heal.
Johann Lamont, the leader of Scottish Labour, told the same event that that she found Alex Salmond's response to the No vote "troubling" given democratic decision of Scots to reject independence. She said "over two million people voted in Scotland, more than voted in 2011 full stop, to say Scotland should stay in the United Kingdom".
Also on HuffPost:

Outrage As Britain First  Desecrate  Image Of Fearless Afghan HeroineBritain First 'Desecrate' Image Of Fearless Afghan Heroine In 'Ban The Burka' Campaign
The Huffington Post UK  | By Charlotte Meredith
reddit
The far-right, pseudo-militia group Britain First have "desecrated" the memory of Afghanistan’s fearless first female police officer by passing her off as a terrorist on their Facebook page.
The original photographer of the iconic picture, Canadian Lana Slezic, has revealed her outrage at the use of her photograph of the famously brave officer Malalai Kakar, who was assassinated by the Taliban in 2008.
The original image, taken in 2005, is now being used by the far-right group to promote banning the burka and was edited with an "inflammatory" caption that reads: “Terror attack level: severe – an attack is highly likely. For security reasons it’s now time to ban the burqa."
Britain First's Facebook page has almost half a million likes, with up to two million people a day engaging with their "patriotic" pictures of soldiers, Union Jacks and... puppies. Many do not realise they are interacting with the extreme right.
However, behind the social media facade lies a small but dangerous group of religious fundamentalists intent on starting a "Holy war" on the streets of Britain, according to a recent report.
The Britain First Post
Now the group has been accused of desecrating the image of Kakar, who bravely fought against extremism and for women’s rights before she was shot dead outside her home in front of her son, on the way to work at a Kandahar police station.
She set up a policewomen's department in the hometown of the Taliban where started out working alone, using her burka to her advantage so she could pass unrecognised - not, as Britain First are suggesting, to engage in terrorism.
The photographer said she was outraged that her image of Kakar was manipulated by Britain First for their own agenda, and was even more horrified that their post was then shared by a prominent Australian senator.
"This is not what a wanted for this photograph," she said.
Britain First's leader, Paul Golding, told The Guardian that his group found the image on the internet and shared it, without bothering to check its origins.
When informed about the truth behind the powerful image he told the paper that it was "very upsetting", but that he would nevertheless not be taking it down.
Malalai Kakar, who was assassinated by the Taliban in 2008
Meanwhile, Australia's Palmer United party senator Jacqui Lambie has since hit back at Slezic who slammed her for sharing the post, saying the photographer's comments were “a gross overreaction.”
In an interview on ABC Sunday morning she said the banning of the burqa was a national security issue and called for people who believe in sharia to “get out” of Australia.
But Lambie failed to actually explain what sharia was, saying: “It obviously involves terrorism. It involves a power that is not a healthy power.”
Asked in what way it involved terrorism, Lambie replied: “Well, I just think sharia law, you get it mixed up in, well, if you are not going to show, if you are going to be a supporter of sharia law and you are not going to support our constitution and allegiance to our constitution and Australian law, then, you know.”
In a Facebook post, Lambie claimed Kakar “would have been the first to agree with my call to ban the burka”.
“She would have known how much safer it would be in public if the burka was banned.”
But, her comments are far from the truth. Kakar said in a documentary (available to watch below) before her death: "I am not forced to wear the chaudari [burqa], my husband or the police force does not require it. I want to wear it because it gives me advantages. I wear it to protect my family and myself."
Kakar (2nd-L) set up a policewomen's department in Kandahar, the home of the Taliban
Slezic said the use of the image by Britain First and Lambie was unacceptable. “Everything she stood for, everything she fought for, for herself, her family, her daughters and future of her country, everything has been desecrated by how Jacqui Lambie and Britain First have used this photograph," she told the Australian Associated Press.
Slezic described the image as "inflammatory," to The Independent , and said the thousands of likes and shares it had gained on Britain First’s Facebook page were “disturbing”.
“It shows the message they are trying to send has spread quickly,” she said.
More:

CCTV Footage Captures Brutal Road Rage Attack On Female MotoristCCTV Footage Captures Brutal Road Rage Attack On Female Motorist
Huffington Post UK/PA
reddit
Police have released CCTV footage of the moment a woman grabbed a female motorist and wrestled her to the ground in broad daylight in an unprovoked road rage attack.
She launched the assault, outside a grocers in Birmingham's Handsworth Wood on July 30 at 1pm, after being asked to move the car she was in because it was blocking the road.
West Midlands Police said the victim, a 44-year-old woman, was attacked twice during the incident. She suffered a lump to her head and bruising.
She was driving her Ford C-Max when she was blocked in by a grey VW Touran. The male driver had gone to the nearby shops but there was a woman in the passenger seat.
The female driver asked the passenger how long they were going to be, only to be blasted with abuse by the passenger. The Ford driver decided to take another route and parked nearby to go to the shops but this is when things unexpectedly turned violent.
The CCTV footage shows that as she walked towards the shops, the passenger of the Touran got out, grabbed her by the hair, threw her over a table outside the grocery store, before pulling her to her feet by the hair again and throwing her on the floor.
West Midlands Police said the passenger then went to a nearby shop but returned to see the woman noting down the vehicle registration number. She then assaulted her again, before returning back into her car with the male driver and driving away.
Pc Geraldine Sprigg from Birmingham West and Central said: "This was an unprovoked and violent attack on a woman who had asked the driver to move her car which was blocking the road.
"The assault took place in the middle of the day and we are asking for anyone who saw the incident or who recognises the woman driver to contact us. The woman assaulted suffered pain and discomfort following the attack and may have lost consciousness for a short time."
Anyone with information should call police at Birmingham West and Central on 101 or call Crimestoppers confidentially on 0800 555 111.

Well  It s Not Quite the End...reddit
I'm Richard the husband of Charley Kitley, who recently published a blog post called 'And So There Must Come An End' on the Huffington Post. Three long days since Charley lost her heroic battle against bowel cancer aged just 36, I find myself in an extraordinary situation I never thought would happen to me.
Just two weeks ago, when it became painfully clear the end was near, Charley wrote her final blog post and asked me to publish it after her death, so she could provide some words of hope and inspiration to her loved ones. And perhaps a few others battling a terminal disease or simply needing some encouragement in their lives. This little article is the reason why I now find myself writing a blog in reply.
Thanks to our friends at The Huffington Post, Charley's blog post has now gone viral and has been read by more than 2million people as far afield as Australia. To put this into context, the previous 63 articles Charley published received a combined total of 35,000 views which we were delighted with. But now we've had messages from all over the world from complete strangers who have been touched by the simplicity and hope in Charley's post. School children from America told us their English teacher read out Charley's blog in class, leaving 30 children moved enough to get in touch. Parents told me they were hugging children extra tightly before bed. Former class-mates of Charley's wrote messages and shared memories of her school days.
As we watched the hits on Charley's blog post grow, the "likes" increase and the "shares" climb wildly beyond our expectations, despite our grief I felt once again, so extremely proud to call Charley my wife.
So I sit here and rest my fingers on the keyboard and wonder where on earth to start. I come from the corporate world where articulating emotions is excess to business requirements. So how do I find the words to thank each and every one of you for reading Charley's final blog post and taking her to your hearts? Tell you all how much strength your messages have given me as I find myself in that very 'gaping, unjust, cruel and pointless hole' that Charley described in her piece?
I can hear our children Dan and Lucy playing in the garden as they bravely struggle to come to terms with the idea they will never see their mummy again. A cherished wife, loving mother, beloved daughter and dear friend has been torn from our lives. Charley died of bowel cancer and that's only supposed to take much older people. Or so we thought. So I am now a widower at the young age of 38. I never expected this. And it hurts so much.
But my wife has taught me a great deal about courage and "framing rainbows" that I want to be brave and useful and do something to help others - as Charley did.
I would love to transform some of our devastation into something positive to help others who are suffering from bowel cancer.
While bowel cancer is thankfully relatively rare in younger people like Charley, around 2,100 people under 50 are still diagnosed with it each year, often late.  That's why Bowel Cancer UK launched their Never Too Young campaign, to improve the diagnosis, treatment and care of younger bowel cancer patients and to raise awareness amongst younger people and health professionals.
Bowel Cancer UK provided great support to Charley and I, and so with their agreement; I have set up a donation page in Charley's memory: Charlotte's Star Of Hope Fund. UK users can also Text GUTS78 £5 to 70070
Bowel Cancer UK is also raising awareness about the type of advanced, Stage 4 bowel cancer which Charley had.  The Time for Guts campaign is a call for action by the charity to improve survival rates and support for people with advanced bowel cancer, in an urgent bid to save more lives from bowel cancer, the UK's second biggest cancer killer.
Watching people read and learn about Charley reminded me of her qualities, not just as a wife. Throughout the whole battle against the devastating disease of cancer, she was always strong and determined. My best friend and my confidant. It seems bizarre to say it, but I could not have done this journey with anyone other than Charley. I miss her so much. So I hope creating Charley's Star of Hope Fund not only helps us make some sense of our loss, but gives much needed support, awareness and funding for others.
It's too late for Charley and our little family. But others don't need to die. Other families can remain together. Other children don't need to lose their mummies as Daniel and Lucy have done. Early diagnosis saves lives
Please do what you can to support such a worthy cause that will ensure no other family has to endure what we have gone through. And if you get a moment this evening, open the curtains, look up to the sky and send a smile to one of the brightest stars in the heavens.
Thank-you,
Richard, Daniel (6) and Lucy (4).
Follow Richard Kitley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/charlottekitley
More:

These Companies  That Scared Scotland  Better Watch Out  ApparentlyScottish Independence Campaign Group 'The 45%' Announce Extensive Boycotting List
Posted:
reddit
Scotland’s Referendum tipped in favour of No, but with "only 55%" - that's a majority - in favour of staying in the Union, Scotland's 45% have made it clear they are not happy with the result.
The newly formed campaign group, 'The 45', have released a list of brands, businesses and media organisations that they will be boycotting because they "scared Scotland" in the run up to the referendum.
On Facebook, the campaign group wrote that it is time to "send shivers" down the spines of the businesses that apparently scared more than two million people into voting No.
Following Scotland's rejection of independence, the 1.6 million people that voted Yes will apparently not be buying the products or using the services of the businesses listed below to send a clear message that they "were not fooled by their dirty tricks."
"Never again can we have companies we use everyday and contribute millions of pounds to tell us we're too small too poor and too stupid," the campaign has stated.
"This is our chance to get back at them for what they took from us."
After months of accusations having being thrown at the BBC for biased reporting,  many of the 45ers have also revealed they will no longer be paying their BBC licences saying "enough is enough."
So along with not being able to watch The Great British Bake Off or Doctor Who, here are the other things 'The 45' will be avoiding and why. Notably, Harry Potter is not on the list, despite author JK Rowling facing a torrent of abuse for coming out in favour of the union.
Supermarkets
Asda, John Lewis, Waitrose, M&S, Sainsbury's and Iceland are among the supermarkets that have faced the wrath of pro-indy Scots, after saying food prices could have risen in an independent Scotland if politicians failed to step in to cut taxes.
Tunnock's
Karwai Tang via Getty Images
Lingerie boss Michelle Mone was bombarded with abusive threats when she spoke out against independence.
The Daily Express
Grant's Whisky
BP and Shell
These oil giants warned there were "big uncertainties" over the possibility of Scotland becoming independent in the run up to the referendum.
B&Q
The UK's biggest DIY retailer also said Scots could face higher costs if they voted Yes.
Mackie's Ice Cream
Barrhead Travel
Scotland’s largest independent travel agent was met with fury after the boss of the company said an independent Scotland would be a “complete disaster” for the travel industry.
Banks
RBS, Lloyds, Standard Life and Clydesdale Banks are all being boycotted after saying they were planning to quit Scotland and move their headquarters to London if voters backed independence.
ScrewFix
Displaying levels of political engagement that would surely make both the Yes camp and Better Together proud, Scots have continued to hotly debate the result of the referendum in a warning to Westminster that they will not give up on their fight for independence.
Thousands took to Twitter Saturday, with the hashtag #the45 trending as Scots from camp Yes warned the rest of the UK to "expect them."
Conspiracy theories surrounding a cover-up and vote rigging were rife amid the tweets, while others said "the fight will go on."
The campaign goes directly against what former prime minister Gordon Brown urged for Scots yesterday morning - that the time has come to throw away the Yes and No signs and for the country to unite in order to tackle what many perceive as the political inequity of Westminster.
READ MORE
Now The North's Newspapers Have United To Demand Devolved Power
Urging the two opposing camps to come together, Brown said Saturday: "I would make a plea this morning, that the Yes and No posters, let's throw them away. That the Yes and No stickers, let's cast them aside and consign them to the history books."
Brown this morning set out proposals for a united Scotland and pledged that the promises made on further devolution would be delivered.
As political wrangling in Westminster continued over his successor's plans for sweeping constitutional reform across the United Kingdom, Brown said: "There is a time to fight but there is a time to unite and this is the time for Scotland to unite and see if it can find common purpose and move from the battle ground to the common ground and let us seek to find high ground in trying to find a way forward for the future."
But it seems on social media, at least, that the Yes camp aren't prepared to let the issue of independence rest just yet.
My heart may be heavy but my conscience is clear. I tried to free Scotland. I showed no fear. #the45 pic.twitter.com/dp8yGI0R3j
— Me. I Am Sarah... (@MButterflyLambC) September 19, 2014
I feel empowered because it is obvious that #the45 are not giving up, not going away. The elites will be held to account from now on.
— Ross Gibson (@gibsonshine) September 20, 2014
On Thursday I felt empowered, yesterday I felt debilitated. Today I feel empowered again, only this time I am angry. We are the 45%. #the45
— Ross Gibson (@gibsonshine) September 20, 2014
Others, were not so keen, and responded to the 45% and their accusations of the result being fixed with exasperation, telling those concerned that "this is Scotland, not Sudan."
This 45 nonsense is all a bit sad. The people of Scotland have spoken. You may not like what they said, but give it a rest. Please.
— Murdo Fraser (@murdo_fraser) September 20, 2014
Do " #the45 " understand the concept of a majority? Hint..... it's more than 44.7%.
— Pete Farmer (@Peter_J_Farmer) September 20, 2014
Additionally, despite acceptance from Alex Salmond that the outcome of the vote was the "the democratic verdict of the people of Scotland", a petition saying the outcome of the referendum vote was rigged has garnered close to 100,000 supporters.
It may have been the largest turnout in UK history with a majority vote of ‘No’, but thousands are demanding a revote.
The petition states:
Countless evidences of fraud during the recent Scottish Referendum have come to light, including two counts of votes being moved in bulk into a No pile, Yes votes clearly being seen in no piles and strange occurences [sic] with dual fire alarms and clear cut fraud in Glasgow. We demand a revote be taken of said referendum, where each vote shall be counted by two individuals, one of whom should be an international impartial party without a stake in the vote.
The allegations of votes being miscounted refers to this video that nationalists have said "proves" the referendum was rigged:
— Toneball Squarepants (@Tone_berg) September 19, 2014
But the conspiracy theory has been promptly dismissed by Yes Dundee who said it was nothing to worry about…
“ @SkyNews : Many of you have spotted 'Yes' ballot papers on a 'No' table in Dundee. #indyref pic.twitter.com/XXbIiofKcJ ” awfa rigged
— Fraser Hay (@foools_gold) September 19, 2014
Scottish nationalists were told to "get a grip" after angry pro-indy supporters vented their frustrations, and called for a recount, on social media yesterday after the result was announced.
The people who are trying to claim the vote was rigged need to stop clutching at straws and embarrassing yourselves #indyref
— Niall C (@Nialler67) September 19, 2014
Dear Nats: please. Have the good grace not to pretend the vote was rigged. Scotland is not Tower Hamlets. #indyref
— Rob Marchant (@rob_marchant) September 19, 2014
This is Scotland not Sudan. Of course it wasn't fixed.

Alliance  intact   Sena to give 126 seats to BJPBJP, Sena near truce; may fight polls together
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 23, 2014
First Published: 11:36 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:25 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
After bickering for more than a week over sharing seats for the Maharashtra assembly elections, the Shiv Sena and BJP on Tuesday finally decided to keep their 25-year-old alliance going in the western state that goes to the polls on October 15.
The Sena, which remains firm on contesting 151 of the 288 seats with an eye on the chief minister’s post, showed willingness to give away one more seat to the BJP.
If both succeed in arm-twisting the smaller allies, the Sena would end up with at least 150 seats, the BJP with 124-126 seats, leaving 12-14 seats to the others.  
At the time of going to press, leaders from the saffron combine were in talks to finalise the seat-sharing formula, with the smaller allies unhappy over what they would have to give up.
Video: BJP leaders to meet Shiv Sena to save Maharashtra alliance
While the ruling alliance — the Congress and the Nationalist Congress — again hit a roadblock over the number of seats each would fight,  the saffron camp appeared confident as leaders met at the BJP’s office on Tuesday morning.
Sena leaders drove down in senior Maharashtra BJP leader Vinod Tawde’s car, sparking speculation of a deal being sealed. The Sena in an editorial in its mouthpiece Saamana indicated alliance trouble had been sorted out.
The “horses of Sena-BJP were running fast and were unstoppable against the mules of Congress-NCP”, it said.
The Sena softened its stand after several senior BJP leaders spoke to Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, party sources said. “Our alliance will stay. We will talk sharing of seats with our smaller allies and fix the final formula,” said Sena MP Sanjay Raut.
Thackeray had on Sunday made a “final offer” of 119 seats to the BJP and set aside 151 seats for the Sena.
The new formula, if agreed up on, will ensure that the Sena keeps to its “Mission 150” alive, while the BJP increases its seat count by five-seven seats.

Magma eyes 20% growth in BiharMagma eyes 20% growth in Bihar
PTI
Tweet
Patna, Sept 23:  
Leading Non-Banking Finance Company Magma Fincorp Ltd on Tuesday set a target of 20 per cent growth in Bihar in the 2015 fiscal.
The Kolkata-based group will focus on car loans, tractor loans and Suvidha (used vehicle loans) to deliver the numbers, Dhrubashish Bhattacharya, Vice President and National Sales head told reporters.
“Our focus on auto loans which has been our mainstay in the state so far will also continue and we are confident that our renewed focus on the rural and semi rural markets will come useful,” he said.
Magma disbursed Rs 316 crore in Bihar in 2013-14.
It has nine branches in Bihar in Patna (2), Muzaffarpur, Bhagalpur, Sasaram, Motihari, Purnea, Darbhanga and Begusarai and employs over 430 people in the state. The company has a live customer base of about 21,000 customers in Bihar.
Magma posted 33 per cent growth in disbursements to Rs 2,398 crore in first quarter of FY15 ending June 30.
Across the country the company has a network of 275 branches. Nearly 80 per cent of its branches are located in rural/semi rural areas.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Amnesty wants Assam govt to guarantee fair trial to detained journalistPrint
Amnesty International India has asked the Assam government to release him from administrative detention.
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:59 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 6:15 pm
Three weeks after Kokrajhar-based journalist Jaikhlong Brahma was arrested on charges of having links with an armed insurgent group, Amnesty International India has asked the Assam government to release him from administrative detention and guarantee him a fair trial meeting international standards.
While Brahma was arrested on September 2 in connection with Kokrajhar PS Case No 367/2014, under Sections 120(B), 121, 121(A), 122 and 109 of the IPC, read with Sections 10(B), 13(B) and 18 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) (Amendment) Act, 2008, a week later he was detained uner the National Security Act (NSA). These Sections cover various criminal offences including multiple counts of conspiracy, being a member of an “unlawful association” and “inciting unlawful activities”.
Expressing concern over Brahma’s detention under the NSA, Amnesty International India, in an e-mailed statement on Tuesday said the journalist now runs a risk of being detained for 12 months without charge or trial. “The use of administrative detentions under the National Security Act, 1980 or any other legislation must end and all legislation that facilitates the use of administrative detention should be repealed,” said Shailesh Rai, Programs Director at Amnesty International India.
The NSA detention order states that Jaikhlong Brahma “has been indulging in various types of violent activities with secessionist aims”. It also states that he maintained “personal link with the [outlawed] NDFB(S) [National Democratic Front of Bodoland (Songbijit faction)],” provoked and abetted the NDFB(S) to commit killings and arson, and accepted money from the group in exchange for producing and broadcasting video reports about it.
Jaikhlong Brahma is the Kokrajhar bureau head of NewsLive, a Guwahati-based private satellite TV news channel which is owned by the wife of a former influential minister Himanta Biswa Sarma. The TV news channel however has maintained that the allegations were baseless, false and fabricated, and intended at covering up police failure.

M&M to launch new scooter Gusto next weekMahindra & Mahindra set to launch new scooter Gusto next week
By PTI | 23 Sep, 2014, 05.40PM IST
Gusto will be first launched in the northern and western markets of India and Nepal on Sept 29, followed by South Asia, Central America and Africa over few months.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra is looking to take on scooter market leader Honda's flagship model Activa with its upcoming model Gusto.
The Gusto will be first launched in the northern and western markets of India and Nepal on September 29, followed by South Asia, Central America and Africa over few months.
"The Gusto is a 110 cc scooter and we will reveal the product details when we formally launch it next week. We hope to create a unique proposition for our customer with it," M&M Chief Executive - Farm Equipment & Two Wheeler Division & Member of the Group Executive Board Rajesh Jejurikar said.
He said the company was confident of putting up a challenge to market leader Activa from Honda.
"We have a good product and we think we have a strong value proposition and a product offering," he said when asked as to how the Gusto would take on established models.
The Gusto has been developed as a global scooter at the company's R&D facility in Pune. It is the first product developed independently by the company after it acquired Kinetic six years back.
"The Gusto's distinctive, contemporary styling has its origins in Italy and it has been conceptualised based on extensive research and in-depth consumer insights," he added.
On the launch programme, Jejurikar said: "We are now ready to launch the Gusto in the Northern and Western markets of India and Nepal on September 29. We will launch in the Southern and Eastern markets of India as well as South Asia, Central America and Africa, in a few months."
While the company hasn't shared the technical details of the Gusto, it said the new scooter will have an all aluminium M-TEC engine with advanced features such as a stronger crankshaft and bearings, high energy HT (ignition) coil and series regulator to deliver superior power, efficiency and reliability.
Sounding bullish on the scooter market growth, Jejurikar said this year it has grown by 30 per cent.
As per SIAM data, in the April-August period this fiscal, the domestic scooter market stood at 17,51,881 units as against 13,40,170 units in the same period last fiscal.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Christopher Palmer eyes further dip to bite into quality Indian stocksSep 23, 2014, 06.00 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Palmer eyes further dip to bite into quality Indian stocks
The current geopolitical tensions are sure to weigh on global equity markets but on the other hand the situation in Ukraine seems to have reduced and there does not seem to be any risks to oil supply as of now, says Christopher Palmer, Henderson Global Investors.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Palmer eyes further dip to bite into quality Indian stocks
The current geopolitical tensions are sure to weigh on global equity markets but on the other hand the situation in Ukraine seems to have reduced and there does not seem to be any risks to oil supply as of now, says Christopher Palmer, Henderson Global Investors.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
Christopher Palmer, Henderson Global Investors in an interview to CNBC-TV18 spoke extensively about the impact of geopolitical tensions and oil prices on global markets.
The current geopolitical tensions are sure to weigh on global equity markets but on the other hand the situation in Ukraine seems to have reduced and there does not seem to be any risks to oil supply as of now, says Palmar.
Moreover, for Asian emerging markets oil importing countries like India, the drop in oil prices is good and would give the new government some breathing room to show progress on reform front and kick starting the infrastructure projects.
So, in case global equity markets correct, they would look to increase exposure into good quality India companies. They would also look at China and Brazil markets, says Palmer.
Below is the transcript of Christopher Palmer's interview with CNBC-TV18's Sonia Shenoy and Senthil Chengalvarayan.
Sonia: Our own markets are under quite a bit of pressure perhaps because of what is happening with Europe currently, those markets are down 1 percent what do you think is spooking investors?
A: I think this all started last week with the Fed FOMC notes and the chairman of the Fed's comments which has investors increasingly convinced that rates are going to rise in 2015 and that really started to kick-off this dollar rally.
The dollar rally and the strength of the dollar rally is what has spooked investors probably the most of all in the last 5-10 sessions.
Sonia: Do you see this extend on the way down across global markets and if yes what could the quantum of the sell-off be in the days to come?
A: The dollar is probably against some of these currencies particularly the yen, and euro too has probably done its thing for the time being. As of yesterday it was looking well overbought.
So, the markets are trying to price in the Fed's pathway of action next year and timing but that adjustment looks like its happened post the FOMC meeting. So, if it is dollar related weakness in these markets that’s probably run its course.
Sonia: This seems to be global growth slowdown worry because we have seen it in the Euro zone data, we have seen it with global commodity prices that have sunk to multi-year lows. What would your assessment be of how things progress from here? Are we in for a corrective phase in global markets and if yes what would the damage be on emerging markets like India?
A: It is correct that we are probably heading into a lower overall growth outlook certainly led by Europe, I think that is quite transparent now but also in China where there is a lot of talk that the Chinese government may guide to a slightly lower growth rate than what they were talking about earlier this year and if that happens we are going to see less capex by Chinese companies and that will felt first and foremost in the industrial commodities areas.
However having said that there are both winners and losers in falling commodity prices and certainly users of those commodities, you had someone speaking about the oil price earlier today and falling oil price should be good for many of the emerging markets who are importers of oil.
Senthil: Where does that leave India? Is it going to emerge as a winner or loser? The scenario you have outlined is that going to lead to a loss of liquidity in the emerging markets or is that going to continue and now they are going to look for countries like India where growth is going to be faster than in certain other areas?
A: For countries that are importing oil, this drop in the oil price which most likely is being led by expectations of lower growth in China and in Europe, I think that drop in oil prices is good for countries like India but it is not just India is going to benefit from this there are many countries which will benefit from a lower oil price and as that feeds through inflation expectations will shift.
This gives India some really vital breathing room for the government to start showing some progress on reforms and kick starting some of those long delayed infrastructure projects and things like that. So, this oil price drop does give India quite a lot of breathing room but it also benefits many other Asian emerging markets which are big importers of oil.
Sonia: We were doing a check within our own dealing rooms and there is some nervousness because of the geopolitical tensions, the fact that US has launched its first attack on Syria, how concerned would you be and what would the ramifications be on global equity markets?
A: No doubt when the shooting starts people do get a bit nervous. The special situation for Syria is that it brings the US into more close confrontation with Russia which has sent some very strong signals about how it does not want the US intervening in Syria. I think that is what is raising some of the tension.
On the other hand the situation in Ukraine looks like some tension has been reduced there. Certainly the strength of the strikes, some of the graphic images that people are seeing on television that is weighing on sentiment. One of the immediate impacts to a lot of this has been that the oil supply looks safe which is one the ultimate issues around the regional security. However the images are quite graphic and people are reacting to that - perhaps flight to quality and some risk off the table.
Sonia: If you have to give us your view on what your pecking order would be in terms of global equity markets if we see a further slide which are the markets that you would look to dip into?
A: One market we are certainly interested in is India where we are overweight, perhaps playing some of the higher quality companies in this at the later stages of the rally here in India and playing some of the exporters but also some infrastructure plays in India. That would be close to the top of the list.
We are also hopeful that Chinese reforms are going to bring some fruits and get consumer spending going in China. So, that is another interesting place to look.
The most intriguing global market right now is Brazil where we have got a very close election between the incumbent President and a relative newcomer on the scene who is talking about reforms and increasing productivity in Brazil. That election if it goes the way of the sort of pro business candidate it has really important repercussion for the performance of that market.
RELATED NEWS

FIRST DAY OF AUTUMN 2014: Google Doodle shows how inspired fall artists use the leaf of paperFirst Day of Autumn. (courtesy of GOOGLE)
 
BACK IN MARCH, Eisner-nominated artist Eleanor Davis created a beguiling animated Google Doodle to celebrate the budding Spring Equinox. The watering of the letters in “Google” by a “blob lady” resulted in the blooming Doodle, Davis told The Post’s Comic Riffs.
Today, into the Doodle, a little reversal must fall. In an animation reminiscent of Davis’s vernal work with Google team artist Sophia Foster-Dimino , the California company’s Sept. 23 Doodle marks the first day of autumn with blue-gray trees that, above our “blob man,” turn deep colorful hues before revealing the stark and barren branches that spell out “Google.”
“I’m super-tickled to have another Doodle drop!” Davis — who appeared at Small Press Expo this month with her new book, “How to Be Happy” — tells Comic Riffs today.
The Doodle falls on the autumnal “equinox,” or “equal night,” when Earth’s days and nights are of roughly equal length, as the planet’s axis tilts not toward, or away from, the sun.
The Doodle summons thoughts of other artists who have created sublime cartoons and illustrations in autumnal tones and themes, including Ronald Searle, Bill Watterson , Charles Schulz and Eric Drooker.
1. BILL WATTERSON
Growing up in Ohio, Watterson developed a keen artistic eye for the colors of seasonal change, and his beloved strip “Calvin and Hobbes” could positively burst with color, including the golden russet and ochre tints of a watercolored lazy autumn:
Watterson’s “Calvin and Hobbes.” (courtesy of Universal Uclick/Andrews McMeel)
Watterson’s “Calvin and Hobbes” (courtesy of Universal Uclick)
 
2. CHARLES SCHULZ
Watterson, of course, grew up admiring another legendary strip, “Peanuts” — whose creator, Charles “Sparky” Schulz, was raised on the seasonal changes of his native Minnesota — from the brilliant autumns to bleak-white winters. Schulz seemed forever able to view fall through the physical pleasure of leaves, ever crackling beneath your feet (or paws):
Schulz’s “Peanuts.” (courtesy of Peanuts Worldwide/UFS/Universal Uclick)

How the western alliance was won: the story behind BJP-Sena negotiationHow the western alliance was won: the story behind BJP-Sena negotiation
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 05:53 PM IST
Several factors weighed in to end the impasse between the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Shiv Sena. The likely agrement is going to be an alliance with Sena fighting 151 and the BJP 130 with the remainder divided among the other alliance partners.
However, Sena which was initially adamant at giving the BJP no more than 119 seats decided to revise its position realising that a divorce would only make it easier for the Congress- Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) combine to retain power for the fourth consecutive time benefiting from the division of votes in 288 assembly constituencies across Maharashtra.
A BJP leader who did not want to be named, told Business Standard, "Both realised that despite a sterling performance in the Lok Sabha election where Maha Yuti won a record 42 of the total 48 seats, Shiv Sena and BJP would not be in a position to repeat the show if they fought assembly polls independently.”
It wasn’t just the fear of defeat at the hands of the Congress-NCP that was weighing on the minds of BJP and Shiv Sena. The more important calculation was the  fear that should the alliance break down in the assembly, it would break down everywhere: In the Rajya Sabha where the BJP would stand to lose; and in civic and local bodies across Maharashtra where the Sena has political compulsions to stay in power.
Not only would Anant Gite - Shiv Sena's lone minister in the centre - have been the first to lose his job, far more damaging would have been the danger to Sena’s position in India's richest civic body Brihan Mumbai Municipal Corporation where it has been ruling along with the BJP for the last 19 years. Contracts handed out by the BMC are Sena’s life blood. To lose this would have put serious curbs on the party’s finances.
For BJP cadres, the issue was posed as a matter of prestige. Never before has the BJP been more ready and eager to have its candidate as Maharashtra Chief Minister. It's cadres are confident that despite contesting fewer seats, their strike rate would be better than Sena. But that might not have been the case if the party had contested independent of Sena. Within striking distance of having a BJP CM of Maharashtra for the first time in history, the party cadres were persuaded to compromise and not blow up this chance.

Omar govt seeks help from Kolkata-based firm to build bridges in flood-hitPoonchPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: September 23, 2014 6:49 pm
With Army troops in Jammu Kashmir running short of portable and pre-fabricated truss bridges to restore damaged road links in the state, the Omar Abdullah government has now approached the Kolkata based Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Ltd – a Central government undertaking, for construction of at least four large bailey bridges in border Poonch district.
Pointing out that there were still four major bridges washed away in recent floods in the border Poonch district, Divisional Commissioner, Jammu, Shantmanu said, “We had written to the Army for launching bailey bridges at those places until their reconstruction by the Public Works Department. However, the later expressed its inability saying that they have already utilized whatsoever such bridges were available with it for restoring road links at other places in the state.”
Finally, the state government decided to approach Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers (GRSE) Ltd as it also has bailey bridges at its disposal. “The GRSE officials accepted our request, but they only wanted exemption in toll tax and other duties on material transported by them into the state. Accordingly, the state government issued exemption orders,” he said, adding that the latter had on Monday dispatched the on material required for construction of bailey bridges into the state.
To restore road link damaged by floods, the Army has constructed at least half a dozen bailey bridges, including the 180 ft longest one at Ans river, in Jammu region alone. This is apart from a number of bailey bridges constructed by it during the last fortnight in flood ravaged Valley as well.
Giving the final reports emerging across Jammu region a fortnight after the flood fury, the worst ever in last 60 years in the state, Shantmanu said that a total of 213 people have died and nearly 40,000 houses damaged across Jammu region alone. Of these, nearly 15,000 houses were fully damaged, he said, adding that the death toll includes even the victims of Nowshera bus mishap and Pancheri landslides whose bodies were yet to be recovered.
While 64 baratis travelling in a bus had washed away in a swollen nullah near Nowshera in Rajouri district, 37 people were buried alive along with the houses under a landslide at Saddal near Pancheri area of Udhampur district. Of them, while 52 bodies of the baratis have been recovered, only 13 have been retrieved from under the landslides in Pancheri so far.
Pointing out that districts worst hit by floods and incessant rains were Poonch, Rajouri and Reasi, he said that a large number of bridges had been damaged at these places. Though most of them have been restored by army troops and the state government, there were still 35 foot bridges washed away in floods in Poonch district. Their reconstruction by state government was not possible until it gets special funds from the Centre.
There were also nearly 200 government buildings damaged in Poonch and Rajouri districts, besides Mahore in Reasi district. Most of them were, however, school buildings, he said, that except for two or three, the other continued…

UP Police alerts Uttarakhand about presence of SIMIterroristsPress Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: September 23, 2014 6:47 pm
Uttar Pradesh police has alerted their counterparts in Uttarakhand about the possible presence of suspected terrorists associated with the banned outfit SIMI in that state.
“Uttarakhand police has been alerted about the possibility of SIMI terrorists in their territory,” IG Law and Order Amrendra Sengar told reporters.
Three SIMI terrorists, allegedly involved in a blast on September 12 in Mohalla Jatan of Bijnor, had managed to escape after the incident.
The trio were staying near a room where the blast had taken place, and their partners as tenants in a house.
About the security arrangements in the wake of Navratra and Durga Puja, Sengar said “adequate number of force would be deployed and the Centre has been asked to provide Rapid Action Force (RAF) to be deployed at sensitive areas.”
To review the security situation, Sengar said, a meeting through video conferencing would be held tomorrow with the senior officers of districts.

No plans for Modi-Sharif meeting on UNGA margins:MEAPrint
Modi is scheduled to meet President of Sri Lanka Mahinda Rajapaksa and Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina and of Nepal Sushil Koirala in initial bilateral meetings. (File photo)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 6:42 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 6:54 pm
There are “ no plans ” for a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York this week, External Affairs Ministry said on Tuesday.
As part of “neighbours first” policy, Modi is scheduled to meet President of Sri Lanka Mahinda Rajapaksa and Prime Minister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina and of Nepal Sushil Koirala in initial bilateral meetings, MEA Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
When asked if there will be a meeting between Modi and Sharif , he said, “There are no plans for the meeting.”
Asked about the recent meetings Pakistan High Commissioner here Abdul Basit had with National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh, the spokesperson said these were “courtesy” meetings sought by the Pakistani envoy.
He added that “process should not be mixed with the content” when asked if these meetings were indicative of possibility that the two Prime Ministers may meet in New York.
On the Modi-Hasina meet, the spokesperson said both countries are aware of each other’s concerns and issues and any meeting will help in better understanding and also further deepening of the bilateral cooperation.
Modi is scheduled to meet Hasina on September 27.

Omar meets PM  seeks special rehab package forflood-hitPrint
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah with Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari during the latter's visit to discuss the post-flood measures in Srinagar on Monday. Source: PTI photo
Written by Arun Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 6:37 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 6:56 pm
The Jammu Kashmir government on Tuesday sought a special rehabilitation package from the Centre for putting life back on the rails in flood ravaged state.
The demand was made by state Chief Minister Omar Abdullah when he called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi, said an official spokesman here. “While expressing his gratitude to the Prime Minister and the Central government for timely assistance by way of rescue and immediate relief to the affected people, the chief minister vehemently advocated for liberal and massive assistance from the Central government for relief and rehabilitation of flood affected people,’’ the spokesman added.
“Our hearts go out for the families who have lost their dear ones,’’ Omar said, adding that the loss of property has been colossal in this calamity. “We look to you in this hour of grave crisis for all the required support during the second phase of calamity management in respect to the rehabilitation of affected families both in terms of housing and livelihood, besides permanent restoration of public assets,’’ Omar told the Prime Minister.
The Chief Minister said  that while the state government will immediately role out financial assistance to the affected families from out of the State Disaster Relief Fund, a liberal and pragmatic financial package will need to be worked out for permanent and sustainable settlement and rehabilitation of households devastated by floods. “Considering that the residential houses in Kashmir are built at a cost much higher than other parts of the country and in view of limited working season available before the onset of winter, it is imperative that Central government agrees to the extra ordinary funds for reconstruction of fully and partially damaged houses by the affected families,’’ he said.
Apart from providing financial support to the business establishments affected by the calamity, the agriculture and horticulture losses also need to be compensated fully, he said. All these elements will need to be factored into a special rehabilitation package which also aims at addressing the livelihood concerns of a large number of population devastated by the tragedy, he added.
Amon other things, the Chief Minister also discussed “flood threat management programme’’ and asked the Central government to approve Rs 2,200 crore flood threat management project for river Jhelum already submitted by state government. He also appreciated the role played by Indian Army, Air Force and National Disaster Recue Force in aid of the civil authorities making the rescue efforts result oriented.
The Prime Minister assured all Central support to the state for relief and rehabilitation of affected families and reconstruction of damaged infrastructure, the spokesman added.

Spices add special flavour to Indian exports...Spices add special flavour to Indian exports to China
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 06.36PM IST
Tags:
Cumin
(Chinese investors in India…)
BEIJING: Chinese investors in India are reaping huge profits by exporting Indian spices like pepper and cumin back home, taking advantage of cheap labour in the country than in China.
Fan Chengliang, 40, a Chinese trader who has established his export business in Hyderabad says that India's pepper and cumin specially from south is becoming popular in China.
"The Indian pepper is spicier than those planted in China, and such products are popular in China's Sichuan and Yunnan provinces, where people like eating spicy food," he told state-run China Daily.
The climate in India helps bring out the distinctive flavour of its spices that are different from those of any other place in the world, he said.
Fan's products are mainly sold to wholesale markets in China, though some Chinese restaurants buy spices directly from his company.
"Besides, I cannot find any other place in the world with such a young workforce and such a vast area of farmland. It's paradise for those in the agricultural business," he said.
Fan pays his five Indian workers about 2,000-3,000 yuan ($ 326-488.5) each a month, which he said is "decent payment" compared to local wages.
"In China, it is impossible to employ excellent workers at such prices," he added.
Fan's company is just part of an increasing number of Chinese businesses riding on growing economic and trade ties between China and India in recent years.
India is currently wooing Chinese investors in the back drop of the last week's visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India during which Beijing has committed to invest $ 20 billion in two industrial parks besides modernisation of Indian railways.
Bai Yuwen, a Chinese who works for a multinational company, said that India's huge population offers unimaginable potential for her business, which is mainly based on people-to-people exchanges.
"Although the Indians in general are not so rich now, they will definitely create development miracles because they have so many young people," Bai said.
Her Indian colleagues are very diligent since they cherish the job opportunities, Bai said.
Fan, the spice dealer, expected the warming China-India relationship to bring some real benefit for his business.
"The infrastructure in many places of India remains poor and I hope that China's experiences and its capital can be tapped by the Indian government to improve the roads, power grids and railways," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ETF an option for SUUTI stake sale  says May...You are here: Home > Collections
ETF an option for SUUTI stake sale, says Arvind Mayaram
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 06.25PM IST
Tags:
Arvind Mayaram
("All options open. We are…)
NEW DELHI: The government is keeping all options open, including floating an Exchange Traded Fund, for selling stakes in companies like L&T and ITC held through SUUTI, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram said today.
"All options open. We are evaluating ETF option for SUUTI stake sale. No final decision taken taken on SUUTI stake sale ," Mayaram said here.
Specified Undertaking of UTI (SUUTI), formed in 2003, is an offshoot of erstwhile UTI. It holds 11.72 per cent in Axis Bank; 11.27 per cent in ITC and 8.18 per cent in Larsen & Toubro.
The government had sold 9 per cent stake in Axis Bank held through SUUTI in March through the bulk deal on the stock exchanges.
In March, the government had successfully launched the ETF comprising shares of 10 PSUs. The ETF has registered handsome gains since its launch.
The government proposes to raise Rs 15,000 crore in the current fiscal through sale of residual stakes in private companies. It plans to raise Rs 43,425 crore through stake sale in PSUs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xis statement of a regional war has nothing to do with India  says China'Xi's advice to PLA not linked to 'war' with India'
Sutirtho Patranobis , Hindustan Times  Beijing, September 23, 2014
First Published: 16:01 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:26 IST(24/9/2014)
China on Tuesday brushed aside comments linking President Xi Jinping’s statement urging Chinese armed forces to be ready for a “regional war” to a war with India, saying it was a “wild guess”.
Advertisement
During a meeting with top officers of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) on Sunday, Xi asked them to improve their combat readiness and be ready to win a regional war. Coming at a time when Indian and Chinese soldiers were locked in a stand-off along the disputed boundary in Ladakh, the statement was interpreted as being directed at India.
The foreign ministry said China would never allow the long-pending border dispute to influence bilateral relations.
“I believe that this may be a wild guess,” said Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying. “President Xi concluded his very successful visit to India and was warmly welcomed by the Indian government and Indian people. During his visit, the two leaders reached important consensus on Sino-Indian relations.”
Chinese leaders, including Xi, had in the past brought up the issue of the PLA’s readiness for a “regional war”. Former president Hu Jintao had also talked about PLA’s combat readiness for a regional war during his tenure.
“There may be some problems between the two countries but you can be assured that the two leaders also have consensus on such issues to solve the disputes through friendly coordination and pending the final settlement, we will maintain peace and tranquillity of the border area,” the Chinese spokesperson added.
“We will never allow border area to influence Sino-India relations,” she said.
Hua said the government had taken note of reports of Chinese troops’ incursions into Indian territory.
“Through the existing mechanism we can effectively and properly manage such issues. A far as I am concerned such dispute has been managed and border area is in tranquillity,” she added.

Sensex takes a U-turn: Brokers pick 10 stocks to buy in volatile marketSensex takes a U-turn: Brokers pick 10 stocks to buy in volatile market
Markets fall; Sensex drops 431 points  Nifty below 8 100Markets fall; Sensex drops 431 points, Nifty below 8,100
Tulemino Antao | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 04:06 PM IST
Markets recorded their single-largest fall since August 1 after weaker-than-expected business activity in the euro zone and a survey which showed rise in unemployment levels in China raised concerns that global economic growth is still struggling. Selling by foreign funds also weighed on market sentiment.
The 30-share Sensex ended down 431 points at 26,776 and 50-share NIfty ended down 129 points at 8,018.
Foreign funds were net sellers in equities worth Rs 186 crore on Monday.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid Cap and Small Cap indices ended down 1.9% and 2.9%, respectively.
Asian shares ended mixed on Tuesday as better-than-expected data from China surprised market participants. Meanwhile, financial markets in Japan were closed for a public holiday on account Autumn Equinox. The HSBC flash reading on manufacturing (PMI) for China in September increased to 50.5, from 50.2 in August easing worries of a contraction. The Shanghai Composite ended up 0.9% and Hang Seng ended 0.5% lower. Further, Singapore's Straits Times ended flat with positive bias.
However, European shares were trading sharply lower after a private survey showed that business activity in the euro zone comprising of 18 countries in September dropped to a nine-month low at 52.3 in September compared to 52.5 in August, raising concerns that the economy in the continent continues to struggle. The CAC-40, DAX and FTSE-100 were down 1-1.6% each.
The rupee is trading at 60.91 compared to Monday's close of 60.82 tracking weakness in equities and sale by foreign investors in the previous session.
All sectoral indices on the BSE were in the red with BSE Realty index emerging as the top loser down nearly 5% followed by Metal, Healthcare, Capital Goods, Oil and Gas indices among others.
In the metal pack, Hindalco ended down 2.6% followed by Tata Steel, Coal India and Sesa Sterlite shrugging off the encouraging manufacturing data from China. The HSBC/Markit Flash China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 50.5 in September from August's final reading of 50.2.
Auto major Tata Motors witnessed profit taking to end nearly 4% down erasing all the previous session gains even as analysts remain bullish on the stock.
Oil and gas stocks witnessed selling pressure on uncertainty over gas pricing issue. Index heavyweight Reliance Industries ended down 2.7% and ONGC also closed 2.7% lower.
IT exporters witnessed profit taking after weaker than expected housing data which raised worries over growth in the US economy. Infosys and TCS ended down 1-1.1% each.
Bank shares witnessed profit taking after a private poll suggested that the RBI is likely to hold rates at least until the end of the current financial year. ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank and SBI ended down 0.8-2.5% each.
Mahindra & Mahindra  dipped nearly 2% after Credit Suisse downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "outperform" saying the company's valuations are no longer "attractive".
Delhi-based real estate majors DLF and Unitech ended down 6-11% each after the Delhi Government increased the circle rates by upto 20%. Circle rate is the minimum valuation at which properties have to be registered.
Pharma shares were in action today. The government has withdrawn the drug pricing authority's powers that allowed it to fix the prices of medicines not deemed essential. Cipla lost 4% while Sun Pharma ended down 2.2%.
Meanwhile, FMCG majors ITC and HUL along with IT major Wipro were the Sensex gainers.
Among other shares, Sharda Cropchem which made its listing debut today ended 48% higher at Rs 230.60 on the NSE. Earlier, the shares had listed at Rs 260, a 67% premium against its issue price of Rs 156 per share, on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) has rallied 4.5% to end at Rs 738 on reports that the foreign broking firm Nomura has initiated coverage on company with a buy for a target price of Rs 1,049 per share.
Shares of Bharti Shipyard gained 3% after the company said its lenders, under the Corporate Debt Restructuring mechanism, have sold the wind mill business.
Shares of IFCI ended up after it said it would sell part of its stake in Tourism Finance Corporation of India Ltd.
Sanofi India surged 11% after the government withdrew National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority's power that permitted it to fix prices of non-essential drugs.
Market breadth ended negative with 2,146 losers and 876 gainers on the BSE.

Swacch Bharat campaign to be launched soon: PM | Ambani  Ruia in  Make in India  progGovernment
("Erstwhile govts used to…)
BANGALORE: Addressing the BJP workers in Bangalore, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday thanked voters for providing a decisive mandate, leading to the formation of a stable government at the Centre.
Reaffirming his commitment to the cleanliness drive, he announced the intention to launch a cleanliness campaign in all government departments in the coming few days.
Furthermore, the Prime Minister also emphasised on the need to do away with archaic laws and simplify procedures.
"Erstwhile governments used to take pride in framing of laws, but I have decided that all such laws that have outlived their importance need to be scrapped," Modi said.
"It is because of such archaic laws that indecision in governence is created," the PM added and noted that a special committee has been formed to look into the matter.
'Mission Swacch Bharat' (clean India) will be launched on October 2, with Mahatma Gandhi as the inspiration, to create a clean India of his dreams by 2019, his 150th birth anniversary, a statement from the PMO said.
Modi had earlier said the pursuit of cleanliness can be an economic activity, contributing to GDP growth, reduction in healthcare costs, and a source of employment.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had called for making 'Swacch Bharat' into a mass movement and linked it to economic activity to ensure greater participation.
He had earlier said that all government departments will actively participate in the programme. Government offices up to panchayat level will be involved in a cleanliness drive that shall be carried out from September 25 till Diwali which falls on October 23.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HTC unveils Desire 816G model at price of Rs...Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Smartphone maker HTC today unveiled GSM-only model of its Desire 816 range at lower price point of Rs 18,990 that will be available from mid-October.
The current model 816 E, which is a dual SIM 3G phone (CDMA+GSM), is now available for around Rs 21,000.
"We are looking to diversify our portfolio across various price points. Desire 816 E is a world phone and 816 G launched now is a 3G phone that supports GSM SIMs only," HTC Chief Financial Officer and President of Global Sales Chiang-Lin Chang said here today.
The company also unveiled its 4G dual SIM smartphones with latest 8-core processor, Desire 820 and another version with quad-core processor 820 Q which it will start selling after a month in the country but did not disclose price.
"Prices of Desire 820 will be unveiled around mid-October as per local market assessment," Chiang said.
HTC sells medium priced phone in its Desire range. The 5.5 inch screen size 816 G too has quad core processor. It comes with 13 megapixel primary camera and 5 mp front camera.
At Rs 18,990 price, dual nano SIM enabled 816 G will compete with the likes of Samsung Galaxy Grand, Nokia Lumia 1320, Sony Xperia T2 and even to HTC's own 816 E.
The phone has 8GB internal storage and supports up to 32 GB external storage.
The 4G models unveiled by HTC too have 13 MP main camera but their front camera is 8 MP. These phones promise to support download speed of up to 150 megabit per second. This means a video equivalent to full size normal Bollywood movie can be downloaded in about half a minute.
Desire 820 have internal storage capacity of 16 GB and support external storage of up to 128 GB.
Chiang said that HTC will launch more 4G phones across various price points once the network are launched in India.
"Desire 820 smartphones support both the variant of LTE (4G) which is fit for Indian market," Chiang said.
In India, Reliance Jio , Bharti Airtel , Augere, Aircel and Tikona Digital have spectrum that can be used for deploying TDD-LTE - a variant of 4G technology.
Recently telecom companies in India acquired spectrum in 1800 Mhz band, widely known as 2G spectrum, in which ecosystem for another 4G technology, FDD-LTE, has been developed.

Syndicate Bank Chief Sudhir Kumar Jain SackedYou are here: Home Corporates
Syndicate Bank Chief SK Jain Sacked
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 15:43 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
State-owned Syndicate Bank on Tuesday said that it has terminated its suspended chairman and managing director Sudhir Kumar Jain's term, with immediate effect.
"Syndicate Bank has informed the Exchange that the Central Government (vide their letter dated 22.09.2014), in terms of Sub-Clause (1A) of Clause 8 of the Nationalised Banks (Management and Miscellaneous Provisions) Scheme, 1970/1980 has terminated the term of office of Shri Sudhir Kumar Jain as Chairman and Managing Director of the Bank with immediate effect," the public sector bank said in a notice to BSE.
Mr Jain, who is in CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) custody presently, was arrested by the central agency on August 2 for allegedly receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh through conduits and abusing his official position to enhance the credit limits of some companies in violation of procedures.
On the day of Mr Jain's arrest, the CBI claimed to have recovered cash to the tune of Rs 21 lakh from his residence besides gold worth Rs. 1.68 crore and fixed deposits of up to Rs. 63 lakh.
Along with Mr Jain, 11 others including CMD (chairman and managing director) and directors of Bhushan Steel and Prakash Industries have been booked by the CBI - under relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 and criminal conspiracy.
The Syndicate Bank stock closed 3.07 per cent down on the NSE. In comparison the broader Nifty and the Sensex both ended 1.58 per cent down.
(With agency inputs)

Real Biz With Rebecca JarvisSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
EXPLORE.ORG: Penguin Underwater Swim Camera
RADAR: Severe Storms and Heavy Rain Moving Across...
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

IFC launches maiden tranche of  Maharaja  bondsIFC launches maiden tranche of  Maharaja  bonds
Hike in circle rates in Delhi to hit housing demandHike in circle rates in Delhi to hit housing demand
Air-strikes kill 42 militants in North WaziristanAir-strikes kill 42 militants in North Waziristan
Pidilite acquires Blue Coat s adhesive biz for Rs 263.57 crPidilite acquires Blue Coat s adhesive biz for Rs 263.57 cr
Tata AutoComp and Magna enter into seating JVTata Autocomp, Magna enter into joint venture
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 08:55 PM IST
Auto component maker Tata AutoComp Systems and Magna International Inc. have signed a 50:50 joint venture agreement to provide seating systems to the Indian commercial vehicle industry. The JV will be focused on delivering innovative seating systems to commercial vehicle manufacturers as well as buses, company said in a statement.  
“This partnership with Magna will expand our portfolio to now bring the latest in seating systems to the Indian commercial vehicle industry. With the rapid increase in infrastructure, we envisage more and more vehicles plying long distances. Seating systems in commercial vehicles have not yet evolved in India. With the rapid increase in infrastructure, we envisage more and more vehicles plying long distances In such a scenario, the safety and comfort of both driver and passengers is paramount. Through this joint venture , we intend to address this increasing need of the industry” says Ajay Tandon, MD & CEO of Tata AutoComp Systems.
The JV will be headquartered in Pune, Maharashtra, India and will supply seating systems to customers in India.
Mike Bisson, president,  Magna Seating said, “The combination of Magna’s seating expertise and Tata AutoComp’s knowledge of the Indian market provides both companies an opportunity for growth in the commercial vehicle market. Leveraging our expertise in automotive seating and delivering it to the commercial vehicle market in India is an important part of our global growth strategy.”

Odisha to modify Capex scheme  pump in additional Rs 600 crOdisha to modify Capex scheme, pump in additional Rs 600 cr
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Sep 23, 2014 08:19 PM IST
The Odisha government is set to modify the Capital Expenditure (Capex) scheme meant for trimming aggregate technical & commercial (AT&C) losses of distribution companies (discoms).
The outlay under the scheme is proposed to be raised to Rs 3,000 crore from Rs 2,400 crore presently. The additional Rs 600 crore will be provided as loan by the state government to target areas like AB (aerial bunched) cabling, high voltage distribution system (HVDS) and metering.
The scheme modification is targeted at faster reduction of AT&C loss in the state that stands at nearly 40 per cent.
Of the original outlay of Rs 2,400 crore, the state government was to provide Rs 1,200 crore and the balance Rs 1,200 crore was to come from the discoms as counterpart funding. The state government’s contribution of Rs 1,200 crore included a grant of Rs 500 crore from the Government of India.
Though the Capex scheme was launched in 2010-11, effective implementation started from 2012-13.
Implementation of Capex has suffered due to inability of three Reliance Infrastructure controlled firms — North Eastern Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Nesco), Western Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Wesco) and Southern Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Southco) to provide the counterpart funding.
Since the three discoms were piling up losses, they were not in a position to raise debt. Presently, the assets of Nesco, Wesco and Southco are hypothecated to state owned bulk power purchaser Gridco, There is a proposal to de-freeze assets of these discoms.
As per the Capex scheme, the discoms were to slash AT&C losses by three per cent per annum in their areas of operations.
But due to delay in execution of loan agreement, delay in finalisation of technical specification of materials, delay in placement of work orders as well as non arranging of counterpart funding by Reliance Infrastructure controlled discoms, the work could not be executed in project areas as per schedule.
Consequently, the envisaged AT&C losses could not be pruned, forcing the government to revise the completion of Capex programme till March 2014.
One per cent reduction in AT&C loss could fetch Rs 80 crore to the state exchequer.

Micromax Canvas A1: The hottest Android One phoneE-mail
With 4.5-inch FWVGA screen the Micromax Canvas A1 with Android One is powered by the Android kitkat 4.4.4 and 1.3GHz Quad core processor. With Google pushing updates on the phone for 2 years, the Canas A1 will have a Nexus like experience and it will be upgraded to Android L later in 2014.
PHOTO: www.micromaxinfo.com

Home Price Increases Are Slowing Downhome price increases are slowing down
Chrysler recalls nearly 800 000 more SUVs for ignition switch issueChrysler recalls nearly 800,000 more SUVs for ignition switch issue
2007 Jeep Commander
Chrysler is recalling the 2006 to 2007 Jeep Commander for a faulty ignition switch.
Chrysler is recalling the 2006 to 2007 Jeep Commander for a faulty ignition switch. (Chrysler)
By Robert Duffer, Chicago Tribune
8
“Engineers are working to develop a remedy and Chrysler is committing now to conduct a recall out of an abundance of caution,” Chrysler said in a statement.
A similar issue with the ignition inadvertently shifting out of the “on” position has been the centerpiece of General Motor’s record number of 29 million vehicles recalled so far in 2014.
@Earnest_in_Evanston Not a Red or Blue issue.....a green issue. Most everything is a green issue.
dstoney64
6
While Chrysler is much smaller than the world’s second largest automaker, this is its third ignition-switch related recall and it affects vehicles that are still in production, except for the Jeep Commander.
On July 2, Chrysler expanded the initial recall to a total of 891,957 Dodge Grand Caravan and Chrysler Town & Country minivans from model year 2008 to 2010 and the 2009 to 2010 Dodge Journey crossover.
If the igintion switch is inadvertantly switched from the "on" position, due to a knee knocking it or some other force, the engine may stall, reducing braking power and making steering more difficult, Chrysler said in a statement . Safety features such as frontal air bags may be disabled.
Like affected GM owners, affected Chrysler owners are advised to remove all items from their key rings except the ignition key. GM's faulty ignition switch issue has been attributed to 15 deaths spanning a decade, resulting in lawsuits, congressional hearings and widespread recalls due to intense scrutiny of the automaker's internal practices.   
Chrysler is aware of a "single reported accident and a relatively small number of complaints."
649,900 of SUVs in the current recall are in the United States. 
Two weeks ago, Chrysler recalled 895,000 Jeep Grand Cherokee and Dodge Durango SUVs from model year 2011 to 2014 for a wiring problem that could start a fire.
Customers can call Chrysler at 1-800-853-1403 or visit the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration for more. 
 
Copyright © 2014, Chicago Tribune
Related Content

Pioneers Who Brought India and America Closerreddit
Second of a three part series highlighting how the ties between the world two largest democracies are rooted in history. The first article can be found here .
In 1893 author Mark Twain filed for bankruptcy.  He had invested most of his wealth from his Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn books into failed publishing and printing ventures. To monetize his fame and regain liquidity Twain undertook took a year-long speaking voyage .
He spent three months in India of which he later wrote  it is "the country of a hundred nations and a hundred tongues, ... the one sole country under the sun that is endowed with an imperishable interest for alien persons, for lettered and ignorant, wise and fool, rich and poor, bonded and free." Twain travelled to Bombay (now Mumbai), Poona (Pune), Allahabad, Banaras (Varanasi), Calcutta (Kolkatta), Darjeeling, Agra, Jaipur and Delhi and spoke to paying audiences of thousands at each location. Twain ultimately paid off his debts.
Johnny Appleseed of India
Throughout the 20th Century a few remarkable men and women from India and America created an impact on the other country. Here are a few of their stories.
A Quaker from a wealthy family, twenty-two year old American Samuel Evans Stokes arrived in the foothills of India's Himalaya Mountains in 1904 as a missionary.   Stokes ultimately married an Indian woman , became a prominent leader in India's Congress party and its fight for the country's independence and converted to Hindusim.
Changing his name to Satyananda Stokes , he also became famous for bringing  American apples and orchards to the town of Kotgarh.  Some called him the Johnny Appleseed of India. Today Kotgarh and the surrounding areas of Himachal Pradesh are renowned for their apples, thanks to an intrepid American.  (Vinod Stokes, his grandson, taught me Dynamics and Mechanics of Solids when I was a mechanical engineering student at the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur. More on that school later in our story.).
Meanwhile, in America
Here in America, more than 20 million adults practice the ancient Indian art of yoga today. Many of those don't even realize that yoga originated in India.
It all began when Paramhansa Yogananda landed in Boston on board the SS City of Sparta in 1920 and began teaching meditation. Among his followers was the daughter of Mark Twain, Clara Clemens Gabrilowitsch.  Yogananda moved to California and established the Self Realization Fellowship , a church which lives on today. Yogananda was followed by many celebrity promoters from India, including Mahesh Yogi, Bikram Choudhury, B.K.S. Iyengar and Yogi Bhajan.  In fact the yoga "industry" in America now exceeds $25 billion in annual revenue.  Those who swear by yoga are not just Hollywood stars such as Meg Ryan and Jennifer Aniston but also macho athletes including LeBron James, forward for the Cleveland Cavaliers and Victor Cruz, wide receiver for the New York Giants.
The Dark Side
Some Americans of Western European extraction resented the presence of brown-skinned Asians and through their efforts the ugly Chinese Exclusion Act was extended to cover all Asians including "Hindoos." There was much debate  in America whether people from India were to be treated as white or not, culminating in a  Supreme Court ruling in U.S. v. Bhagat Singh Thind that they were not. Legal immigration from India came to an almost complete halt in the mid 1920's as a result.
Enter a charismatic, tall and charming Indian immigrant, Jagjit "J.J." Singh who led the India lobby in the United States for over two decades. He charmed Representative Clare Booth Luce of Connecticut who was married to Time magazine publisher Henry Luce. This led to a Time cover story on Nehru, later to become India's first Prime Minister.  In a 2006 study of the India lobby entitled " Sikhs, Swamis, Students and Spies " Dr. Harold Gould refers to weekend soirees at a mansion called Castle Rock in the Maryland suburbs of Washington, D.C. where much of the serenading took place.   Clare Booth proved to be a great friend of India on Capitol Hill.
It came down to money and war finally. Large numbers of Indian soldiers had fought in World War I and II on the side of the allies. As New York City Representative Emmnauel Celler put it to Congress, "India is a huge untapped reservoir for American good, capital goods and consumer good. We must take advantage of it."  On July 2, 1946, President Harry Truman signed the Celler-Luce Bill which put an end to the ban on Indian immigration to the Unites States. In just ten years, Indian-born Dalip Singh Saund became the first Indian American elected to the U.S. House of Representatives from the Imperial Valley of southern California.
American Visionaries
Upon holding parliamentary elections in 1952 and re-affirming Jawaharlal Nehru as its first Prime Minister, India supplanted the United States as the world's largest democracy. Eleanor Roosevelt, a longtime supporter of India, came to India to celebrate in the next year and wrote back to her husband's successor, President Harry Truman , "The problem here is much the same as that of China, though in Nehru we have a leader of infinitely higher quality than Chiang."
While India was a backwater in most U.S. eyes, a couple of extraordinary Americans had the vision and the courage to see the potential.
Harvard economist John Kenneth Galbraith came to India in 1956 and returned several times, including a stint as President Kennedy's Ambassador to New Delhi. Galbraith was a key contributor to what became the largest American educational venture overseas and led the installation of India's first computer (an IBM 1620) and the creation of the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur. I was fortunate enough to obtain a mechanical engineering degree from this great institution which is now ranked at the top in India.
For his many contributions to U.S.-India collaboration, India conferred upon Galbraith, its second highest civilian honor, the Padma Vibhushan.  At age 92, Galbraith exclaimed as reported in the Harvard Gazette "Nothing gives me greater pride than looking back on my two excursions to what we shall one day call not only the world's largest democracy, but also the world's most successful democracy, both politically and economically."
India rarely grants such high awards to foreign citizens, but another American, often credited with saving a billion lives, and also received the same Padma Vibhushan award. Norman Borlaug, trained as a plant pathologist, developed a "semi dwarf" variant of wheat, both shorter (and not prone to tipping over prior to harvest) as well as disease-resistant and amenable to fertilization. Yields soared with its introduction in India in 1965. By 1970, over 40 million acres in India were devoted to cultivating a derivative of Borlaug's creation.
Borlaug and Indian geneticist M.S. Swaminathan fostered the "Green Revolution" which made India self-sufficient in food production and averted famine. While Borlaug was also awarded the Nobel Peace Prize and the U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom, his name remains relatively unknown in the country that gave him birth.
The Dark Side, Part Two
Unfortunately, some well-known Americans  more powerful than Borlaug or Galbraith developed quite a distaste for the world's largest democracy. President Nixon and his Secretary of State Henry Kissinger preferred to ally with the brutal and compliant dictatorship of Pakistan rather than the democratic but stubborn India. Nixon referred to India's Prime Minister, Mrs. Indira Gandhi as "the old witch" and Kissinger went a step further in a transcript from November 5th, 1971, "The Indians are bastards anyway."
This was just days before the Indian Army  began the liberation of what is now Bangladesh and was then part of East Pakistan. In support of Pakistan's junta, Nixon and Kissinger ordered the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise and the Seventh Fleet sail into the Bay of Bengal and to get ready to attack the Indian Army .
While the U.S. intent was common knowledge in India, the official line published in the New York Times was that the USS Enterprise's mission was to evacuate Americans stranded due to the war. U.S. military intervention on the subcontinent was narrowly averted when  Pakistani Lieutenant General  A. A. K. Niazi signed an instrument of surrender and India took 93,000 Pakistani soldiers as prisoners of war.
Today as American defense suppliers vie for weapons and equipment sales to India, I ask their executive to read up on this bit of sobering history. Many of India's political and administrative leadership  have vivid memories from formative years  about this unpleasant aspect of U.S.-India relations.
Good Times are Coming Now
Fast forward to today and things are much better. Presidents Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and now Barrack Obama have reached out to India.  Prime Ministers Atal Behari Vajpayee, Manmohan Singh and now Narendra Modi have reciprocated. Bilateral trade has skyrocketed.
In the Deep South, two Indian Americans are now Republican Governors. In South Carolina, 42 year old Nimrata "Nikki" Randhawa Haley was elected in 2010 and two years earlier Piyush "Bobby" Jindal a former Rhodes Scholar, won in Louisiana.  Jindal, 43, is occasionally mentioned as a future candidate President of the United States.  While Jindal and Haley both converted to Christianity, the U.S. House of Representatives elected its first Hindu in 2012. 33 year old Tulsi Gabbard, formerly known as Gabbard Tamayo sits powerful Foreign Affairs and Armed Services committees.
Back to Business
The most powerful figure in Hollywood today is probably director-producer Steven Spielberg.  The largest investor in Spielberg's Dreamworks, is India's second richest man, Anil Ambani.  Ambani, a Wharton MBA who is married to former film star and Miss India Tina Munim, infused $525 million into Dreamworks in 2009 and 2010. The partnership has done well, celebrating Oscars for Lincoln in 2013 and critical acclaim for this past summer's Hundred Foot Journey .
Anil Ambani, and his brother Mukesh, who is even richer than Anil and attended Stanford's MBA program are ethnic Gujaratis.  So is India's new business friendly Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, who arrives to attend United Nations General Assembly this week before heading to Washington to meet President Obama.
In the same week India's first Martian probe, Mangalyaan approaches the red planet , guided by  the Deep Space Network of NASAs Jet Propulsion Lab in another act of quiet collaboration between the two democracies.  While both Modi and Mangalyaan have some risks to bear, the collaboration in technology and in in business  between India and the United States appears to be on the verge of takeoff.
Follow Gunjan Bagla on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bagla
More:

Finding Supply Chain Synergies In Your Customers  Networksreddit
About 12 years ago, when I was running a logistics company, I had a series of meetings with Consumer Electronics and mobile phone customers. We were exploring how we could reduce their Supply Chain and Network spend.
I discussed with these customers, the fact that as global logistics companies, we have a lot of insight into the cargo flows of our customers and the reality was as follows:
In many cases, our customers produce their product in the same factories as their competitors, and these products end up in the same store shelves, side by side. From a logistics standpoint, it made absolute sense to consider co-domiciling the product in the only remaining leg of the chain -- the ocean container -- and thereby optimizing origin, ocean and destination transportation economics.
In all cases, this recommendation was not considered seriously. In some cases the customer felt that their logistics purchasing skills were a strategic advantage. In others, they couldn't get past the idea of their product sitting in the same container as a competing brand.
Here we are 12 years later, and supply chain synergies remain difficult and elusive. And yet, our ability to store, analyze and model customer shipment data has grown by leaps and bounds. In this era of cloud-based connectivity and big data stores, logistics companies can, more than ever, model supply chain synergies for their customers.
Will there be pushback? Of course! We learn from that and adapt (maybe I should have modeled some flows of customers that weren't competing head on to take the sting out!) But that shouldn't stop us. It is our job to creatively and proactively tee up opportunities for our customers.
If we don't, somebody else will.
Follow Hans Hickler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ellipsisadvisor
More:

Apple Won t Shut Down Beats Music After All (But Will Probably Rename It)Going dark?
Photo by Gary Gershoff/Getty Images for (RED)
This afternoon, TechCrunch reported that Apple was planning to shut down Beats Music, the streaming service founded by Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine that the company acquired, along with its headphone brand, for $3 billion . This seemed a bit strange, since Tim Cook has rhapsodized about just how much he loves the subscription service , and the fact that Apple desperately needed to find foothold in streaming . But the story cited five sources, "including several prominent employees at Apple and Beats."
Jordan Weissmann
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.
“It’s not clear when exactly Jimmy Iovine and Dr Dre’s music service will be shut down or what Apple will do with streaming, but every source with knowledge of the situation that we talked to agreed Apple plans to sunset the Beats Music brand,” TechCrunch reported.
Advertisement
Now, Apple has denied the story through it's spokesman, Tom Neumayr. Except, it's sort of a nondenial denial. According to Re/code's Peter Kafka , the "Beats brand may go away," but the company "wants to stay in streaming music." Which seems a lot like what TechCrunch said. Here's a bit more of Kafka for context:
Note that Apple does seem pretty pleased with the iTunes brand, which was the focus of its controversial U2 album giveaway  this month.
Shuttering the Beats Music brand name makes some sense, as the company hadn’t generated a ton of traction before Apple bought it in May—at that time, it only had a few hundred thousand subscribers.
Now here's where TechCrunch reports that Apple might just slap a new name on its Beats, or use its back end (which is the valuable part, anyway) as part of iTunes:
One source said Apple may roll streaming into iTunes. This could be the most logical strategy for Apple if it can find a way to keep its traditional music file download customers happy while opening its catalogue to streaming for early adopters who want to listen from the cloud. Perhaps rather than just buy buttons, there could be play buttons in iTunes, too. Another source said Apple plans to make some significant music announcement in the first half of next year.
Rebranding Beats as part iTunes isn't quite the same as shutting the service down. But it feels like we're splitting hairs over headlines here.
In any event, here's what we can take away from today's late afternoon music biz news: Streaming is still the future , Apple still seems to realize that, and it's not going to throw the whole streaming service it just bought into the trash heap because it likes iTunes better.

Hyundai workers strike over HQ price tagHyundai Motors workers strike in protest over HQ price tag
By Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85df9c68-42ea-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

U.S. and allies bomb ISIS targets in SyriaU.S. airstrikes hit ISIS inside Syria for first time
By Jim Sciutto, Mariano Castillo and Holly Yan, CNN
September 23, 2014 -- Updated 2011 GMT (0411 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: At least 20 targets were hit, a Syrian opposition group says
Activists: A recruitment center and a building in a governor's compound are hit
Qatar, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Jordan participate in the operation
"ISIS is the bully, and we just punched him in the nose," ex-Delta Force officer says
(CNN) -- American jets began bombing ISIS targets in Syria early Tuesday, raising U.S. involvement in the war-torn country and sending a forceful message to the terror group.
The airstrikes focused on the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa, a U.S. official told CNN, though other locations were hit as well.
At least 20 targets in an around Raqqa were hit, the opposition group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
They're the first strikes against the terror group inside the country since President Barack Obama's announcement this month that he was prepared to expand the American efforts beyond targets in Iraq.
All foreign partners participating in the strikes with the United States are Arab countries, a senior U.S. military official told CNN. Those nations are Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Jordan.
Obama: This is not America's fight alone
Pentagon details anti-ISIS airstrikes
Strikes target ISIS safe havens in Syria
Diplomatic sources told CNN that Qatar was also involved, though it was not clear whether Qatar actually conducted airstrikes itself.
Get the latest updates on CNN.com's live blog
The U.S. and "partner nation forces" began striking ISIS targets using fighters, bombers and Tomahawk missiles, Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said, though he didn't specify a geographic location.
Citing the ongoing operations, Kirby said the Pentagon would not provide additional details immediately. But a U.S. military official said the strikes are meant to target the ability of ISIS to command and control, resupply and train.
Western allies reject ISIS leader's threats
Tomahawk missiles launched from the sea initiated the strike, followed by bombers and fighters, a senior U.S. military official told CNN.
The goal with this first move is to have an initial, definitive blow, the official said, describing the pace of the operation as intense.
Most of the spots hit were hard targets such as buildings, a senior U.S. official told CNN.
A post office, a recruitment center and a building in the governor's compound were among the structures in Raqqa hit by U.S. airstrikes, Syrian opposition activists said.
There was no immediate word about casualties, the activists said.
'There are five Arab nations involved'
Don Lemon: 'Are we at war again?'
 Map: U.S. airstrikes in Syria
Map: U.S. airstrikes in Syria
Power went out in the city shortly after the airstrikes but was restored later Tuesday morning.
A 'punch in the nose'
Until now, ISIS has been able to take over cities and operate in Syria with near impunity. Now, it's coming under attack.
"This is the punch in the nose to the bully that we talked about on the playground," former Delta Force officer James Reese said. "ISIS is the bully, and we just punched him in the nose."
Finding the 'right' rebels in Syria: One tough job
With the airstrikes, the United States enters a new level of engagement in the ongoing Syrian civil war. Obama had resisted U.S. military action in Syria, but as the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq made sweeping advances in both Middle Eastern neighbors, calls for such a step grew.
"I have made it clear that we will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country, wherever they are," Obama said in a September 10 speech. "That means I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria, as well as Iraq. This is a core principle of my presidency: if you threaten America, you will find no safe haven."
The message of the speech was clear -- it was a matter of when, not if -- the United States would carry out airstrikes inside Syria.
A U.S. intelligence official said that while law enforcement is aware the airstrikes against ISIS in Syria could incite a response, there is no evidence to suggest any terrorist strike is in the works against the United States.
200,000 flee in biggest displacement of Syrian conflict
A blindfolded man suspected of passing military information to the Syrian government waits to be interrogated by Free Syrian Army fighters Monday, October 6, in Aleppo, Syria. The United Nations estimates more than 190,000 people have been killed in Syria since an uprising in March 2011 spiraled into civil war.
Medics at a field hospital in Douma, Syria, attend to a man who was injured in what activists said were two airstrikes carried out by forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on Saturday, September 20.
Free Syrian Army fighters rest inside a damaged room in Aleppo on Tuesday, September 16, during what activists said were clashes with forces loyal to al-Assad.
Syrian government forces walk down a street in Halfaya, Syria, after taking the city from rebel forces on Friday, September 12.
Al-Qaeda-linked rebels from Syria gather around vehicles carrying U.N. peacekeepers from Fiji before releasing them Thursday, September 11, in the Golan Heights. The 45 peacekeepers were captured in the Golan Heights after rebels seized control of a border crossing between Syria and the Israeli-occupied territory.
Syrian opposition fighters take position behind sandbags in Aleppo on Thursday, September 11.
Syrians fleeing the violence stand next to their belongings as they attempt to cross into Turkey on Sunday, September 7.
A boy looks at bodies lying outside a hospital after a barrel-bomb attack in Aleppo on Friday, September 5.
A U.N. convoy moves in the buffer zone near the Golan Heights as they are escorted by Syrian rebel fighters near the Syrian village of Jubata Al Khashab on Tuesday, September 2.
Residents of Aleppo remove a body from debris on Friday, August 29, after what activists claim was shelling by forces loyal to al-Assad.
Druze men watch from the Golan Heights side of the Quneitra border with Syria as smoke rises during fighting between rebels and forces loyal to al-Assad on Wednesday, August 27.
This image was taken during a government guided tour in Mleiha, Syria, one day after Syrian government forces retook the town after a months-long battle with rebels, according to a military source and state television on Friday, August 15.
Residents inspect the rubble of destroyed buildings in Aleppo after Syrian regime helicopters allegedly dropped barrel bombs there on Wednesday, August 13.
Smoke trails over Aleppo following barrel bombs that were allegedly dropped by the Syrian regime on an opposition-controlled area on Monday, August 11.
Photographs of victims of the Bashar al-Assad regime are displayed as a Syrian Army defector known as "Caesar," center, appears in disguise to speak before the House Foreign Affairs Committee in Washington. The briefing on Thursday, July 31, was called "Assad's Killing Machine Exposed: Implications for U.S. Policy." Caesar was apparently a witness to al-Assad's brutality and has smuggled more than 50,000 photographs depicting the torture and execution of more than 10,000 dissidents.
Syrian rebel fighters take up positions behind sandbags in Aleppo on Wednesday, July 30.
People carry an injured man away from the site of an airstrike, reportedly carried out by Syrian government forces, in Aleppo on Sunday, July 27.
Rebel fighters execute two men Friday, July 25, in Binnish, Syria. The men reportedly were charged by an Islamic religious court with detonating several car bombs.
A rebel fighter stands on a dust-covered street in Aleppo on Monday, July 21.
A man clears debris at the site of an alleged barrel-bomb attack in Aleppo on Tuesday, July 15.
A woman walks amid debris after an airstrike by government forces July 15 in Aleppo.
People walk on a dust-filled street after a reported barrel-bomb attack in Aleppo on Monday, July 7.
Apartments and other buildings lie in ruins on Tuesday, June 3, in Aleppo, a city that "has had the life bombed out of it," according to CNN's Nick Paton Walsh.
A man carries a girl injured in a reported barrel-bomb attack by government forces June 3 in Aleppo.
A rebel fighter loads an anti-tank cannon outside Latakia, Syria, on Sunday, June 1.
A rescue worker pulls a girl from rubble in Aleppo on June 1 after reported bombing by government forces.
A giant poster of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is seen in Damascus, Syria, on Saturday, May 31, as the capital prepares for presidential elections.
Portraits of al-Assad dominate the cityscape in central Damascus on Tuesday, May 27. Al-Assad is firmly in power three years into the civil war, while the opposition remains weak and fragmented and extremists grow in numbers and influence.
The father of a 3-month-old girl weeps Monday, May 26, after she was pulled from rubble following a barrel-bomb strike in Aleppo.
A woman stands in a heavily damaged building in Aleppo on May 26.
An injured man lies in a hospital bed after alleged airstrikes by government forces in Aleppo on Sunday, May 18.
Buildings in Homs, Syria, lie in ruins Saturday, May 10, days after an evacuation truce went into effect. Thousands of displaced residents returned to the city.
Rescuers carry a man wounded by a mine in the Bustan al-Diwan neighborhood of Homs on May 10.
A Syrian woman carries a suitcase along a street in the Juret al-Shayah district of Homs on May 10.
Residents carry their belongings in the al-Hamidieh neighborhood of Homs on May 10.
A woman injured when a mine went off is carried in Homs on May 10.
Residents return to damaged dwellings in Homs on May 10.
Debris lies on a deserted street in Homs on Thursday, May 8.
A mosque is seen through shattered glass in Homs, where an evacuation truce went into effect on Wednesday, May 7.
A wounded man is treated at a makeshift hospital in Aleppo on Sunday, May 4.
Debris rises in what Free Syrian Army fighters said was an operation to strike a checkpoint and remove government forces in Maarat al-Numan, Syria, on Monday, May 5.
A man helps a woman through debris after reported airstrikes by government forces on Thursday, May 1, in the Halak neighborhood of Aleppo.
Syrians gather at the site of reported airstrikes in Aleppo on May 1. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 33 civilians were killed in the attack.
A woman runs after two barrel bombs were thrown, reportedly by forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Aleppo on May 1.
A boy runs in Aleppo on Sunday, April 27, after what activists said were explosive barrels thrown by forces loyal to al-Assad.
Security and emergency medical personnel work at the site of a car bomb explosion Monday, April 14, in the Ekremah neighborhood of Homs.
In this photo released by the state-run SANA news agency, Syrian forces take positions during clashes with rebels near the town of Rankous, Syria, on Sunday, April 13.
Flames engulf a vehicle following a car bomb Wednesday, April 9, in the Karm al-Loz neighborhood of Homs.
A man carries a child who was found in the rubble of an Aleppo building after it was reportedly bombed by government forces on Monday, March 18.
An elderly man and a child walk among debris in a residential block of Aleppo on March 18.
A woman with blood on her face carries a child following a reported airstrike by government forces Saturday, March 15, in Aleppo.
People attempt to comfort a man in Aleppo after a reported airstrike by government forces on Sunday, March 9.
Buildings in Homs lay in ruins on March 9.
Syrian forces fire a cannon and a heavy machine gun loaded on a truck as they fight rebels in the Syrian town of Zara on Saturday, March 8.
A handout photo released by SANA shows Syrian President Bashar al-Assad speaking March 8 during a meeting in Damascus to mark the 51st anniversary of the 1963 revolution, when Baath Party supporters in the Syrian army seized power. Al-Assad said the country will go on with reconciliation efforts along with its fight against terrorism.
Syrians inspect the rubble of destroyed buildings in Aleppo following a reported airstrike by Syrian government forces on Friday, March 7.
People dig through the rubble of a building in Damascus that was allegedly hit by government airstrikes on Thursday, February 27.
A boy walks ahead of men carrying the body of his mother in Aleppo on Saturday, February 22. According to activists, the woman was killed when explosive barrels were thrown by forces loyal to al-Assad.
A man holds a baby who survived what activists say was an airstrike by al-Assad loyalists Friday, February 14, in Aleppo.
In this photo provided by the anti-government activist group Aleppo Media Center, Syrian men help survivors out of a building in Aleppo after it was bombed, allegedly by a Syrian regime warplane on Saturday, February 8.
Syrians gather at a site hit by barrel bombs, allegedly dropped by a regime helicopter on the opposition-controlled Mesekin Hananu district of Aleppo on February 8.
In this handout photo released by the state-run SANA news agency on February 8, civilians wave national flags in Damascus as they take part in a rally in support of President al-Assad.
A man stands next to debris in the road following a reported airstrike by Syrian government forces in Aleppo on February 8.
Medical personnel look for survivors after a reported airstrike in Aleppo on Saturday, February 1.
Syrians carry a dead body following an airstrike on February 1.
A man walks amid debris and dust on January 31.
An injured man is covered in dust after an airstrike on January 29.
A man tries to fix electrical wires in Aleppo on January 27.
Rebels and civilians check out a crater that activists say resulted from a Syrian government airstrike on an Aleppo bus station on Tuesday, January 21.
Men rush to a site that Syrian government forces reportedly hit in Aleppo on January 21.
Buildings lie in ruins in Aleppo on Sunday, January 19, after reported air raids by Syrian government planes.
A child collects items from a garbage pile in Douma, northeast of the capital, on Saturday, January 18.
A piece of exploded mortar lies in a street in Daraya, a Syrian city southwest of Damascus, on Friday, January 17.
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
Syrian civil war in 2014
HIDE CAPTION

Sensex ends day 431 points down: 5 reasons why markets crackedBank GAIL Tata Motors Tata Power Tata Steel
(Major losers which dragged…)
The Indian markets took a severe beating in today's trade; with the benchmark Sensex slipping over 450 points in intraday trade.
Major losers which dragged indices down were ONGC , RIL, SBI, Sun Pharma, L&T, Cipla , Infosys , ICICI Bank , GAIL , Tata Motors, Tata Power, Tata Steel and TCS.
Here are five reasons that could have led to the fall on Dalal Street:
1) FII woes: Brokers told PTI that the stock market turned volatile and participants preferred to offload positions on reports that foreign funds, which was a major force behind the recent bull run, have slowed down buying on the Indian bourses even turning net sellers, mainly dampened the trading sentiments.
2) F&O expiry: The market always remains volatile ahead of F&O expiry which is due on September 25 (Thursday). This is because traders roll over positions in the futures & options (F&O) segment from the near month September 2014 series to October 2014 series, say analysts.
3) Economic woes: Manufacturing PMI for Germany, Europe's largest economy , slumped to 50.3, its lowest reading since June 2013; and below all forecasts in a Reuters poll of 32 economists, while a services industry PMI for France , the bloc's second-biggest economy, faltered after just two months in growth territory, reports the agency.
Stock markets in London, Frankfurt and Paris fell 1, 0.8 and 1.3 per cent, respectively, as new tax pressures hit pharma and tobacco firms.
4) Global tensions: Problems like conflict in Ukraine, sanctions on Russia and Hungary's crackdown on banks, are in turn hitting Western companies, reports PTI.
Meanwhile, Syria said on Tuesday that Israel had shot down a its warplane in what it described as an act of aggression, confirming the first such incident in three decades.
5) Weak Asian markets: Emerging market shares tumbled to new three-month lows on Tuesday, unimpressed by an uptick in Chinese factory data and focusing instead on the lacklustre growth outlook in Europe and the developing world.
South Korea and Taiwan , which together make up a quarter of the emerging index, fell 0.5 per cent taking MSCI's emerging equity benchmark down half a per cent.
"We are still dealing with the idea that emerging markets growth remains underwhelming and export growth is weak," Manik Narain, a strategist at UBS , told Reuters.
He estimates that emerging markets' growth rate premium compared to developed peers had shrunk to an 11-year low.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian Spacecraft on Course to Enter Mars  OrbitAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Chimps raised as pets and performers suffer long-term social handicapsBy Rachel Feltman September 23 Follow @rachelfeltman
Chimps that spend more time with humans don't learn social grooming -- and that's not good. (Lincoln Park Zoo)
When chimps are raised as pets, they lose their ability to form strong social bonds with other members of their own species -- even if they appear to thrive in sanctuaries as adults.
It goes without saying that a chimpanzee raised to interact with humans will act differently than other chimps. But according to new research, those effects can last for decades after a chimp is moved to a healthy sanctuary — and being the pet of a loving family (which is legal in most states) could actually be worse for the animals than working as performers.
In a new study  published in PeerJ, researchers at the Lincoln Park Zoo attempt to move beyond categorizing chimps as either "human reared" or "mother reared." Instead, they looked at a full spectrum of chimp vs. human interaction. On one end of the spectrum, chimps were completely isolated from members of their own species for the first four years of life, living instead with humans. On the other, they had little or no interaction with humans.
It wasn't all bad news: Surprisingly, the researchers didn't find increased aggression or anxiety in the chimps towards the human end of the spectrum. But they saw big differences in social grooming behavior (that is, where chimps groom each other), which scientists believe to be of incredible importance in chimpanzee communities.
Through his program ChimpCARE, Ross tries to put former pets in normal chimpanzee communities. (Lincoln Park Zoo)
"Honestly, it's surprising that we saw any differences at all, given that some of them had been in healthy social groups for decades," lead researcher and director of the Fisher Center for the Study and Conservation of Apes at Lincoln Park Zoo Steve Ross said, "but the biggest difference was definitely in rates of social grooming, and that was disturbing to see."
For chimps, grooming is an expression of friendship and a way of getting to know new individuals. To a chimp, Ross said, a failure to reciprocate grooming behavior would be like a failed attempt at a handshake in the human world. "If you ignored someone reaching out for a handshake, there'd be this strange tension," he said. "And chimps can be very aggressive when that kind of tension arises, so you don't want that happening."
To Ross and his colleagues, the study drives home the point that keeping a pet chimp can be ill-advised. "Even performers tend to be less influenced by humans than pets are, because if a company is training animals for commercials or TV, they rarely just have one chimp," Ross said. "Opposition to chimpanzee ownership usually focuses on short-term outcomes, like how well they're being treated in captivity. But to people that take them on after, it's clear that the effects can last much longer."
And unfortunately, chimps usually become too large and aggressive to keep in the home. When kept as pets into their adulthood, they can become a serious threat to their owners' safety. Removal to a sanctuary is the best practice, and Ross has transferred more than 30 primates from private homes and businesses to healthy habitats through his program ChimpCARE .
"We're trying to find new homes for a lot of these ex-private chimps," he said, "but the fact of the matter is that they come with challenges."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Google India: Partnering with Modi govt to accelerate Digital India programmeDigital India programme
("E-commerce will be a $4…)
NEW DELHI: As Google India partners PM Narendra Modi-led NDA government for the 'Digital India' push, Rajan Anandan , MD of the internet giant's India division told ET Now that the company is focussed on improving internet access.
"We will be partnering with the Government of India to help accelerate their agenda around Digital India," he said. "One big pillar is making sure that hundreds of millions of Indian women get online and by being online they get empowered, are able improve to their livelihoods," he elaborated.
Another area of focus for Google as a part of the initiative is to build the non-English internet user base. "Only 150 million Indians are proficient in English. Almost 1.1 billion people are not proficient in English. We are very focussed on improving access, so we launched speech in Hindi," Anandan said. "We have launched nine open source fonts in Hindi. We will do many things around Hindi as well as other major Indian languages to build the non-English internet so that internet becomes very helpful," he added.
Talking about internet penetration in India, Anandan said, "The Indian internet is equivalent to where the Chinese internet was in the year 2006, maybe 2007. We are about seven years behind China when it comes to internet penetration, internet commerce, internet advertising."
Drawing a parallel between test cricket and internet use in India, he said, "We are still in the first over of a test match. The best is yet to come." "You will see a 10-fold, maybe a 100-fold increase in the activity both in terms of funding companies, number of companies, quality of companies," he added.
Asked about how Google India plans to capitalise on the e-commerce boom, Anandan said, "Our role is very focussed on helping these e-commerce companies get in touch with the users." "We will also work on ecosystem initiatives," he said.
"E-commerce this year will be about a $4 billion industry. That number will go to $50 billion by 2020. That is only six years away. It is a sector that is very exciting," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yara in merger talks with CF IndustriesYara in merger talks with CF Industries
By Emiko Terazono in London and Richard Milne in Oslo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29b454f6-42fe-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Did Barack Obama just crack down on tax inversions  or whatBorders
September 23, 2014
The recent spate of tax inversions—US companies merging with a foreign firm, then moving their headquarters overseas to avoid American taxes—has the Obama administration worked up about the eroding US tax base. After giving up on all hope that Congress will act expeditiously, the Treasury department has changed the way it interprets tax law in an attempt to unilaterally “make inversions substantially less economically appealing,” in the technocratic language of Treasury Secretary Jack Lew.
What’s the play here? There are two key provisions:
Foreign companies need to own more… sort of. The simplest way to crack down on tax-only inversions is make sure that foreign citizens actually own a majority of the company. Only Congress can do that, however, so Treasury is left tightening down on the existing rule—right now, companies can invert if foreign stockholders own more than 20% of the company. But now the US government is making it harder by not counting “passive assets” like cash or securities in the company’s value. They also won’t allow big dividends before an inversion to shrink the firm, or so-callled “spinversions,” taking a foreign subsidiary public to switch tax jurisdictions.
If you invert, you can’t get at your cash so easily. The point of an inversion is to have your cake and eat it too—obtain a foreign tax rate but also freely use foreign cash you’ve moved abroad to avoid US taxes before the inversion. But the loopholes that make this possible are now being tightened: Inverted companies won’t be able to make interest-free loans back to their US subsidiaries with foreign cash, or use certain restructuring techniques to move un-taxed cash stockpiles to the new foreign holding company.
Both these provisions make inversions harder, but they won’t block them, as Treasury concedes. It’s not even clear that the provisions will stopped the inversions that have been in the news this year but have yet to close, like Medtronic and Chiquita to Ireland, AbbVie to England, Burger King to Canada; the companies say they are examining the new rules. Deals that have closed are in the clear: The rules are explicitly not retroactive, which Republicans warned would galvanize their opposition.
This decision, while it will tilt the scale against inversions and may be the best the executive branch can do alone, isn’t an iron curtain.
The two provisions regarded as most powerful when it comes to blocking inversions—raising the amount of required foreign ownership, and judging the companies’ tax jurisdiction by where its management actually works—can only be done if legislators change the law. Then there’s the fact that congressional gridlock around tax reform created the massive stockpiles of overseas cash that make tax inversions so tempting. That cash will only stop flowing overseas, through inversions or plain old profit-shifting, when Congress decides to do something about it.
Share this:

Govt to spend around Rs 33 000 cr on broadband in 3 years: GargGovt to spend around Rs 33,000 cr on broadband in 3 years: Garg
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 23:  
Government plans to spend around Rs 33,000 crore over next 3 years on broadband projects, a top official said here on Tuesday.
“Government will be spending approximately Rs 33,000 crore in coming three years in these (National Optical Fibre Network, Government Users Network, etc.) programme,” Telecom Secretary Rakesh Garg said at an Assocham event.
While government has already approved Rs 21,000 crore for NOFN which aims to connect all 2.5 lakh village panchayat by March 2017, funds for GUN that will be used to deliver broadband service are yet to be approved by the Cabinet.
As per initial estimates, the capital expenditure for GUN is estimated to around Rs 4,942 crore and operational expense (opex) of Rs 2,472 crore per annum will be required.
The estimates have been sent to Expenditure Finance Committee for clearance after which it will be placed before the Cabinet for final nod.
Garg said the survey of about 2 lakh village panchayats has been completed and the work will be expedited as the rainy season is now over.
“We believe that by end of this financial, we will be completing more than 50,000 village panchayats,” Garg said.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

UK mortgage approvals fall in AugustUK mortgage approvals fall in August
By Sarah O’Connor, Economics Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/27a5e286-4314-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

I don t aspire to become Maharashtra CM: Uddhav Thackeray49
0
Mumbai: A fortnight after openly voicing his desire to become Chief Minister, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Tuesday said he has no such ambition.
"Today people from the Varkari Samaj have come to my house to bless me and support Shiv Sena for the upcoming Assembly polls. The love that I have been showered with is enough for me. I do not aspire to become the CM of Maharashtra," Thackeray said.
He was addressing a gathering of people from the Varkari sect, devotees of Lord Vittal, who have declared support for Shiv Sena in the elections.
The Shiv Sena president, in the same breath, had also said he was not dreaming of the Chief Minister's post, but will not shy away from responsibility.
#uddhav thackeray #shiv sena #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra
"Everyone wants to be the CM and people fight for the chair. But see how fortunate I am. I do not want the crown on my head, yet people want to see me as the CM. This love has to be earned," he said.
Though Shiv Sena has been pitching strongly for Uddhav as Chief Ministerial candidate of the saffron alliance, BJP has not been enthusiastic about it with its leaders maintaining a decision on who would occupy the post will be taken after the polls.
Attending an event organised by a TV news channel on September 13, Uddhav had expressed his desire to become the Chief Minister for the first time from a public platform.
"I want the people to give me a chance and they will not be given a chance to complain," he had said.
The Shiv Sena president, in the same breath, had also said he was not dreaming of the Chief Minister's post, but will not shy away from responsibility.
"These days Chief Ministers do not understand people's problems. They only make aerial visits and fly to the annual Pandharpur Yatra. They secretly pray to save their seats while declare publicly that they have prayed for a happy state," he said, apparently taking a dig at Congress Chief Ministers who attend the congregation of Varkaris at the pilgrim town in Solapur district every year.
He also made a veiled attack on his estranged cousin and MNS leader Raj Thackeray.
"It's time for a pitched battle with Congress and NCP. There is a third slot as well. I hope that slot is never filled. But if the need arises, we will rise against them (MNS) as well," Thackeray said.
2

US may sue to stop US Foods acquisitionFTC may sue to stop US Foods acquisition
A US. Foods truck is shown on delivery in in San Diego in this file photo
MIKE BLAKE, REUTERS
Dining and Drinking Antitrust Issues Federal Trade Commission
FTC mulling antitrust lawsuit against Sysco, US Foods deal
The Federal Trade Commission is considering a possible antitrust lawsuit against Sysco Corp's $3.5 billion deal to buy Rosemont-based US Foods, The Wall Street Journal reported Monday, citing people with knowledge of the matter.
The FTC has been investigating the proposed merger, which was announced in December and would combine the only two food suppliers with a nationwide reach.
U.S. Foods being acquired by Sysco for $3.5 billion Open link
The consumer protection watchdog is also mulling alternatives such as mandating Sysco and US Foods to divest assets to competitors, the report said .
The antitrust concerns focus on whether the merger will drive up costs for thousands of restaurants, hospitals and hotels that they supply on nationwide contracts.
The commission is expected to make a decision within weeks on whether to block the deal, the report said.

Ajit Singh vacates house  says protests to continueAjit Singh vacates house, protests to continue
Sahil Makkar | New Delhi Sep 24, 2014 12:39 AM IST
Former civil aviation minister Ajit Singh on Tuesday decided to vacate the 12, Tughlaq Road, bungalow that has been with his family for 36 years.
“I am vacating today. But the government is yet to take charge,” Singh, president of the Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD), told Business Standard. The days leading to the surrender of this bungalow were not easy for Singh or for the Union government. For the past few days, Singh’s supporters, mostly farmers from western Uttar Pradesh where Singh’s family holds sway over a large number of people from the Jat community, have been agitating against his eviction. The protest turned ugly when some of them threatened to cut the water supply to Delhi. On Tuesday, many were held while trying to hold a mahapanchyat at 12, Tughlaq Road.
“The protest will continue till the government heeds our demand,” Singh said. The protesters are demanding that the bungalow be converted to a memorial in the name of Singh’s father Chaudhary Charan Singh, a former prime minister.
The government has denied the request citing a 2000 Cabinet decision and a Supreme Court judgment of May 2013, banning new memorials in New Delhi’s Lutyens Bungalow Zone.“In the last 10 years, the government created four memorials. The Indira Gandhi Memorial came up just four years ago, and the Babu Jagjivan Ram Memorial is not even a few months old. The others were the Lal Bahadur Shastri and the Kanshi Ram memorials. We are demanding a memorial on similar lines,” Singh said.
Allottees of bungalows in the Lutyens zone are supposed to vacate their houses within 15 days of being served a notice or pay market rent of between Rs 2 lakh and Rs 6.5 lakh a month. Recently, former Union minister Kapil Sibal rented private accommodation for Rs 16 lakh a month.
Asked why he did not raise the demand for a memorial when he was a minister in the previous Congress-led United Progressive Alliance government, Singh said: “My house was always open for farmers from across the country. Farmers will no longer have a house in Delhi. It is not that I am going to stay in the house. Babu Jagjivan Ram’s daughter, Meira Kumar, does not stay in the same bungalow. It will be given to a trust or non-profit organisation.” “Our demand has been supported by Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Hooda and others. The government should not have a problem. Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu’s words have hurt us the most.”
Naidu had rejected the demand outright. “We are inundated with such demands but we do not have a single bungalow to spare. It is already so difficult to meet demands for accommodating ministers, judges, heads of constitutional authorities, commissions and senior bureaucrats,” said a high-ranking government official who refused to be quoted.
This view is backed by previous instances of governments leveraging bungalows for political gains. According to The Indian Express, in 2012 the Cabinet Committee on Accommodation (CCA), then headed by Congress troubleshooter Kamal Nath, had cleared within a day Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati’s plea for the use of three adjoining bungalows on Gurudwara Rakabganj Road as a memorial to party founder Kanshi Ram. It was reportedly done to get the BSP chief’s support in the Lok Sabha on foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail. In a similar fashion, 12, Krishna Menon Marg, was given to the Babu Jagjivan Ram Trust as a memorial to the Dalit leader.

Omar govt seeks help from Kolkata-based firm to build bridges in flood-hit PoonchPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: September 23, 2014 6:49 pm
With Army troops in Jammu Kashmir running short of portable and pre-fabricated truss bridges to restore damaged road links in the state, the Omar Abdullah government has now approached the Kolkata based Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Ltd – a Central government undertaking, for construction of at least four large bailey bridges in border Poonch district.
Pointing out that there were still four major bridges washed away in recent floods in the border Poonch district, Divisional Commissioner, Jammu, Shantmanu said, “We had written to the Army for launching bailey bridges at those places until their reconstruction by the Public Works Department. However, the later expressed its inability saying that they have already utilized whatsoever such bridges were available with it for restoring road links at other places in the state.”
Finally, the state government decided to approach Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers (GRSE) Ltd as it also has bailey bridges at its disposal. “The GRSE officials accepted our request, but they only wanted exemption in toll tax and other duties on material transported by them into the state. Accordingly, the state government issued exemption orders,” he said, adding that the latter had on Monday dispatched the on material required for construction of bailey bridges into the state.
To restore road link damaged by floods, the Army has constructed at least half a dozen bailey bridges, including the 180 ft longest one at Ans river, in Jammu region alone. This is apart from a number of bailey bridges constructed by it during the last fortnight in flood ravaged Valley as well.
Giving the final reports emerging across Jammu region a fortnight after the flood fury, the worst ever in last 60 years in the state, Shantmanu said that a total of 213 people have died and nearly 40,000 houses damaged across Jammu region alone. Of these, nearly 15,000 houses were fully damaged, he said, adding that the death toll includes even the victims of Nowshera bus mishap and Pancheri landslides whose bodies were yet to be recovered.
While 64 baratis travelling in a bus had washed away in a swollen nullah near Nowshera in Rajouri district, 37 people were buried alive along with the houses under a landslide at Saddal near Pancheri area of Udhampur district. Of them, while 52 bodies of the baratis have been recovered, only 13 have been retrieved from under the landslides in Pancheri so far.
Pointing out that districts worst hit by floods and incessant rains were Poonch, Rajouri and Reasi, he said that a large number of bridges had been damaged at these places. Though most of them have been restored by army troops and the state government, there were still 35 foot bridges washed away in floods in Poonch district. Their reconstruction by state government was not possible until it gets special funds from the Centre.
There were also nearly 200 government buildings damaged in Poonch and Rajouri districts, besides Mahore in Reasi district. Most of them were, however, school buildings, he said, that except for two or three, the other continued…

Once buoyant markets face fresh threatsStocks, once buoyant, face fresh threats
By: Adam Shell September 23, 2014 9:26 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
The U.S. stock market, which late last week seemed to be cruising along and climbing to ever-higher altitudes, is suddenly showing signs of fragility.
All looked swell for stock investors after the stock market dodged a trio of major risks last week. Fears of an earlier-than-expected interest rate hike from the Federal Reserve were calmed by a dovish Fed chair Janet Yellen last Wednesday. The potential fallout from Scotland exiting the United Kingdom never came to fruition after the Scots voted against independence Thursday. And Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba ( BABA ) delivered on its Day 1 IPO hype Friday with a 38% rally.
But the tone of the market has suffered a complete about face since early Friday when the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index hit an intraday record high of 2019.26. The benchmark large-cap index has tumbled 1.2% since then, and the more aggressive parts of the market, such as small-cap stocks and tech stocks in the Nasdaq composite, have tumbled even more.
In early trading Tuesday on Wall Street the Dow Jones industrial average was down 41 points, or 0.2% to 17,131. The S&P 500 was 5 points lower, or 0.3%, to 1989, and the Nasdaq was off 11 points, or 0.3%, to 4516.
As a result, calls for a market pullback are growing louder and more frequent.
What changed:
1. Talk of Alibaba-led top.
Market skeptics warned that the hype over the Alibaba IPO could be telegraphing a stock market top. The weak stock market action since early Friday does little to torpedo that bearish prediction.
While nobody knows for sure if Friday’s early surge and resulting intraday record did indeed mark a market top, it sure had all the ingredients of a classic short-term peak, says Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives at the Schwab Center for Financial Research.
“(The) market action on Friday … appeared to be a classic ‘blow-off’ top,” says Frederick. As a result, he says traders should prepare themselves for a potential market pullback of 3% to 5% in the near term.
2. Turbulence under market surface.
Small stocks won the Wall Street performance derby last year, with the Russell 2000 small-cap index gaining 37% vs. a gain of 29.6% for the large-company S&P 500. But the small fries are this year’s biggest laggards and, as a result, the market has lost its market leader.
Heading into Tuesday’s trading, the Russell 2000 was 6.6% below its March 4 record close of 1208.65. After Monday’s 1.5% slide to 1129.36, the small-company index is down 2.9% in 2014.
And while the S&P 500 is still up 7.9%  for the year after Monday’s sell-off, and is down just 0.8% from last Thursday’s record close of 2011.36, there is fear that it, too, is under selling pressure and will give up a chunk of its recent gains. Declining stocks swamped rising stocks by a 9-to-1 margin Monday, according to Strategas Research Partners.
“It has felt to us for some time that we are entering a correction or bear market,” says Patrick Adams, a money manager at Choice Investment Management. “Smaller companies have performed poorly this year.”
But what worries Adams is there is more weakness below the surface of the major indexes. The losses of individual stocks are adding up, despite the fact that the broad S&P 500 remains near record highs. In other words, fewer stocks are doing well. Commodities, such as oil and copper, have also been hit hard amid signs that the economy in China is slowing.
“The market is getting narrow and losing breadth,” says Adams. “It sure feels like a down move in the market or it will occur soon.”
3. Threats from abroad return.
The U.S. announced that it has started airstrikes in Syria targeted at the Islamic State. While markets have shrugged off geopolitical flareups in Ukraine, Gaza and to this point Iraq and Syria, it is unclear how long investors can ignore the growing threats from abroad.
“The Dow is set to open in the red following news that the U.S., Saudi Arabia and several other nations carried out airstrikes against Islamic State militants in Syria last night,” said Alex Eppstein at Schaeffer’s Investment Research.
Citi strategist Tina Fordham wondered aloud in a research note how long markets can shrug off geopolitical turmoil.
“In the short-term, we think investor indifference to geopolitical risks is largely justified,” Fordham told clients. “But given deteriorating security and political fundamentals, and the prospect of waning (Fed asset purchases), this is unlikely to last.”
The mood on Wall Street has also been hurt by fears that China’s economy may be slowing more than expected, as well as the U.S. Treasury’s announcement last night that it was taking steps to close tax-related loopholes that will make it harder for U.S. companies to move their operations abroad in an effort to pay less U.S. taxes, a practice known as a “tax inversion.”

Tata AutoComp inks 50:50 JV with Canada s Magna IntlSep 23, 2014, 07.07 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Tata AutoComp inks 50:50 JV with Canada's Magna Intl
The JV will be focused on delivering innovative seating systems to commercial vehicle manufacturers as well as buses, the Tata Group promoted firm said in a statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tata AutoComp inks 50:50 JV with Canada's Magna Intl
The JV will be focused on delivering innovative seating systems to commercial vehicle manufacturers as well as buses, the Tata Group promoted firm said in a statement.
Post your opinion here
 
&nbsp;Tata AutoComp Systems has inked a pact with Canada-based Magna International Inc to form a 50:50 joint venture (JV) to provide seating systems to the commercial vehicle industry in the country.
The JV will be focused on delivering innovative seating systems to commercial vehicle manufacturers as well as buses, the Tata Group promoted firm said in a statement. "This partnership with Magna will expand our portfolio to now bring the latest in seating systems to the Indian commercial vehicle industry," Tata AutoComp Systems MD & CEO Ajay Tandon said.
Also read: Tata brand to keep benefitting its group companies: Moody's
Magna Seating President Mike Bisson said the combination of Magna's seating expertise and Tata AutoComp's knowledge of the Indian market provides both companies an opportunity for growth in the commercial vehicle market.
"Leveraging our expertise in automotive seating and delivering it to the commercial vehicle market in India is an important part of our global growth strategy," Magna Seating Vice President Deepak Nagaraja said.
Magna has 317 manufacturing operations and 83 product development, engineering and sales centres in 29 countries. The company's product capabilities include producing body, chassis, interior, exterior, seating, powertrain, electronic, vision, closure and roof systems and modules, as well as complete vehicle engineering and contract manufacturing.
The JV will be headquartered in Pune and will supply seating systems to customers in the country.
RELATED NEWS

Railway Minister  senior officials to pick up brooms for Oct 2 cleaning driveSep 23, 2014 at 06:47pm IST
Railway Minister, senior officials to pick up brooms for Oct 2 cleaning drive
16
0
New Delhi: Gearing up to be part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Swachchh Bharat Mission', Railways have identified 119 stations to be spruced up by its specially designated staff across the country on October 2.
While Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda will lead from the front by himself picking up the broom during the drive in what could be termed as one of its kind massive cleanliness campaign, all Railway Board members and senior officials including Chairman Railway Board Arunendra Kumar will join the "shramdaan" (voluntary labour) on Gandhi Jayanti Day at different stations across the country.
The cleanliness campaign will be kicked off at around 8 AM and will be carried out at stations, trains, track, offices, workshops, colonies involving railway officers and staff, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
Cleanliness is a major issue for Railways as majority of the complaints are either related to unclean coaches and platforms or catering service.
#railway minister #railway #october 2 #swachchh bharat mission
According to the instructions given to all Railway zones and divisions, the Ministry has sought involvement of all the railwaymen in the cleanliness campaign.
The services of NGOs, NCC, schools, scouts and guides have also been roped in to make the campaign a success story, he said.
Cleanliness is a major issue for Railways as majority of the complaints are either related to unclean coaches and platforms or catering service.
"We have received a large number of complaints on cleanliness issues at stations and in trains. A series of steps have been taken to improve cleanliness and we have earmarked 40 per cent more fund allocations than the last year for this," he said.
Ahead of Gandhi Jayanti, the Ministry will also launch an awareness campaign to keep rail premises clean. However, the official said the drive will focus more on "shramdaan" rather than just awareness campaign and all senior officers of the Board have been assigned various zones and divisions for participation and monitoring the campaign.
Railways is also planning to create a separate department for stations level to Board level to keep up the cleanliness drive as multiple agencies are involved in it.
2

Radio City to invest up to Rs 400 crore on FM service expansionSep 23, 2014 at 06:41pm IST
Radio City to invest up to Rs 400 crore on FM service expansion
10
0
New Delhi: Private FM operator Radio City plans to invest up to Rs 400 crore to double its stations to 40 after Phase III auctions later this year and renewal of current licences.
"We would be doubling after radio station to up to 40 from our present 20 stations after the Phase 3 auctions," Radio City CEO Apurva Purohit said. On the investments for the new stations, she said: "It would take around Rs 300 crore to Rs 400 crore. This would also include licence renewals of old stations" The leading FM radio broadcaster will spend on average Rs 20 crore per station on raising new infrastructure.
The Information and Broadcasting Ministry is planning to get over 200 more cities covered by private FM channels under the phase-III expansion for which over 800 FM channels will be auctioned across cities.
"We would be doubling after radio station to up to 40 from our present 20 stations after the Phase 3 auctions," Radio City CEO Apurva Purohit said.
Auctions are expected to be completed by December. "After getting delayed for almost three years, now things are moving in last 3-4 months under the regime of the new government. Lots of work is now happening on that front,"
Purohit said.
She added that the ministry has also accepted the recommendations of the sectoral regulator TRAI on increasing licence period as well as the migration fee formula. On the time that Radio City would take to raise new infrastructure, Purohit said: "If we get government support in terms of infrastructure as towers etc, then we would start in 3-5 months. If not, then it would take 9 months and above... Earlier we took more time to raise infrastructure but now as we have experience, it would not take more than three months."
New radio stations would break even in up to three years and recover the cost of investment as the radio FM industry is working on good margins, Purohit. "The industry is having margins of 35 per cent and the new stations would break even and pay all debts and liability in less than three years," she said.
Radio City is promoted by Music Broadcast Private Limited (MBPL) owned by private equity firm IVF Holdings Pvt Ltd. It is present in 20 cities: Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Pune, Hyderabad, Lucknow, Jaipur, Vadodara, Surat, Sholapur, Nagpur, Sangli, Coimbatore, Vizag, Ahmednagar, Akola, Nanded and Jalgaon.
2

Japanese study for mono rail service between Bawana  GurgaonSep 23, 2014 at 06:39pm IST
Japanese study for mono rail service between Bawana, Gurgaon
9
0
New Delhi: Japan on Tuesday offered assistance in conducting a feasibility study for mono rail service on a 50-km stretch between Gurgaon on the city's outskirts and Bawana in North West Delhi.
This was conveyed during a meeting between Japan's Minister of Land, Infrastructure, Transport Akihiro Ohta and Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu.
Ohta led a 20-member delegation including senior officials from the departments of City Planning, Policy Division, Overseas Projects Division, Planning Division, Roads Bureau and Railways Bureau.
The Japanese delegation offered location specific multi- modal transport solutions encompassing metro rail, mono rail and Light Rail Transport for urban areas in India.
#bawana #gurgaon #mono rail
The Japanese delegation offered location specific multi- modal transport solutions encompassing metro rail, mono rail and Light Rail Transport for urban areas in India including "intelligent transport solutions" for smart cities proposed to be developed.
Japan has evinced keen interest in a "higher order of cooperation" with India in the urban development sector in line with "special strategic partnership" forged during the recent visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Japan.
Ohta said his visit to India is a follow up to Modi's recent visit to Japan, which he said has imparted a new dimension to the spirit of cooperation between the two sides.
Ohta said he would take personal interest in propelling cooperation with India in promoting infrastructure development in urban areas.
7

Future Group launches 1st integrated food park in KtakaFuture Group launches 1st integrated food park in Ktaka
Chinese and Indian troops in Himalayan standoffChinese and Indian troops in Himalayan standoff
Fare war: AirAsia offers tickets@Rs 690  Jet...AirAsia, Jet Airways in another fare war with Rs 690, Rs 908 fares respectively
ET Bureau Sep 23, 2014, 07.56PM IST
Tags:
AirAsia
(Customers must book till…)
MUMBAI: Jet Airways Tuesday attacked AirAsia India by offering all-inclusive fares as low as Rs 908 specifically on routes flown by the Malaysian carrier's local unit.
AirAsia retaliated later in the day undercutting Jet with flat fares starting at Rs 690, but unlike Jet, wisely kept travel dates beyond mid-January.
Jet, recently back to its number 2 position from which it was ousted in July by SpiceJet, posted its offer on Twitter earlier in the day.
The offer was on flights from Bangalore to Chennai, Chandigarh, Kochi and Jaipur the five destinations that Air Asia flies to.
Customers must book till October 5 for travel before January 15, according to more details on its website. Jet didn't announce how many tickets would be for sale.
Later, AirAsia announced it would sell 1.5 million seats on fares starting Rs 690 from Bangalore to Kochi, Goa and Chennai and Rs 2,390 to Jaipur and Chandigarh. It also launched Rs 4,999 fares from Chennai, Kochi, Trichy, Kolkata and Bangalore to Kuala Lumpur and Rs 4,500 from Chennai to Bangkok. The difference however was that this was valid for travel between January 15 and June 30.
Fare wars have been played out with unprecedented aggression this year, with airlines directly targetting specific routes either launched recently launched or promoted by its competitor.
In May, hours before AirAsia announced it would start flight bookings for maiden flights starting June 12, SpiceJet dropped fares on Bangalore-Chennai and Bangalore-Goa routes to garner traffic.
The fare wars have lead to interesting shifts in market dynamics but they have't had the crucial impact of increasing overall demand.
The latest DGCA figures for domestic air traffic showed that the number of domestic passengers between January and August only rose 5.31% to 43.3 million
Jet had been sitting out the volley of discounts and offered by low fare carriers and in August lost its number 2 position to SpiceJet.
The Naresh Goyal-controlled carrier has since given several offers starting with a 40% off on economy class fares. Last week, the carrier offered rockbottom business class fares on domestic and international flights , some even half of normal economy fares.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ETF an option for SUUTI stake sale: MayaramLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ETF an option for SUUTI stake sale: Mayaram
Specified Undertaking of UTI (SUUTI), formed in 2003, is an offshoot of erstwhile UTI. It holds 11.72 percent in Axis Bank; 11.27 percent in ITC and 8.18 percent in Larsen & Toubro.
Post your opinion here
 
The government is keeping all options open, including floating an Exchange Traded Fund, for selling stakes in companies like L&T and ITC held through SUUTI, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram said today. "All options open. We are evaluating ETF option for SUUTI stake sale. No final decision taken taken on SUUTI stake sale," Mayaram said here.
Specified Undertaking of UTI (SUUTI), formed in 2003, is an offshoot of erstwhile UTI. It holds 11.72 percent in Axis Bank ; 11.27 percent in  ITC and 8.18 percent in Larsen & Toubro . The government had sold 9 percent stake in Axis Bank held through SUUTI in March through the bulk deal on the stock exchanges.
In March, the government had successfully launched the ETF comprising shares of 10 PSUs. The ETF has registered handsome gains since its launch. The government proposes to raise Rs 15,000 crore in the current fiscal through sale of residual stakes in private companies. It plans to raise Rs 43,425 crore through stake sale in PSUs.
Axis Bank stock price
On November 21, 2014, Axis Bank closed at Rs 476.85, up Rs 10.15, or 2.17 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 485.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 215.68.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 28.47 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.75. The latest book value of the company is Rs 161.86 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.95.
RELATED NEWS

JP Morgan MF launches JPMorgan India Equity Savings FundSep 23, 2014, 07.22 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JP Morgan MF launches JPMorgan India Equity Savings Fund
JP Morgan Mutual Fund launches JPMorgan India Equity Savings Fund, an open ended equity scheme with the objective to provide capital appreciation and income distribution to the investors by using equity and equity related instruments, arbitrage opportunities, and investments in debt and money market instruments.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JP Morgan MF launches JPMorgan India Equity Savings Fund
JP Morgan Mutual Fund launches JPMorgan India Equity Savings Fund, an open ended equity scheme with the objective to provide capital appreciation and income distribution to the investors by using equity and equity related instruments, arbitrage opportunities, and investments in debt and money market instruments.
Post your opinion here
 
JP Morgan Mutual Fund  has launched a new fund as JPMorgan India Equity Savings Fund , an open ended equity scheme. The investment objective of the scheme is to provide capital appreciation and income distribution to the investors by using equity and equity related instruments, arbitrage opportunities, and investments in debt and money market instruments
The new fund offer (NFO) opens for subscription from September 22 to October 01, 2014.
During the new fund offer the scheme will offer units at Rs 10 per unit.
The scheme offers regular and direct plan with growth, dividend & bonus option. Dividend option offers payout and reinvestment option.
The minimum application amount is Rs 5000 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter.
The entry load is Nil, while exit load of 1%, if redeemed within and including 18 months from the date of allotment in respect of purchase made other than through SIP and If redeemed within and including 18 months from the date of allotment. No exit load is payable if redeemed beyond 18 months from the date of allotment.
The scheme would allocate 65%-75% of assets in equity and equity related instruments, of which 20%-35% in net long equity, 55%-90% in equity and equity derivatives (only arbitrage opportunity) with medium to high risk profile and invest 25%-35% in debt securities and money market instruments with low to medium risk profile.
The scheme will benchmarked against Crisil Liquid Fund Index and CNX Nifty.
The fund will be jointly managed by Amit Gadgil & Karan Sikka (Equity Portion) and Namdev Chougule & Ravi Ratanpal (Debt portion).
Q

BMO Harris mobile banking down for 2nd dayCustomers are ticked off over BMO Harris Web outage
Online, mobile banking back up at BMO Harris
Online and mobile banking at BMO Harris, which had been down since Monday because of  “an internal technical glitch,” were functioning again by midday Tuesday, the bank said.
"We apologize to our customers for the inconvenience, and we thank them for their patience,” said Patrick O’Herlihy, a spokesman for BMO Harris Bank. "We will continue to monitor our systems."
cComments
This was no Technical Glitch. This was the alarming news that came out on Friday regarding the 24BILLION lawsuite filed against BMO...Innnocent or guilty - they didn't want their customers transferring out! IF - there had not been that News Article - then, yes, I would have accepted that...
laurencohen

Amazon delivered 200 Xbox One units within day of launchAmazon delivered 200 Xbox One units within day of launch
Sensex tumbles 431 points to dip below 27 000-mark on Eurozone data; DLF top loserSensex tumbles 431 points to dip below 27 000-mark on Eurozone data; DLF top loser
A K Dubey gets extension as acting CMD of Coal IndiaA K Dubey gets extension as acting CMD of Coal India
Asian Games: Bindra signs off with two bronze medalsAsian Games: Bindra signs off with two bronze medals
MP to invest Rs 3 000 crore to develop 27 industrial parks: CMMP to invest Rs 3 000 crore to develop 27 industrial parks: CM
NASA sends wishes to Isro for tomorrow s crucial eventNASA sends wishes to Isro for tomorrow s crucial event
5 reasons no Indian company can be an Alibaba5 reasons no Indian company can be an Alibaba
Telangana govt sanctions Rs 4 250 cr for crop loan waiverTelangana govt sanctions Rs 4,250 cr for crop loan waiver
B Dasarath Reddy | Hyderabad Sep 23, 2014 06:50 PM IST
Telangana government on Tuesday issued the orders according the administrative sanction for Rs 4,250 crore in favour of crop loan waiver scheme.
The government yesterday announced that the the money amounting to 25% of the total crop loan liability of Rs 17,000 crore will be directly paid to banks on behalf of the farmers.
About 3.6 million farmers will benefit from the move as the bankers have also agreed to grant fresh loans by enhancing the scale of finance over and above the amount equivalent to the money being paid by the government, according to the authorities.

Enterprise  entrepreneurship  facilitation make a country: Ravi Shankar PrasadQuattro CMD Raman Roy on leveraging offshore investments
One of the major contributors in making Quattro Global Services' business worth $20 billion, CMD Raman Roy says Quattro wants to be the company which brings offshore capabilities, manage services alongwith platforms to the mid-market, which lacks the technology needed to leverage offshore components.
How New Delhi Centre for Sight is growing pan-India
The New Delhi Centre for Sight, which became a specialised eye care centre in 2001-02, aims to become the largest opthalmology centre in India and abroad by 2020. Chairman and Medical Director Dr Mahipal S Sachdev says the super-speciality eye care centre has close to 50 outlets in the country.
How Monarch Catalyst fulfills its environmental responsibility
One of the foremost companies to turn waste into resourceful raw  materials, Monarch Catalyst's most recent effort is that of  environmental effectiveness. The company plans to optimise its  electricity usage by bringign it down by at least 25 per cent, says  Director Krishnan Muthukumar.

Chef Rohit Gambhir on the changing Indian palateChef Rohit Gambhir on the changing Indian palate
September 9, 2014
Executive Chef of Oberoi Hotel Rohit Gambhir speaks about the customized menu and cuisine for people of different tastes.

Credit Suisse Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion Chargecredit suisse pleads guilty to tax evasion charge
Drug makers are taking on China with innovationStory
Chemistry Champs
Not all Indian bulk drug makers are reeling before the Chinese onslaught. Some have honed their processes to become world leaders in niche areas.
E. Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Edition: Sept 28, 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
When M Narayana Reddy set up Virchow Laboratories in Hyderabad in 1981 to make Sulfamethoxazole, an antibacterial drug used as a low-cost, broad-spectrum antibiotic, there were 30 others in that city alone making the same product. Today, Virchow Labs, the flagship company of the Rs 2,000 crore Virchow Group which makes numerous drugs, drug intermediates and biopharmaceuticals, is the biggest producer of Sulfamethoxazole in the world, manufacturing around 9,000 tonnes per annum.
"There is no other company making it except one in China. But that one can barely meet 50 per cent of the Chinese domestic requirement. All the rest, across the world, is supplied by us," says Reddy. The starting point for Sulfamethoxazole are substances as common as sugar and sulphur.
How did Virchow thrive while all the others fell by the wayside? Over the years many found the making of Sulfamethoxazole uneconomical and faced declining profit margins. They turned to making other products with higher margins. But Reddy saw every such setback as a challenge and looked for ways to become more efficient, altering his production processes in many small ways so his margins were not affected.
Most air-conditioners, for instance, use compressors. Reddy, instead, installed the more economical vapour absorption chillers in his plant - which run on steam that would otherwise have been wasted. He brought in fuel efficient boilers instead of ordinary ones. He set up a captive power plant which not only generated power for his unit but also produced high pressure steam for use in the manufacturing process.
"Each time a company stopped production I would proportionately increase my capacity, and invest all my profit either in advanced equipment that would get us tax benefits, or in other ways which improved efficiency," says Reddy. What also helped was that Sulfamethoxazole, though an old product, continues to be in use - patients have not developed resistance to it as often happens with antibiotics. It is used in combination with a small quantity of Trimethoprim, which Virchow also produces. The drug is sold as Septran by GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals  and as Bactrim by Roche. Indeed, this range of antibiotics is now even being considered as a second line of treatment for AIDS.
Reddy's success with Sulfamethoxazole is not unique, though it bucks the prevailing trend. Increasingly, faced with stiff competition from China, Indian bulk drug makers - those who produce the so-called Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) that go into the making of finished medicines which the trade calls 'formulations' - are shrinking or abandoning their business. Chinese bulk drug makers, with the active support of the state, have built gigantic capacities which allow them economies of scale their Indian counterparts cannot match.
VIDEO: Virchow MD on the company's growth, future plans and more
Most Indian formulation makers prefer to import bulk drugs from China because it is cheaper to do so, and in fact, in the last few years, have become heavily dependent on Chinese imports. A report in July this year by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM) notes: "This lack of self-sufficiency poses significant risk? Any deterioration in the relationship with China can potentially result in severe shortages in the supply of essential drugs to the country. Additionally, China could easily increase prices of some of the drugs where it enjoys a virtual monopoly."
Process innovation, as Reddy's Virchow has shown, is the way out, but only a handful of bulk drug makers have been able to succeed at it so far. Another is the Rs 11,086-crore Lupin Ltd , the largest producer of Lisinopril in the world, used in the treatment of high blood pressure and sold to around 30 pharma companies , both in India and overseas. It makes Lisinopril in both bulk drug and finished drug form as well as Lisinopril formulations. Last year, Lupin produced 105 tonnes per annum of Lisinopril API, and this year is ramping it up to 120 tonnes.
And it is not just Lisinoprils and statins (drugs used to prevent heart diseases or to check cholesterol) that Lupin leads in. "We have global scale in about a dozen products," says Kamal K. Sharma, Vice Chairman. "This has been achieved through a combination of process innovation, project management - the speed and economy with which a project is executed - and productivity enhancements, controlling the cycle time while at the same time keeping an eye on by product recovery, quality and cost." He maintains that Lupin looks at a healthy mix of "vertical integration and vertical specialisation", where the focus is on processes in which the company has an edge over others.
Another instance is the Hyderabad-based Divi's Laboratories, global leader in the manufacture of two bulk drugs: Dextromethorphan - used in cough suppressants - and Naproxen that goes into anti-arthritis formulations. "We supply 60 per cent of the world's requirement of both," says L. Kishore Babu, Chief Financial Officer. "We have markets in the US and Europe." The company can produce around 1,000 tonnes a year of Dextromethorpran and 3,000 tonnes of Naproxen, the two drugs contributing around 25 per cent to its turnover of Rs 2,500 crore.
'Each time a company stopped making Sulfamethoxazole, I would proportionately increase my capacity', shares M. NARAYANA REDDY, MD, Virchow Laboratories. (Photo: A. Prabhakar Rao)
A fourth success is Jubilant Life Sciences, a leading manufacturer of Pyridine and its numerous derivatives at its plant in Gajraula, Uttar Pradesh, about 120 km from New Delhi. These are used in the production of a range of agrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, dyes, solvents, metal finishes, fine chemicals and more, and sold to 275 customers across the globe. Pyridine is usually made from petrochemicals, but the the Rs 5,803-crore company employs agricultural feedstock instead, which makes the production process environment friendly, its carbon footprint being 46.7 per cent lower than that of manufacturers using the conventional process. With both backward and forward integration, it also produces Pyridine at the lowest cost globally. "Our manufacturing process uses ethanol, a renewable biomass, and hence our Pyridine qualifies as a green product," says Pramod Yadav, CEO (Advance Intermediates and Nutritional Products).
Is process innovation the only way to stand up to China's might? Glenn Saldanha, Chairman and Managing Director, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, believes so. "Our strength is in process chemistry and that is where India is adding most value globally," he says. "This is what we need to focus on to maintain our competitive advantage." Some others, however, fear it may not last. "While India has traditionally had its strength in process chemistry, in the last couple of years, China has overtaken India in this sphere as well," says Swati Piramal, Vice Chairperson, Piramal Enterprises. "China has invested heavily in resource building and manpower development whereas our country has gone in the reverse direction with no incentive being given to the bulk drugs industry."
Many feel the government needs to act soon to stem the Chinese bulk drugs flood. "The best way is for India to create industry clusters with state support which enjoy common, basic facilities like power at competitive prices," says Satish Reddy, President, Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (IPA) and Chairman of drug maker Dr Reddy's Laboratories. "This will induce industry to look to investing in capacities that achieve scale and reduce costs."

Commodities to invest in this festive seasonRahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Edition: September 2014
Celebrating Good Times
Indians celebrate a string of festivals between August and November. Then comes the peak marriage season. The result is the rise in demand for some farm commodities and precious metals . This makes a lot of big investors bet on these in the last five months of the year.
For instance, gold, silver and wheat prices have never fallen between August and December in the last five years.
So, as the festive season begins, we bring you the price outlook for commodities for which demand generally rises in this period.
Gold: In the last five festive seasons (August-December), gold prices rose 12.8% in 2009, 15.7% in 2010, 17% in 2011, 2.72% in 2012 and 1.23% in 2013. This year, prices have fallen 3.18% between January 1 (Rs 28,815 per 10 gm) and July 28 (Rs 27,900).
"Gold prices slid mainly due to sharp fall in demand. The demand from India and China, the world's biggest consumers, fell 35-40% and 19%, respectively," says Kunal Shah, head, commodity research, Nirmal Bang Commodities.
Latest data from the US indicate the economy there is gaining strength. This usually means a rise in demand for US dollars and fall in gold sales. This is because both these assets compete in the global markets for 'safe haven' status. A rise in demand for one is usually bad news for the other.
Experts say festive demand will rise by 10-20% in the second half of 2014. "We have seen that even a small recovery in demand in the festival season leads to a rise in prices. But we are not expecting any sharp rise. Brighter outlook for the US economy and expectation of rise in interest rates there in 2015 will keep prices in check," says Shah.
Factors that affect gold prices can be classified into traditional and non-traditional. The traditional ones include demand/supply, buying by central banks and changes in gold ETF (exchange-traded fund) holdings. The non-traditional ones are performance of bigger economies, interest rates and inflation expectations.
 
Silver: The white metal has fallen over 20% in the past one year; it was at Rs 44,360 per kg on August 1 as against Rs 56,435 per kg on September 3 last year. It has been hit far harder than gold since wheels fell off the bull market at the end of 2012, when the Fed began tapering of quantitative easing programme.
'The demand for making various dishes and sweets for festivals can push up wheat prices by 4-5% to Rs 1,690 per quintal in the second half of the year', says Nidhi Chandel, Research Associate at Globe Commodities
Fundamentally, silver lacks impetus as the US economy recovers and its appeal as a safe investment in difficult economic conditions wanes. Also, the market will factor in an early rise in interest rates, which will make many debt instruments more attractive than precious metals. Falling demand in India and China will also impact prices.
Renisha Chainani, manager, research, Edelweiss Comtrade, says silver is in a long-term downtrend. "The festive and marriage season can help, but prices have to sustain above $22 an ounce on the COMEX if they have to head towards $25. In the domestic market, if prices stay above Rs 46,000 per kg, they may rise towards Rs 50,000. If they remain below Rs 44,000, the next stop will be Rs 42,000."
The Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council data show a 17% fall in silver bar imports in June. The figure for the first quarter of the financial year is 31.15%. In a bid to reduce the current account deficit by curbing imports, the government had last year raised the import duty on silver from 6% to 10%. "Consequently, imports fell sharply," says Chainani.
 
Wheat: Wheat prices fell 4.42% to Rs 1,585 per quintal between January 1 and July 28. The main reason was comfortable stock of 39.8 million tonnes as on July 1, good arrivals during the April-May season and falling exports. According to the government, wheat production in 2013-14 was 95.8 mt, higher than the target of 92.5 mt and the previous year's production of 93.5 mt.
Still, experts are bullish on the commodity. "The demand for making various dishes and sweets for festivals can push up prices by 4-5% to Rs 1,690 per quintal in the second half of the year," says Nidhi Chandel, research associate, Globe Commodities.
"Not only this, although the impact of El Nino has dimmed, the weather phenomenon may emerge again between August and September. If that happens, sowing may be hit, leading to a price spike," says Chandel.
El Nino is caused by warming of tropical Pacific ocean. It disrupts wind flows and impacts monsoon.
"The present scenario is marked by abundant availability, large stocks and slowing exports. However, monsoon rain is likely to hit cargo movement. Prices usually firm up after August. Weather concerns cannot be wished away either. The NCDEX September contract is trading at Rs 1,600 per quintal. It has strong support at Rs 1,550 per quintal and resistance at Rs 1,660-1,690 per quintal. We expect a moderately bullish trend in the coming months," says Ajitesh Mullick, AVP, retail research, Religare Commodities.
 
Cardamom: Cardamom prices rose 33% in January-July due to export demand and shortage of quality supply from Guatemala. Also, delayed rain in the first half of 2014 led to worries about shortages, pushing up prices.
"Despite expectation of higher output in 2014, prices are expected to remain stable due to festive season and export demand. However, new arrivals are likely to cap the upside. Prices will also take cues from output in Guatemala. By the end of 2014, prices may find support around Rs 800 per kg, while resistance may be seen around Rs 1,000, on the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX)," says Naveen Mathur, associate director, commodities and currencies, Angel Commodity Broking. On August 8, cardamom was trading at Rs 915.50 per kg on the MCX.
"India's 2013 cardamom output stood at 20,000 tonnes. For 2014, the figure is estimated to be 22,000-23,000 tonnes," says Mathur.
Refined Soy Oil: India was flooded with cheap refined soy oil imports this year (86% higher in January-June compared to last year). That's why prices fell 1.62% to Rs 685.2 per 10 kg on the NCDEX between January 1 and July 28.
Experts are bullish on the commodity for the short term. Faiyaz Hudani, associate vice president, research, Kotak Commodity Services, says, "The upcoming festive and marriage season may support prices in the short term. But rise in global supply and high imports may cap the upside. Refined soy oil could trade in the range of Rs 700-600 in the next quarter. The bias will be downwards."
"The US, Brazil and Argentina, which account for 80% of the world's soybean production, are expecting a record output in 2014-15," says Hudani.
 
Click here to Enlarge
Turmeric: Prices have risen 7.96% in the spot market since the start of 2014; they were at Rs 6,114 per quintal on July 31.
A look at the futures price on July 31 shows the market is expecting a rise in prices. "The forward curve is in contango, which means the price is higher compared to the price of the near-month futures contract on the national bourse. In the long term, futures are expected to maintain support above Rs 6,000. The upside may get extended towards Rs 8,000 levels in the days to come, crossing the resistance at Rs 7,000 levels," says DK Aggarwal, chairman and managing director, SMC Investments and Advisors.
The demand for turmeric from pharmaceutical and food industries peaks between September and December. "Low supply in the market before the new crop starts coming in January and festive demand may push up prices," says Aggarwal.
In 2011-12, production was 85 lakh bags (75 kg each), a historic high. With a carry-forward stock of 15 lakh bags, availability was 10 million bags, double the domestic demand of 50 lakh bags. So, in 2012-13, the area under the crop fell. In 2014, production is likely to fall due to poor rainfall in the sowing period and low prices in the last season.
 
Sugar: The demand for sweets peaks during the festival season. Nikhil Kamath, director, Zerodha, says, "We expect the rally in sugar to continue in the second half of the year with output in Brazil (a major producer) set to fall due to erratic rain there."
This year, sugar prices rose 9% (to Rs 31,00 per quintal) till July 28. One reason, Kamath says, is that the government increased the import duty from 15% to 40% and extended export incentives until September 2014. This triggered fears about shortages in the domestic market.
 
Gur (jaggery): The performance of gur is usually moderate in the second half of the year. Demand is expected to rise in the festive season.
Also, a lower-than-normal rainfall will reduce cane production and lower the quality of sugarcane.
Rohit Gadia, founder and chief executive officer, CapitalVia Global Research, says, "Technically, we can see consolidation in the next two-three weeks, but for the next one-two months we can expect a fall to Rs 1,160 per 40 kg. If prices find support at this level, we can expect a bounce-back. If they manage to remain above Rs 1,180, further upside can be expected till Rs 1,250 and Rs 1,348 by the end of December.
"Aurobinda Prasad, research head, commodity and currency, Karvy Comtrade, says, "The main reason for the price rise is unseasonal rain and hailstorms in sugar-producing regions, including Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu. Also, costs have risen sharply due to higher cane prices and labour costs. Farmers have sold a large amount of high-quality cane to gur units, which pay 5-10% more than the price fixed by sugar mills.
"We are likely to see production fall by 15-20% this year," says Prasad of Karvy Comtrade.

Experience the luxury of a white cotton shirtStory
What makes the perfect white shirt
Real luxury is pure cotton. It is not even linen because white linen shirts are more appropriate for casual wear.
David Abraham        Edition: Sept 28, 2014
'White' hot: David Abraham outside the Great India Place mall in Noida. Photo: Vivan Mehra
A white shirt, at whatever cost you buy it, is a luxury . That is  because it is the most difficult colour to maintain. It has a shorter  life span than any other coloured shirt. It usually cannot be  dry-cleaned very well; it has to be properly washed at a particular  temperature. You need to whiten it.
If it is a high-quality white  shirt, it cannot be woven from manmade fibre - no polyester or polyester  blend can be used. Real luxury is pure cotton. It is not even linen  because white linen shirts are more appropriate for casual wear. The  classic white shirt has to be woven from long staple cotton - very fine,  lustrous cotton. The best cotton in the world is either Egyptian or Sea  Island. The yarn is smooth and has a silky feel to it. Of course, you  get good cotton in India and one can do without the imported ones.  However, the cotton fabric has to be made from very high quality long  staple yarn and be tightly woven for stability.
Cherishing a legacy: A view of Jermyn Street, London, July 1, 1948. Jermyn Street is home to some of the world's greatest shirt makers.
The second  factor in the luxury white shirt is the type of weave used. The classic  men's shirting fabric usually comes in two forms. One is a Poplin weave,  which is flat and smooth and crisp looking. The other is an Oxford  cloth, which is a weave with a more grainy texture and is, in purist  terms, considered a little more casual. It is, however, perfectly  acceptable in America.
FULL COVERAGE: Luxury Special 2014
The super-luxurious shirts are bespoke, tailored preferably at Jermyn Street in London - the hub of  some of the world's greatest shirt makers. When it comes to the fit and  cut, oversized and baggy shirts are not acceptable options. The  well-made shirt has to be cut to your size. One can have a pleat at the  back for ease of movement. It should not blouse over or bunch up when  you tuck it in. Europeans tend to cut the shirt a little slimmer,  slightly narrower. The American shirt cut is often boxier. A custom-made  white shirt in England may cost between 120 pounds and 250 pounds. A lot of people  buy designer brands and the brand can add to the price.
Nevertheless,  if you want a classic beautifully cut shirt, go to a shirt maker, not a  designer. The shirt maker, unlike the designer, does only this one  thing and has perfected it over many, many years. Leave it to the  expert.
The writer is the owner and creative director of design label Abraham and Thakore.
As told to Goutam Das

Alibaba s IPO debut: 10 things to know10 things to know about Alibaba IPO
Ken Sweet     New York   Last Updated: September 20, 2014  | 22:27 IST
Alibaba Executive Chairman Jack Ma gives the thumbs-up after speaking to journalists ahead of an IPO roadshow, inside a hotel in Hong Kong September 15, 2014. Photo: Reuters
China's e-commerce giant Alibaba began trading its shares Friday on the New York Stock Exchange. Here are ten things to know about Alibaba, and why its initial public offering made history:
THE BIGGEST
Alibaba raised $21.8 billion in its debut, making it the biggest U.S.-listed IPO in history after the IPO of credit card processing company Visa in 2008. If Alibaba's investment banks were to exercise their option to sell an additional 48 million shares, it could make Alibaba's IPO the biggest in the world, beating out the $22 billion IPO of Agricultural Bank of China in 2010.
DON'T FORGET YAHOO
It may have been a big day for Alibaba and its founder Jack Ma, but Yahoo's investors are feeling pretty good after Alibaba's IPO. Yahoo was an early investor in Alibaba, paying $1 billion for a stake in the company in 2005. Yahoo likely made $8.3 billion to $9.5 billion in Alibaba's IPO, and will still own a 16 percent stake in the company worth $37.7 billion.
ALIBABA ECLIPISES SILICON VALLEY
Alibaba now has a market capitalization of roughly $219.8 billion, according to FactSet. That makes the company bigger than some of the U.S. technology industry's most successful names, such as Facebook, eBay, and even Amazon.com.
ALL IN ONE
Investors are interested in Alibaba because the company dominates many businesses in China that, here in the U.S., are run by individual companies. Alibaba owns the websites Tmall and Taobao, which are similar to Amazon.com and eBay, respectively. The company also earns money from transaction fees related to its various businesses through Alipay, which is like PayPal. That's just three of Alibaba's many subsidiaries.
BIG PROFITS: Unlike the U.S. e-commerce giant Amazon, Alibaba has been consistently profitable. The company had $8.5 billion in sales in its latest fiscal year ending in March, with net income of $3.8 billion. The year prior, Alibaba had $5.4 billion in sales and $1.4 billion in profits. In comparison, Amazon sold $74.4 billion in goods in 2013, but made only $274 million in profits that year. In 2012, Amazon reported a net loss of $39 million.
RISKS
If Alibaba does well for investors, it will be the exception to what has been the trend for Chinese companies. When Chinese companies have listed stocks on American markets, their shares have lost an average 1 percent a year for the next three years, compared with an average 7 percent annual gain for other U.S. IPOs, according to research by Jay Ritter, a finance professor at the University of Florida.
SECOND TIME AROUND
This isn't Alibaba's first time going public. Alibaba took its online shopping portal Alibaba.com public in 2007 in Hong Kong. Alibaba.com was a publicly traded company only for a few years. Alibaba took Alibaba.com private in 2012.
SOLID GOLD
Jack Ma, who started Alibaba in 1999 in his apartment in the Chinese city of Hangzhou, is now among the richest people in the world. Ma's ownership in the company is worth roughly $18.2 billion, based on Alibaba's closing share price Friday. That doesn't include the shares he sold in the IPO, which are worth another $867 million, and his other investments. Bloomberg put his entire net worth at $21.9 billion, making him the 34th richest person in the world.
BIG WIN FOR NYSE
Alibaba chose to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange, making it the second A-list technology company to go public on the Big Board in less than a year. The NYSE handled Twitter's IPO last year. NYSE's competitor, the Nasdaq Stock Market, has struggled to win the business of big tech companies since Facebook's IPO in 2012, which was plagued with technical problems.
LIFE IS LIKE A BOX OF...
Jack Ma biggest hero is the fictional character Forrest Gump. "I really like that guy," Ma said, in an interview with business channel CNBC on Friday. "Every time I'm frustrated, I watch the movie. (The movie tells) me that no matter whatever changed, you are you."
 (AP) 

These Gorgeous Photos Of Hong Kong In The Fifties Will Make You Nostalgic For An Era Long GonePrevious Story
Next Story
Fan Ho's Photos Of Hong Kong In The Fifties Will Make You Nostalgic For An Era Long Gone
reddit
Photographer, actor and director Fan Ho began photographing Hong Kong as a student in the early 1950s. The dramatic black-and-white images he captured of life in the bustling metropolis in the two decades that followed are a striking testament to the changes of the era. His nostalgic shots of mysterious waterways and light-filled covered markets present viewers with a glimpse into a transforming city.
Fan Ho's Hong Kong work has previously been published in the books "Hong Kong Yesterday" and "The Living Theatre." Now, he concludes the trilogy with " Fan Ho: A Hong Kong Memoir. " His latest collection features previous unpublished photos as well as new-montaged photographs.

Pregnant and Poor Eating Healthy Just Got Harderpregnant and poor eating healthy just got harder
Telecom M&A guidelines need to be reworked: TraiTelecom M&A guidelines need to be reworked for consolidation, says Trai Chairman
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 22, 2014  | 15:31 IST
Trai Chairman Rahul Khullar
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( Trai ), with a view that the country cannot carry on with 12 telecom operators, said on Monday that current merger and acquisition (M&A) rules needed to be reworked by the government for any pick up in consolidation activity.
"No jurisdiction in the world has 12 operators, mostly the countries have 5 or 4 telecom players and at some places 2. For this to happen (in the country) merger and acquisition guidelines have to be reworked," Trai chairman Rahul Khullar said in the national capital.
Easing the M&A rules, the government had allowed mergers between firms with up to 50 per cent combined market share.
Khullar said the guidelines have been a non-starter as M&A activity has not taken place despite the industry being in dire need for consolidation.
"I think the industry is in dire need of consolidation, its simply just cannot carry on like this with 10-12 operators, some of them bleeding to death and it has to stop," the Trai Chairman said.
Telecom operators have long been demanding changes in the M&A rules, terming them difficult.
Vodafone India CEO Marten Pieters had earlier said that companies should be allowed to buy assets of a particular firm such as spectrum and not the entire firm which has a lot of debt in its books.
Giving an example, Pieters had said, "We love to buy 3G spectrum but for 3G spectrum, if I have to buy complete operator who has 3G spectrum... It comes with all kinds of stuff I don't want because I have it all. So, it is very difficult to make an attractive proposition in such a situation."
Earlier, telecom firms were allowed to merge if their combined market shares in terms of subscriber base does not exceed 40 per cent in any of the nation's 22 circles or zones.

Angels and the water demonUpdated: September 23, 2014 09:26 IST
Angels and the water demon
SNEHA JACOB PENUMARTHI
The Hindu A treat for the eye and soul. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOPICS
human interest
Despite the floods, Kashmir remains a paradise with its kind-hearted people, tall mountains and serene lakes.
You could say this is a sort of catharsis after our 10-day trip to Kashmir. A trip that was planned in January, booked in April and found us with bag and baggage at Srinagar on the rainy afternoon of September 4. Even a week after being in the midst of a natural disaster, I think back with pleasure of my first shikhara ride from the banks of the Nigeen Lake, Srinagar, to our luxurious houseboat Khilona. We were greeted by a gracious host who warned us that it had been raining continuously for two days. Even our travel agent let us know that the passes on the Srinagar-Leh highway were closed and would open only after a nod from the Border Road Organisation.
That one night on Khilona stretched to three days as the rain continued. We planned to wait it out to proceed to Leh. Our optimism drove the rain away on September 6. That evening, the sun shone through and for the first time we saw that the lake was surrounded by mountains, topped off by a double rainbow. We figured it was Srinagar saying goodbye to us.
We left the houseboat for the Srinagar airport early the next morning. There was a huge crowd at the bus-stand, with people thronging one bus to get to the airport. It left, only to return in 15 minutes as the water level was too high. While we wondered what to do next, one of my friends, who had set out on a recce, hurried back to tell us to leave immediately as water seemed to be rising steadily in one part of the town. It was our only moment of panic as we crossed to higher ground. Our cell phones were jammed; we couldn’t call home. We hailed a taxi, to take us back to Nigeen Lake. The driver, a spirited old man, was our first angel.
We asked him to drive us to a hotel in the Old City, which was on higher ground. We lumbered on and stopped at Hotel Gulshan Valley, Saida Kadal. The hotel was our refuge in the days to come, when every household in India was bombarded by images of rushing flood waters and floating debris. In the four days we spent there, we saw the tenacity of the Kashmiris. Most of the houses in the Old City, are at least two storeys high, and made of wood and brick. We saw people moving their belongings to the top floors. Shop-owners hired autos to lift their merchandise to dry spots.
We spent time playing cards and watching old Hindi hits whenever there was power. The locals guided us on where to buy essentials. They even lent us their phones so we could call home and reassure our relatives.
The hotel owners, Naseer and Azhar, were our second and third angels. Azhar told us that if we ran out of food, we could eat at the local gurudwara. By the third day, everyone knew us as we strolled around the city, which was flooded on the left and dry on the right.
On September 9, one of the locals took us for a walk around the Old City. We visited the 13th-Century Jamia Masjid, ate local sweets and kahwa (Kashmiri flavoured tea) made by the mohalla chaiwallah. There were many camps where the local people cooked and served food for free. Dal-rice was their staple. By that time, 300m from our hotel, the water had risen to 10 feet on our left, but the right side was bone-dry. We took heart from the kindness, hospitality and fortitude of the Srinagar people, who went about their business with admirable calm.
On September 10, we learnt that the Srinagar-Leh highway was to open. After a few enquiries, we got the go-ahead to proceed to Leh. So on September 11, we left for Leh and it was a beautiful, momentous 15-hour journey. Not because we were getting out of Kashmir, but for the sheer beauty of the terrain that I am so proud to say is part of our country.

Skills for success: Irv Shapiro  IfbyphoneSkills for success: Irv Shapiro, Ifbyphone
Skills for success: Irv Shapiro, Ifbyphone
Irv Shapiro, CEO and CTO of Ifbyphone, on the skills for success — both for those who are "technologically-inclined," and those who aren't.
Irv Shapiro, CEO and CTO of Ifbyphone, on the skills for success — both for those who are "technologically-inclined," and those who aren't.

Gem Palace has been manufacturing jewellery for 150 years'Gem Palace has been manufacturing jewellery for 150 years'
September 9, 2014
Sudhir Kasliwal, partner of Gem Palace, Jaipur tells about the gem Palace, Jaipur, its changed clientele and the kind of jewellery work they do by mixing both traditional and contemporary designs.

John Lobb offers timeless products: Thomas ColletteJohn Lobb offers timeless products: Thomas Collette
September 9, 2014
John Lobb Commercial Director Thomas Collette talks about the quality of shoes the company is offering in India.

India s Best SMEs 2013 award ceremonyQuattro CMD Raman Roy on leveraging offshore investments
One of the major contributors in making Quattro Global Services' business worth $20 billion, CMD Raman Roy says Quattro wants to be the company which brings offshore capabilities, manage services alongwith platforms to the mid-market, which lacks the technology needed to leverage offshore components.
How New Delhi Centre for Sight is growing pan-India
The New Delhi Centre for Sight, which became a specialised eye care centre in 2001-02, aims to become the largest opthalmology centre in India and abroad by 2020. Chairman and Medical Director Dr Mahipal S Sachdev says the super-speciality eye care centre has close to 50 outlets in the country.
How Monarch Catalyst fulfills its environmental responsibility
One of the foremost companies to turn waste into resourceful raw  materials, Monarch Catalyst's most recent effort is that of  environmental effectiveness. The company plans to optimise its  electricity usage by bringign it down by at least 25 per cent, says  Director Krishnan Muthukumar.

Tesco cuts forecast and suspends senior staff after profits overstated by $408 millionUpdated: September 22, 2014 19:38 IST
Tesco cuts forecast and suspends senior staff after profits overstated by $408 million
Reuters
REUTERS Tesco's new chief executive Dave Lewis said Robin Terrell had stepped in to lead the grocer's UK leadership team in the wake of the firm's accounting issue, which has resulted in four employees stepping aside.
TOPICS
quarterly or semiannual financial statement
Four Tesco employees placed on leave; Deloitte, Freshfields to undertake review of issues even as shares fall 12 per cent in early trade.
Tesco cut its profit forecast for the third time this year on Monday and suspended four members of staff after finding a fault in its accounts, another blow to the reputation of Britain's biggest grocer.
The company's shares fell 12 percent after Tesco said it had called in new accountants to investigate an error that forced it to cut its first-half profit outlook by 250 million pounds ($408.50 million). A profit warning on Aug. 29 had overstated expected first half profit by 23 percent, it said.
The error - caused by an early booking of revenue and delayed recognition of costs - had been discovered during preparation for its forthcoming interim results, Tesco said.
Their publication has now been pushed back from Oct.1 to Oct 23 by the firm's new chief executive Dave Lewis, who said on Monday that an "informed employee" had notified Tesco's legal team of the accounting issue on Friday.
Mr. Lewis told reporters four Tesco employees had been "asked to step aside" while investigations continue, but had not been disciplined. He said it was too soon to say whether this was a case of fraud.
The BBC and Sky News reported that Chris Bush, the managing director of Tesco's UK business, was one of the four.
Mr. Lewis declined to comment on Mr. Bush but said Robin Terrell, the firm's multi-channel director, had stepped in to run the UK business.
"We have uncovered a serious issue and have responded accordingly. The chairman and I have acted quickly to establish a comprehensive independent investigation," he said. "The board, my colleagues, our customers and I expect Tesco to operate with integrity and transparency and we will take decisive action as the results of the investigation become clear."
Shore Capital analyst Clive Black said he was "flabbergasted" by the latest development and was reviewing his current recommendation to hold the company's shares.
Tesco said it was working to establish the extent of the issues and the impact they might have on its full-year profit.
"It looks like it's substantially a first half year (issue) and has more to do with timing, of when income is recognised," said Mr. Lewis.
Tesco has appointed a new tax adviser Deloitte to undertake an independent and comprehensive review of the issues, working closely with Freshfields, its external legal advisers. Tesco's current auditor PwC, which has worked for it since 1983, declined to comment.
The grocer said last month it expected trading profit for the six months ending Aug. 23 to be in the region of 1.1 billion pounds.
The new forecast of 850 million pounds means group trading profit has nearly halved from the 1.6 billion pounds it recorded in the comparable period last year.
Under its previous chief executive Phil Clarke, Tesco issued three profit warnings in two and a half years as it lost UK market share to fast-growing German discounters Aldi and Lidl as well as upmarket rivals Waitrose and Marks & Spencer.
FUNDAMENTAL QUESTIONS
Tesco explained in a statement on Monday that it had got its numbers wrong by overstating income and understating costs.
"Tesco has identified an overstatement of its expected profit for the half year, principally due to the accelerated recognition of commercial income and delayed accrual of costs," it announced, adding some of the impact included "in-year timing differences".
Accrual accounting requires that a company record its payments as soon as it places an order with its suppliers rather than when it subsequently pays for it.
"Such an announcement is not the stuff of a well operated FTSE-100 organisation," said Shore Capital's Mr. Black.
"This development may raise, indeed must raise, much more fundamental questions over the chairman's (Richard Broadbent) position and the nature, composition and extent of the board."
Mr. Broadbent said he did not intend to resign. "Shareholders I'm sure will decide...whether I'm part of the solution or part of the problem. But my intention is to continue being part of the solution."
Bernstein analyst Bruno Monteyne said the bringing in of Freshfields "implies there is potential foul play, beyond simple account stretching."
Mr. Lewis, who succeeded the ousted Phil Clarke on Sept. 1, is currently the firm's only executive director.
Alan Stewart was named as Tesco's new chief financial officer on July 10 but does not start until Dec. 1.
With a market valuation of 18.8 billion pounds and over 500,000 employees, Tesco had been the darling of the sector during two decades of uninterrupted earnings growth. Since the profit warnings and loss of market shares its share price had fallen to decade-lows.

Google s driverless future at odds with automakersGoogle's driverless future at odds with automakers
Caption Google self-driving cars
The latest version of Google's self-driving car has no steering wheel and no pedal.s
The latest version of Google's self-driving car has no steering wheel and no pedal.s (Google)
Google's new self-driving car has no steering wheel or pedals.
Google's new self-driving car has no steering wheel or pedals. (Google)
The latest version of Google's self-driving car has no steering wheel and no pedal.s
The latest version of Google's self-driving car has no steering wheel and no pedal.s (Google)
Caption Google self-driving car
David Paul Morris / Bloomberg
A man drives a Google Inc. self-driving car in front of the company's headquarters in Mountain View, Calif., in September.
A man drives a Google Inc. self-driving car in front of the company's headquarters in Mountain View, Calif., in September. (David Paul Morris / Bloomberg)
Caption Google self-driving car
Maggie Clark/Stateline / MCT
A Lexus RX 450h sport utility vehicle, which has been retrofitted by Google engineers to drive itself sits in a parking lot in July in Palo Alto, California.
A Lexus RX 450h sport utility vehicle, which has been retrofitted by Google engineers to drive itself sits in a parking lot in July in Palo Alto, California. (Maggie Clark/Stateline / MCT)
Google vs. Auto Industry: Two goliaths battle over driverless cars.
Within automotive industry, Google is the unmentionable presence hiring away top talent for autonomous cars.
"When you're at Google's scale you do plenty of things that disrupt or change the environment," auto analyst.
SAN FRANCISCO — With its vision for a future where cars drive themselves, Google is putting itself at odds with an auto industry that shares its desire for safer, less-congested roads — yet won't abide the "driverless" part.
The clash pits the Internet giant, public for barely a decade, against companies that spent a century building the machines that put people behind the wheel of autos. As Google works to perfect a system in research labs and road tests to minimize the involvement of drivers, automakers spend billions of dollars annually on ads to do the opposite. Think BMW and its claims to the Ultimate Driving Machine, or Volkswagen and its Drivers Wanted sales pitch.
The differences are more than philosophical.
When are these things coming? ( Ashley Halsey III, The Washington Post )
Google is sweeping up top talent and research, powered by an almost $400 billion stock-market value that tops those of Toyota, Volkswagen and General Motors combined. It's also keeping a tight grip on its mapping data and potential marketing plans for cars while helping to create what many in the auto industry consider unrealistic expectations for how quickly cars can safely become wholly driverless.
"Clearly there's some sort of tension there," said Richard Wallace, director of transportation systems analysis at the Center for Automotive Research in Ann Arbor, Mich. Google's splashy displays of technology "lead to expectations creep that's probably unrealistic in some ways," he said.
Google's aloofness was on display recently at the Intelligent Transport Systems World Congress in Detroit. The search giant had minimal presence at the annual event where automakers hash out standards for the technology that would keep, at the center of it all, the driver.
Within the industry, Google is sometimes the unmentionable presence in the room — the "G-word," as Wallace jokingly called it at a conference last month in Traverse City, Mich.
8
Among the advancements automakers announced at last week's conference in Detroit was GM's "Super Cruise" system for 2017 Cadillacs , which will let drivers take their hands off the steering wheel and feet from the pedals for periods of highway driving. Like technology being developed by Toyota, Honda and other companies, GM's system hands control back and forth between driver and vehicle.
The approach that Mountain View, Calif.-based Google is taking is, literally, much more hands-off. In May it unveiled plans to deploy at least 100 fully autonomous , two-seat, egg- shaped test cars with a top speed of 25 miles per hour and no steering wheel. Google has since said it will include one, as well as brake and gas pedals, as California requires.
Aided by early staffing with top Stanford and Carnegie Mellon University scientists who won a U.S.-backed driverless vehicle challenge in 2005, Google recruited dozens of robotics and artificial-intelligence researchers, and is adding more.
Google has won or applied for 96 autonomous-driving patents since 2011 and has hired talent from Toyota, BMW, Mercedes-Benz and even Silicon Valley upstart Tesla, according to LinkedIn profiles. For high-level advice, Google can turn to former Ford Chief Executive Officer Alan Mulally, now a board member.
It's also backed by more than $60 billion in cash, more than any individual automaker can muster.
"When you're at Google's scale you do plenty of things that disrupt or change the environment," said Frank Gillett, analyst with Forrester Research in Cambridge, Mass. "We now have a race for who's going to build the software and services platform that operates driverless cars."
cComments
We already allow corporations control over too many of our daily activities. The last thing I need is Google choosing for me where I go, how fast I go and the route I take to get to my destination. Just another example of people selling themselves into corporate slavery on the installment...
tbirdtc1
While the effort is still in an early phase, executives including co-founder Sergey Brin have committed Google to making driverless cars a reality. They tout societal benefits of robotic cars, such as a transportation option for the blind and elderly.
To traditional manufacturers, anything that makes human drivers superfluous is automotive heresy.
"Driving is essentially very fun," Ken Koibuchi, general manager of intelligent vehicle development for Toyota, said in an interview in Detroit this month. For that and reasons including liability issues in the case of an accident and yet- to-be-set regulations, the world's largest carmaker isn't planning a driverless car even as it adds automated features.
"Rather than making it seem like the driver can simply take a nap while sitting at the wheel, we need drivers to understand that there will be task-sharing involved, handing controls back and forth, and that overconfidence must be avoided," Koibuchi said.
Nissan, Mercedes and Tesla are among those that have said they'll add self-driving features by end of the decade. None has said how much it's spending to do that.
"They've kind of shamed the automakers into investing more money into this," said Egil Juliussen, research director for advanced driving systems for IHS Automotive. "R&D budgets for all major auto companies have jumped a lot since this started. They're literally being forced by Google to invest more to show they aren't falling too far behind."
While Google's cash pile tops that of individual automakers, Toyota's $41 billion, Volkswagen's $44 billion and GM's $29 billion ensure they can fund technology advances.
That gives manufacturers the resources to provide a counterbalance to Google, said William "Red" Whittaker, director of the Field Robotics Center at Carnegie Mellon in Pittsburgh.
"No one has a monopoly on this technology," Whittaker said. "The big global OEMs, they run deep, they run strong, and they aren't fooling around."
To speed its efforts, Toyota in January created an intelligent-vehicle system group that Koibuchi manages to bring automated driving features to market as quickly as possible.
Toyota is also among the automakers and suppliers funding the University of Michigan's Mobility Transformation Center in Ann Arbor, intended to be the largest research center in North America for automated driving systems.
GM, Ford, Honda and Nissan are also MTC backers, as are parts-makers Delphi Automotive, Denso and Bosch, Verizon and Xerox.
Google so far hasn't joined that effort. It also hasn't specified whether it will build and sell driverless cars; create a service using such vehicles; or supply its driverless technology to the auto industry.
Producing its own vehicles would "be silly," Juliussen said. "The car industry is a low-margin business. The best companies get 10 percent profit margin," he said. "Why would they want to enter the business even if the revenue may be tremendously high?"
Google declined to comment on industry criticism or how its driverless program will evolve. Brin said in May at the Recode conference in Palos Verdes, Calif., that the company "will work with partners in the future, including automotive companies," without elaborating.
Google drew some criticism at the Automated Vehicles Symposium in San Francisco in July from audience members who said it's not sharing mapping data with carmakers designing their own systems and has made some academic research on driverless vehicles inaccessible.

Dan Kitwood / Getty Imagesdan kitwood / getty images
Tomahawk missiles used against Islamic State in SyriaBy Dan Lamothe September 23 Follow @danlamothe
The destroyer USS Mustin launched a Tomahawk missile Sept. 17 in the Pacific Ocean during a simulated strike that was part of Exercise Valiant Shield 2014. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Declan Barnes/Released)
The new round of U.S. military strikes in Syria announced late Monday by the Pentagon  against the Islamic State militant group included many of the same weapons and aircraft the Pentagon has used in recent weeks in Iraq. But it included a new wrinkle, too: the use of Tomahawk cruise missiles launched by the U.S. Navy from the Persian Gulf and the Red Sea.
Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby, the Pentagon press secretary, confirmed the strikes in a statement late Monday. The decision to conduct them was made earlier in the day by Army Gen. Lloyd Austin, the head of U.S. Central Command, Kirby said. The strikes were still ongoing, meaning defense officials were “not in a position to provide additional details at this time,” Kirby said.
U.S. military officials with CENTCOM said early Tuesday that it had launched a combined 47 missiles from two warships, the USS Philippine Sea, a guided missile cruiser, and the USS Arleigh Burke, a destroyer. The first ship was in the Persian Gulf; the second in the Red Sea. The Philippine Sea is part of the USS George H.W. Bush Carrier Strike Group, which includes an aircraft carrier by the same that the U.S. military has been using for weeks to launch airstrikes in Iraq.
The Navy released videos of missiles getting launched from both ships early Tuesday:
The U.S. Central Command released video of overnight U.S. operations in Syria on Tuesday. The military airstrikes included the use of Tomahawk cruise missiles launched by the U.S. Navy from the Persian Gulf and the Red Sea. (U.S. CENTCOM)
The U.S. Navy released video Tuesday of troops launching Tomahawk cruise missiles against Islamic State militants in Syria. (Video courtesy U.S. Navy)
The missiles were launched as part of 14 military strikes on Islamic State targets in Syria overnight, defense officials said. They were used as U.S. fighter jets, bombers and drones also dropped ordnance in Syria on militants, their training compounds, headquarters, storage facilities, supply trucks, armed vehicles and a finance center, CENTCOM said.
The U.S. also launched four more airstrikes in Iraq on Monday, bringing the total number since they were authorized there by the White House on Aug. 7 to 194. They’ve been carried out by a mix of fighter jets, bombers and drone aircraft, but the U.S. military had not previously disclosed using Tomahawks against the militants.
The cruise missiles have been used by the U.S. military for decades, most extensively in the 1991 Gulf War against Iraq and around the 2003 U.S. invasion of the same country. But they also have been fired more recently at targets in Libya in 2011, and were put in position in the eastern Mediterranean to launch strikes in Syria in August 2013, as the Obama administration accused Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s regime of using chemical weapons against its own people.
The Tomahawk strikes in Syria last year were eventually called off, as Obama sought congressional approval . On Sept. 14, 2013, Russia and the United States reached an agreement in which Syria’s declared chemical weapons would instead be destroyed at sea by a U.S. crew on the MV Cape Ray, a cargo ship specifically equipped for the mission.
Two weeks ago, a Navy official said the USS Cole, a Navy destroyer carrying the missiles, was in the eastern Mediterranean, but it does not appear it was used late Monday in the strikes. The missiles also can be launched from U.S. submarines, but defense officials do not commonly disclose where underwater ships in the so-called “Silent Service” are.
The Tomahawk, made by Raytheon, is about 18 feet long and typically carries a 1,000-pound warhead on it. Some versions of it have a range of more than 1,000 miles , Navy officials say. It is typically considered ill-suited to hit moving targets, but can hit stationary targets with precision.
UPDATE, Sept. 23, 7:25 a.m.: This post was updated with new information provided by the U.S. military.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Police plan to turn Kerala capital tobacco-freehealth
The district administration will dispatch teams to government offices and private establishments in the city during the first week of October to ascertain the steps taken by them to prevent the use of tobacco on their premises.
The inspection is part of efforts taken by the administration to make the district tobacco-free. The team will comprise officials from various government departments, an official release said.
Government offices and private establishments have been asked to submit a report by the end of the month giving details of the steps taken to implement the provisions of the Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Act, 2003. The heads of the government departments concerned and those heading private firms have been asked to display sign boards declaring their premises tobacco-free zones. The display boards should be prominently displayed on the premises, the release said.

Messaging app Line shelves IPO plansMessaging app Line shelves IPO plans
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 23, 2014: 5:38 AM ET
Line offers cute emoticons, including ones tailored for kids.
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Popular messaging app Line, known for its cute emoticons, is shelving plans for an IPO this year.
South Korea's Naver Corp., which owns the Japan-based company, said it won't list Line on an international market in 2014 but might revisit its decision in the next six months.
Naver said in July it was looking at Japan and the U.S. for a possible IPO. The company reportedly even filed a listing application to the Tokyo Stock Exchange, valuing the company at 1 trillion yen ($9.2 billion).
Most of Line's users are in Japan, a market nearing saturation. Analysts say the company, which still faces stiff competition in the region, is likely looking to obtain greater scale before launching its IPO.
"They are quite a popular alternative in Southeast Asia, but they face significant challenges in China and Korea -- China has WeChat , and Korea has KakaoTalk and Daum," said Lydia Bi of Canalys, a tech research firm.
Line may also be nervous about becoming the first chat app operator to list its shares, which would encourage direct comparison with social media giants like Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ), Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) or Linkedin ( LNKD , Tech30 ), she said.
Line has 500 million registered users, and its revenues have been growing strongly. But the company has not published its tally of monthly active users, a key metric for messaging apps.
By comparison, competitor WhatsApp , owned by Facebook, has 600 million monthly active users.
The decision to pull the IPO contrasts with the record $25 billion New York debut by China tech firm Alibaba last week.
Related: All you need to know about Alibaba
Line offers free messaging and voice calls, generating revenue from the sale of adorable emoticons, games and other services.
It's a model that's worked well -- those sales were worth 18.2 billion yen ($167 million) in the second quarter, up 25% from the first quarter, and a whopping 146% increase from the same period last year.
Related: Don't expect more WhatsApp-like deals
The app was first developed as a web-based communication service in Japan after the 2011 earthquake and tsunami downed phone networks.
Naver, listed in Korea, had a rocky day on the markets, first dropping as much as 3% before recouping losses in Seoul trading.
--CNN's KJ Kwon contributed to this report
First Published: September 23, 2014: 5:38 AM ET
Most Popular

Sensex ends day 431 points down; top stock bets in a falling marketYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex cracks below 27000; top investment ideas from experts
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 04.26PM IST
Tags:
ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt
(The fall in the index was…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex posted its biggest single-day fall in two-and-a-half months on Tuesday tracking weak trend seen in other Asian markets.
Global stocks saw some bit of profit booking on disappointment over European manufacturing data and concerns about an unemployment measure in a survey in China.
The S&P BSE Sensex which bounced back in trade on Monday came under some intense selling pressure in trade on Tuesday. The index slipped as much as 462 points in trade to close below its crucial psychological level of 27000.
The 30-share BSE Sensex closed at 26775.69, down 431 points or 1.58 per cent. It touched a high of 27256.87 and a low of 26744.07 in early trade.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8100 and is now trading near key support levels of 8000.
The 50-share Nifty index ended at 8017, down 128 point or 1.58 per cent. It touched a high of 8159.75 and a low of 8008.10 in early trade.
Considering the fact that we are in the F&O expiry week some bit of consolidation or corrections was expected. The fall in the index was largely led by profit booking in Tata Motors, RIL, ICICI Bank , L&T, ONGC and HDFC.
But analysts see this consolidation more from a perspective of entering markets at lower levels as the bias still remains on the upside till the time Nifty trades above 7850 levels.
"The range of 8229 - 8253 is an important resistance to watch out for in coming days on the lower side 8050 followed by 8000 are immediate support levels whereas the range of 7920 to 7850 would remain a vital support on positional basis," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"Medium term trend reversal level has now moved higher to 7850," added the report.
Analysts are not ruling out the possibility of consolidation or some bit of correction before the market resume fresh up move towards 30,000 on the Sensex by end 2014.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014 helped by strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of over $33 billion into the country's securities market.
Although, analysts do not see a major trigger for corrections domestically but they say that if corrections happens it would be more because of global cues which will give investors the opportunity to enter markets at lower levels.
"If you look at the weight of India in the emerging markets portfolio, it is at its historic high levels. So any fluctuation in the global markets or disturbance over there could lead to some volatility in our markets," said Mahesh Patil, Co-CIO, Birla Sunlife MF.
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, BofA-ML hopes to see a correction of about 5-7 per cent in the market, which will provide a better opportunity to buy. I am quite bullish from a three-four year perspective and we think earnings and markets could double out over four years," said
"So, if you ask me, if there would be a better chance to buy, the answer probably is yes. Our view, from here till the end of October, is that we see the markets lower by around 5% to 7%," he added.
We have collated list of stock and sectors recommended by various analysts that are looking attractive at current levels:
Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services
Rural Electrification Corporation or popularly REC has borne the brunt of a lot of things, which are not happening to the power sector. This stock has corrected big time from the levels of 370-380 to around 255-260.
We feel that now pure value is emerging into the company at a price to adjusted book value of around 1-1.1 times at the current market valuations. This is one stock which also presents an excellent dividend yield as well as a proxy play to the power growth story.
We have been very aggressive on some stocks, the likes of Century Ply or Sundaram Fasteners. All these stocks are slated to re-rate themselves going forward. A stock like CanFin Homes, which is a Canara Bank home finance company, has hardly any NPAs and is growing at a rapid pace.
These all businesses would tend to re-rate themselves and there can be substantial 25-30% upside. If at all the market corrects and midcaps correct, these stocks would present a great opportunity.
Hemang Jani, Senior Vice President, Sharekhan
We think that agri as a theme will play out extremely well over the next two to three years. There will be a thrust on the improvement in the productivity and the overall penetration level, as far as the agro chemical is concerned. I
Therefore, from within the pack, we like Dhanuka Agri, which has an asset light business model, wherein they have tied up with a few MNC companies for certain molecules with a three to five-year of an exclusivity and very decent manufacturing and distribution base in India. Overall, we think growth will be about 25% to 30% and it can be a two to three bagger over the next 18 months or so.

A bumper listing: Sharda Cropchem gains 76%Sharda Cropchem lists at 75% premium to issue price
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 23, 2014, 10.37AM IST
Tags:
( It surged 75.64 per cent,…)
MUMBAI: Sharda Cropchem, a crop protection chemical company, is holding onto intraday gains after a bumper listing.
At 12:45 p.m; the stock was at Rs 232.15, up 48.81 per cent, on the NSE. It surged 75.64 per cent, from its issue price of Rs 156, to touch all-time high of Rs 274 earlier in the day.
Sharda is engaged in marketing and distribution of wide range of formulations and generic active ingredients globally. It sources formulations/active ingredients from third party (primarily, China) for onward sale.
"About two years back we were 100% export oriented company, so 100% revenue was coming from exports. Two years back we acquired a small marketing company in India that is contributing to about 3 per cent of our revenue. Balance 97 per cent is coming from the exports," said RBV Bubna, MD, Sharda Cropchem in an interview to ET Now.
According to analysts at Ashika Research, the company has a strong balance sheet with healthy return ratios. It has maintained a focus on capital efficiency and has a conservative debt policy. It has the ability to leverage the balance sheet to take advantage of a favourable business cycle or market opportunity.
"It has strong return on capital employed (RoCE) of 25 per cent and return on equity (RoE) of close to 20 per cent. The net working capital days have also improved over the last four years and at the end of FY2014 the net working capital days stood at 99 days as compared with 143 days in FY2010," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xi s advice to PLA not linked to  war plans  with India: China'Xi's advice to PLA not linked to 'war' with India'
Sutirtho Patranobis , Hindustan Times  Beijing, September 23, 2014
First Published: 16:01 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:26 IST(24/9/2014)
China on Tuesday brushed aside comments linking President Xi Jinping’s statement urging Chinese armed forces to be ready for a “regional war” to a war with India, saying it was a “wild guess”.
Advertisement
During a meeting with top officers of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) on Sunday, Xi asked them to improve their combat readiness and be ready to win a regional war. Coming at a time when Indian and Chinese soldiers were locked in a stand-off along the disputed boundary in Ladakh, the statement was interpreted as being directed at India.
The foreign ministry said China would never allow the long-pending border dispute to influence bilateral relations.
“I believe that this may be a wild guess,” said Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying. “President Xi concluded his very successful visit to India and was warmly welcomed by the Indian government and Indian people. During his visit, the two leaders reached important consensus on Sino-Indian relations.”
Chinese leaders, including Xi, had in the past brought up the issue of the PLA’s readiness for a “regional war”. Former president Hu Jintao had also talked about PLA’s combat readiness for a regional war during his tenure.
“There may be some problems between the two countries but you can be assured that the two leaders also have consensus on such issues to solve the disputes through friendly coordination and pending the final settlement, we will maintain peace and tranquillity of the border area,” the Chinese spokesperson added.
“We will never allow border area to influence Sino-India relations,” she said.
Hua said the government had taken note of reports of Chinese troops’ incursions into Indian territory.
“Through the existing mechanism we can effectively and properly manage such issues. A far as I am concerned such dispute has been managed and border area is in tranquillity,” she added.

Sen met Roy and Adhikari before he escaped from Kolkata: Sen s driver'Sen met TMC leaders before he fled from Kolkata'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, September 23, 2014
First Published: 16:54 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 05:50 IST(24/9/2014)
Comments
Saradha group chairman, Sudipta Sen, held meetings with Trinamool Congress general secretary, Mukul Roy, and MP Subhendu Adhikari days before escaping from Kolkata in April 2013 when his chit fund empire was crumbling all around him, Sen's driver Arvind Singh Chauhan said on Tuesday.
Advertisement
Chauhan was speaking to the media just after walking out on bail from a jail.
Though there were speculation in many circles that Roy had met Sen before he escaped from the city, this is the first time that somebody came forward to state publicly.
"I drove Sudipta Sen to the Nizam Palace office of Mukul Roy on April 5. Two days later, on April 7, Subhendu Adhikari visited Sen's office at Midland Park," said Chauhan. He also said the meeting went on for about an hour.
"Another Saradha agent of South 24 Parganas, Arindam das was also present in the meeting between Sudipta Sen and Aubhendu Adhikari on April 7," added Chauhan.
After Chauhan's allegation, while Mukul Roy kept mum, Adhikari told the media that he would move a defamation case against Chauhan.
Incidentally, Chauhan drove the car in which Sudipta Sen escaped from Kolkata on April 9. He was arrested with Sudipta Sen and Debjani Mukherjee on April 21, 2013 from Sonemarg in J&K.
Chauhan was caustic after walking out on bail. "I did not hatch any conspiracy, nor was I a part of any. All the conspirators are roaming free," remarked Chauhan on Tuesday afternoon.
Minutes after, Chauhan went to the CBI office on his own. He also told the media that he has shared all details with the CBI investigators.
Chauhan used to work for Saradha at the Delhi office and was summoned to Kolkata on April 4.
"On April 9, Sen told me that we are going out on some work. But I had no idea that he was escaping," Chauhan also commented.

Californias King fire continues to rage. Heres how it looks from above.By J. Freedom du Lac September 23 Follow @jfdulac
A tattered American flag flies near trees burned by the King fire. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
The California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection has had an especially busy year, responding to 4,974 fires through Saturday — “over 1,000 more than normal,” according to a Cal Fire spokesman . But only one conflagration in the state this year has been larger than the King fire, which has spread across so many acres in drought-dried Northern California that it’s now larger than several major American cities , including Atlanta, Las Vegas, Philadelphia and Portland.
The wildfire, which began east of Sacramento on Sept. 13, continues to burn through steep, timber-filled terrain. As of Tuesday morning, the King fire covered 89,574 acres and was 35 percent contained, Cal Fire said .
But fire crews, who made “ great progress ” overnight, were bracing for unfavorable conditions again on Tuesday, the Associated Press reported , including “strong, erratic winds similar to when the blaze doubled in size a week ago.”
“This could set up some potential fire growth similar to what we experienced when it grew exponentially last week,” state fire spokesman Capt. Tom Piranio said, according to AP. A red flag warning has been issued for Tuesday afternoon into Wednesday evening, the Sacramento Bee reported .
The King fire has produced enormous flames and prodigious amounts of smoke, both of which have been visible from the skies above Northern California and beyond. Here are some images, from this week and last, that show what the fire looks like from above.
Belated photo of Northern California #KingFire taken from the plane yesterday around 3:15pm pic.twitter.com/yWRPB6AZKC

No interlocutor on Kashmir: Rajnath SinghPrint
The Home Minister also made it clear that he was not averse to talks and took a veiled dig at separatist conglomerate Hurriyat Conference. (Agencies)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 5:41 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 5:43 pm
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh has ruled out appointment of any interlocutor on Jammu and Kashmir saying such practices had been “non-productive” in the past.
The Home Minister also made it clear that he was not averse to talks and took a veiled dig at separatist conglomerate Hurriyat Conference saying he was against non- productive talks by anti-nationals “to burnish their own political image”.
The Minister was asked that since Joint Intelligence Chief N Ravi was appointed as an interlocutor for the Northeast, whether a similar proposal for Kashmir was on the cards.
“How long can we go on appointing interlocutors? The practices of the past which are non-productive must be discontinued. Therefore, I am not in favour of appointing interlocutors for Jammu and Kashmir.
“Now the time has come to have a rethink on appointing interlocutors. Having said this, let me clarify that I am not averse to talks. But I am also not in favour of non-productive talks which are carried out by anti-nationals to burnish their own political image in either Jammu and Kashmir or the Northeast,” he was quoted as having said in an interview to a fortnighly magazine ‘Governance Now’.
Academician Radha Kumar, veteran journalist Dileep Padgaonkar and M M Ansari had been interlocutors on Kashmir during UPA rule.
The Home Minister said government was keen on restoring peace in the northeast by empowering people and “not those who are working against the country’s interests.
About the initiatives taken by him since he was appointed as Home Minister, Singh said he would not be sharing operational details but added “my foremost task is to improve the morale of the forces. I have given clear instructions that we would not let our forces down, come what may.”
Asked how he felt when he was bypassed in the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC) on matters related to crucial appointments in the government, Singh replied “I am amazed at people’s tendency to make a mountain out of a molehill. This is a procedural issue which does not merit undue attention. I am doing what I need to do.”
I have given clear instructions that we would not let our forces down, come what may.

Jimmy Choo plans London listingJimmy Choo plans London listing
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff September 23, 2014: 7:48 AM ET
Celebrities and mere mortals alike are known to covet Jimmy Choo shoes.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Would you like some shares with those shoes? Jimmy Choo, the luxury footwear retailer, is planning an initial public offering in London.
The company, which was founded in 1996 by designer Jimmy Choo and former Vogue accessories editor Tamara Mellon, expects to list on the London Stock Exchange in October.
The brand gained international fame for its prominence in films and TV shows, including "Sex and the City" and "The Devil Wears Prada." Jimmy Choo accessories are also frequently flaunted by Hollywood stars on the red carpet.
A pair of Jimmy Choo shoes can cost well over $1,000, and purses are just as expensive.
Related: 6 fashion start-ups to watch
Jimmy Choo reported sales of £282 million ($462 million) in 2013, up 16% from the previous year, though earnings growth was relatively flat.
The company operates about 120 stores around the world, and plans to open 10 to 15 new stores each year. It has its eye on expansion in Asia , where the ranks of the wealthy are growing fast.
Malaysian designer Jimmy Choo co-founded the eponymous luxury retail brand in 1996.
Neither Choo nor Mellon are with the company these days, but Choo's niece -- Sandra Choi -- serves as creative director. She's been involved since its inception.
"Jimmy Choo is a clear success story with strong momentum and I am confident that our future as a public company can only extend our reputation and position in [the luxury] sector," said CEO Pierre Denis.
Private equity firm JAB Luxury acquired Jimmy Choo in July 2011. It plans to sell at least 25% of the company in the IPO.
JAB also owns high end retail brands Bally, Belstaff and Zagliani.
First Published: September 23, 2014: 7:48 AM ET
Most Popular

AirAsia plans card loyalty programme with Indian banksAirAsia plans card loyalty programme with Indian banks
PTI
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 23:  
Eyeing an entry into the country’s card loyalty programme segment, AirAsia today said it is in discussion with banks to expand its regional reach.
“Actually to be honest, we have been in discussions for a while with Indian banks — private and public — to enter into card loyalty programme to expand regional reach,” Loh Wai Meng, chief operating officer of AirAsia BIG, the global loyalty programme of the Malaysia—based carrier, told PTI.
The tie ups will help bank cardholders to convert their reward points to BIG Points and fly AirAsia.
Meng said the company is expecting to make announcements in this regard by early next year. “We are hoping sometime early next year to make announcements pertaining to our tie up with Indian banks,” he said.
He also said the company has already partnered with prominent banks outside India, including Singapore, Thailand and Malaysia.
“Outside India, almost every bank has partnered with us in Malaysia and Thailand. We have tied up with biggest bank in Singapore. We just tied up with DBS and Starhub in Singapore at the end of 2013,” Meng said.
He said AirAsia BIG has 400 partners, representing petrol stations, shopping malls and banks, which are mutually beneficial to both companies.
Asked about their competitors and how they plan to face them, Meng said their main competitors of providing loyalty programme are the traditional airliners, not low—cost airliners in India, and hence they were in an advantageous position.
Inspite of this, the company plans to sign up multitudes of partners to launch loyalty programme so that their 12 million AirAsia members could earn points after availing their services, Meng said.
“We try to sign up with multitude of partners. In Malaysia, we have tied up with petrol stations, shopping malls and funeral parlours,” he said, adding,” We try to sign up with multitude of partners so that our members can earn points from every service—provider,” he added.
To another query, he said the company hopes to contribute 20 per cent of Asia’s revenue in about three years time.
Earlier, Hilton HHonors, the loyalty programme for Hilton Worldwide’s 11 distinct hotel brands, announced a new partnership with AirAsia BIG, one of Asia’s leading loyalty programmes.
The partnership allows members of both AirAsia BIG and Hilton HHonors to earn BIG points and HHonors points when they stay at any of the more than 4,200 hotels and timeshare properties within the Hilton worldwide portfolio around the globe, said Meng.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Drug stocks hit by U.S. tax crackdownU.S. move on tax-dodging mergers hits drugs stocks
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN September 23, 2014: 12:24 PM ET
 
Are tax inversions 'unpatriotic?'
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Shares in drugs companies took a beating Tuesday after the U.S. made it harder for American firms to slash their tax bills by buying foreign rivals.
The process, known as inversion, has helped fuel a boom in mergers in the sector this year.
New rules announced by the U.S. Treasury department take effect immediately and cover any future tax inversions. They make it harder for companies to complete an inversion in the first place, and to escape tax on foreign earnings they have already made.
Leading the slide was Shire ( SHPG ), which fell by as much as 6% in London before clawing back some losses. The Treasury move raises the risk that AbbVie ( ABBV ) may call off a planned $55 billion takeover of the U.K.-listed company.
AbbVie announced the agreed merger in July. The combined company would remain headquartered in Chicago but move its legal home to the U.K., halving its effective tax rate to about 13% by 2016.
AbbVie did not respond immediately to a request for comment. Its shares fell by about 2%.
Related: 7 companies that keep more than $50 billion offshore
It's not the only U.S. drugs company under pressure. Shares in Mylan ( MYL ) and Abbott Laboratories ( ABT ) fell by more than 1% amid doubts over Mylan's plan to buy a non-U.S. unit of Abbott.
The deal would allow Mylan to incorporate in the Netherlands, another country with a much lower rate of business tax.
Shares in medical device firm Medtronic ( MDT ), and Covidien ( COV ) -- the Irish company it plans to buy -- slid 2%.
Pfizer ( PFE ) tried to pull off a tax inversion earlier this year by making a bid for AstraZeneca ( AZN ). The British company put up fierce opposition to a takeover and Pfizer backed away.
Analysts say tougher U.S. tax rules could make a new approach by Pfizer less likely, and shares in AstraZeneca tumbled 4% in London.
 
Buffett helps Burger King bite off U.S. tax
Medical technology maker Smith & Nephew ( SNN ), another potential takeover target for U.S. companies, slipped 3%.
Healthcare has been one of the hottest sectors for mergers and acquisitions this year, driven by low interest rates and swollen corporate treasure chests.
German drug group Merck KGaA ( MKGAF ) said Tuesday it was buying Sigma-Aldrich ( SIAL ), based in St Louis, Missouri, for about $17 billion in cash.
First Published: September 23, 2014: 8:16 AM ET
Most Popular

Is the economy recovering 3 stats to watchIs the economic recovery real? 3 stats to watch
By Patrick Gillespie   @CNNMoney September 24, 2014: 12:54 PM ET
Workers apply stucco to an under construction at the Toll Brothers Inc. Jupiter Country Club housing development in Jupiter, Florida in August 2014.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
What everyone wants to know is if the economy is truly better. Is this recovery "for real"?
There is so much data on the economy now, it is hard to figure out what is most important. Last week alone exemplified the flood of numbers: the Census Bureau , Federal Reserve and Labor Department released a variety of economic data points.
The big news makers -- employment , inflation and gross domestic product -- are always important statistics, but if you really want to know where things are headed, there are a few lesser known indicators that give a fuller picture of the economy's health.
To make some sense of it all, CNNMoney surveyed numerous economists. According to the experts, keep an eye on these three things.
1. People's spending: Shoppers have a big impact on the economy. Consumption makes up over two-thirds of America's gross domestic product. The Great Recession made people a lot more cautious about buying things. And when people aren't buying, that also hurts company profits and jobs.
"You can't sustain strong economic growth without the consumer leading the way," said Sal Guatieri, senior economist at BMO Capital Markets in Toronto.
The question is whether buying is back.
The best way to gauge that is the monthly Personal Consumption Expenditures (PCE) index.
Related: Are you a home buying genius?
At the height of the recession in 2009, PCE decreased, and it still is not back to its pre-recession levels.
What most economists -- and businesses -- want to see is steadily increasing spending. But so far in 2014, there have been three months where PCE has dropped, including July. That's worse than 2013 when the PCE increased (or at least remained level) every month.
Bottom line: Not back yet
2. Home buying and building: The housing collapse was at the center of the recession. The slow recovery of the housing market serves as a microcosm of the economy's tepid comeback.
"Home ownership has historically been the single largest trigger to consumer spending," said Diane Swonk, chief economist at Mesirow Financial in Chicago.
People who buy homes tend to buy more of other products than non-buyers, which suggests that home buying can trigger a positive ripple effect on personal spending and jobs, Swonk says.
Economists are watching a data point known as "housing starts."
Single-family housing starts in July numbered 656,000, or about 10% higher than the same time last year, according to the Census Bureau. Still, the number of these housing starts is 50% below a typical level, says Robert Denk, senior economist at the National Association of Home Builders in Washington D.C.
Related: Housing market is a 'crapshoot'
A more normal level of housing starts would be about 1.3 million, the average between 2000 and 2003, Denk says.
"The recovery truly can't be considered complete until housing gets back on track," Denk says. "[Housing] generates jobs and it still really is that sector of the economy that hasn't fully recovered, in fact it's only halfway back."
Bottom line: Not back yet
Related: Private sector jobs are coming back
3. Manufacturing: America might be known for Silicon Valley more than steel these days, but the country still makes a lot of products.
Another indicator that holds implications for the greater economy is the PMI, an acronym for the wonky-sounding Purchasing Managers' Index (that term was actually abandoned in 2001). Created by the Institute for Supply Management, the PMI gauges manufacturing levels across the country, taking several factors into consideration, including employment and inventory levels.
In a positive sign for the recovery, the PMI hit a 12-month high in August at 59%, according to ISM. The average PMI at the recession's peak in 2009 was 46.4%. Thus far in 2014, the PMI has averaged 54.9%, signaling a healthy gain in manufacturing during the recovery.
There are some concerns that the really strong U.S. dollar could hurt manufacturing, since it makes American goods a lot more expensive to people in Europe and other parts of the world, but so far there doesn't seem to be an impact.
Bottom line: Good manufacturing rebound
First Published: September 23, 2014: 8:08 AM ET
Most Popular

Tekmira Pharma  AbbVie among premarket activesWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Pregnant woman among nine killed in ShillonglandslidePrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 23, 2014 7:11 pm
Nine persons were buried alive – one of them a 22-year old pregnant woman – in a massive landslide in the heart of Shillong, the Meghalaya capital, early Tuesday morning, with the total death toll in rain-induced disasters in the hill state to 23 in the past two days. Fourteen persons had died due to landslides and floods in the Garo Hills region yesterday.
A massive landslide occurred at Jhalupara in the heart of Shillong early today morning, burying alive nine persons. The deceased belonged to families and their bodies were dug out by the police and local residents after much difficulty due to incessant rains, East Khasi Hills district SP M Kharkrang said. The incdent occurred at around 3 AM.
The victims have been identified as Santosh Sharma (24), Lal Babu Sharma (35), Mahindar Sharma (40), Kamlesh Kumar Sharma (19), Nagnazar Sharma (45), Sobita Kuri (65), Rajesh Kuri (32) and Puja Kuri (22). Of them Puja Kuri was in an advanced stage of pregnancy, sources said. The two families were living as tenants in the same campus.
Landslides play havoc:
Meanwhile, landslides that were triggered off by heavy incessant rains in the past two days have played havoc in different districts of Meghalaya. The National Highway 51 connecting Paikan in Assam to Tura, headquarters of the West Garo Hills district was blocked at seven locations since late last evening.
South West Garo Hills deputy commissioner Ram Singh said the seven landslides that occurred between Rari and Jengjal, have cut off road communication to all the districts in the Garo Hills region. Several hundred vehicles have been stranded. There is no railway or air connectivity to any place in western Meghalaya.
Yesterday landlsides had claimed six lives in South West Garo Hills district and eight others died in floods in North Garo Hills district, while unofficial reports said at least ten persons were missing.

5 killed in suicide blast attack inPakistanPress Trust of India | Peshawar | Posted: September 23, 2014 7:26 pm
At least five people, including a child, were killed and 29 others injured today in a powerful car bomb suicide attack by the Taliban targeting a senior military officer in this restive northwestern Pakistani city.
A senior police official said the target of the bombing appeared to be Brigadier Khalid Javed, the second most senior officer in the Frontier Corps force, who escaped unhurt.
City police chief Ijaz Khan who visited the spot of the bombing said “five people including an FC solider were killed.
A woman and a child were also among those killed.”
29 people were also injured in the suicide blast attack.
Khan said the bomb was planted in another car which was parked on the road. Gunfire was also reported from the area after the blast and windows of nearby buildings and cars were shattered.
Bomb disposal squad official Shafqat Malik said 45 kilogrammes of explosives were used in the blast. He said mortar shells were also put in with the explosives to increase the impact of the blast. Television footage showed the wreckage of the car used for the suicide bombing. An emergency was declared at Lady Reading hospital here.
Security forces reached the spot soon after the incident, cordoned off the area and started their initial investigation.
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Governor Sardar Mehtab Ahmed Khan strongly condemned attack.
President of Awami National Party Asfandyar Wali Khan also condemned the blast.
The Pakistani Taliban faction led by Maulanah Fazlullah claimed responsibility for the attack, vowing revenge against the ruling Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N) for a military operation in the northwest.
More than 1,000 militants have been killed in the operation.
Meanwhile, at least 42 militants were killed when Pakistani military jets pounded militant hideouts in the restive North Waziristan province, the army said today.
Military jets targeted militant hideouts in Dandi Kachkol, Gurbaz and Mana areas of North Waziristan and killed 19 militants, the army said in a statement.
Another 23 militants were killed yesterday in air-strikes by the Pakistani army, the statement added.

Future Group envisages Rs 1 000 cr investment for integrated food parkFuture Group envisages Rs 1,000 cr investment for integrated food park
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 23, 2014 07:28 PM IST
 
Future Consumer Enterprises Limited, the publicly held company of Future Group, has said that it estimates that there will be investments of as much as Rs 1,000 crore over a 3-5 year period as its rolls out its development plans at its expansive 110 acres integrated food park near Tumkur, around 80 kms from Bangalore city.
The company, best known for Big Bazaar hypermarkets across India, has said that it has so far invested around Rs 250 crore over the past four years to develop the first phase of this food park which seeks to integrate the entire food value chain from farm to plate at a single location.
The India Food Park is among the first such integrated food park to be commissioned and has been developed with close partnership and support of the Ministry of Food Processing Industries, Government of India and the state Government of Karnataka.
Kishore Biyani, Group CEO of Future Group speaking to Business Standard said that they will encourage entrepreneurs to set up manufacturing units in this park and Future Consumer will look to support them through equity investments. "We already have supported three entities and over a period of time we will be initiating more such initiatives," he said.
On the project completion, the facility has been planned to have around 50 units for food processing and dedicated plants for the manufacture of Indian savories and snacks, frozen food products, chutneys, pasta, dry fruits and nuts, chocolates, and much more.
"India Food Park is an ambitious project which has the potential to aid thousands of farmers, directly employ 10,000 people and quadruple the value of the food products that enter through the gates. It is one giant Rasoi, where the golden harvest of Indian farmers will find new value in the hands of Indian consumers," Biyani said adding that a number of domestic and multinational companies are also setting up their manufacturing facilities at the location.
This food park is also expected a key part in Future Consumer's strategy to sell more of its own products rather than third party merchandise. "As much as 25% of our current sales across formats is from our brands and we want to increase this substantially to over 50% by 2018. This Food Park will substantially enhance our ability to drive innovation and product development in food products and create a captive production capacity for the company's brands. This integrated food park will help us reduce supply chain costs and wastage across the food value chain in India and improve quality and hygiene to create food products in India that compares favorably with the best in the world."
Products developed at the India Food Park will be retailed through Future Group's retail formats such as Big Bazaar, Food Bazaar, Foodhall, KB's Fairprice, Big Apple and Aadhaar as well as through general trade and other modern retailers. Biyani further noted that he anticipates that around 20-30% of the produce from this park will be exported and they are in discussions with a global players.

Kadapa writer apprises President of his worksUpdated: September 23, 2014 20:09 IST
Kadapa writer apprises President of his works
M. V. Subramanyam
Tweet
Photo: By Arrangement Kadapa writer Vempalli Gangadhar with President Pranab Mukherjee at Rashtrapathi Bhavan on Monday. Photo: By Arrangement
Photo: By Arrangement Kadapa writer Vempalli Gangadhar presenting books written by him to President Pranab Mukherjee at Rashtrapathi Bhavan on Monday. Photo: By Arrangement
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
Kadapa writer and Central Sahitya Akademi Yuva Puraskar recipient Vempalli Gangadhar had the privilege of interacting with President Pranab Mukherjee for about an hour in Rashtrapati Bhavan at New Delhi about his literary pursuit on Monday.
Dr. Gangadhar, who has been a guest in Rashtrapati Bhavan from September 8 onwards, on being invited by the First Citizen of the country for a fortnight-long “in-residence programme”, said he explained to the President about the books written by him in Telugu portraying the social problems prevalent in drought-prone Rayalaseema region.
The young writer presented his books - Molakala Punnami, Devarasila and Greeshma Bhoomi (compilations of short stories), Pune Prayanam (on tribal women pushed into flesh trade) , Hiranya Rajyam (consequences of factionalism in Rayalaseema), Nela Digina Vaana (novel) and Tholi Telugu Sasanam (First Telugu Inscription) - to Mr. Pranab Mukherjee. The President congratulated Dr. Gangadhar for his literary efforts to portray the conditions in Rayalaseema.
Another writer Yishey Doma Bhutia of Sikkim also presented her books to the President. Two painters Rahool Saksena and Pratap Sudhir Morey were also among the invitees for the “in-residence programme”.

BMO Harris online banking down for 2nd dayCustomers are ticked off over BMO Harris Web outage
Online, mobile banking back up at BMO Harris
Online and mobile banking at BMO Harris, which had been down since Monday because of  “an internal technical glitch,” were functioning again by midday Tuesday, the bank said.
"We apologize to our customers for the inconvenience, and we thank them for their patience,” said Patrick O’Herlihy, a spokesman for BMO Harris Bank. "We will continue to monitor our systems."
cComments
This was no Technical Glitch. This was the alarming news that came out on Friday regarding the 24BILLION lawsuite filed against BMO...Innnocent or guilty - they didn't want their customers transferring out! IF - there had not been that News Article - then, yes, I would have accepted that...
laurencohen

US manufacturing growth continues apace in SeptUS manufacturing growth continues apace in Sept
Overseas funds eyes $400-500mn stake in Aditya Birla RetailOverseas funds eyes $400-500mn stake in Aditya Birla Retail
Zico says ISL will help Indian football growZico says ISL will help Indian football grow
Country s border security in safe hands: IndiaCountry s border security in safe hands: India
India should not aspire for double-digit growth: P ChidambaramIndia should not aspire for double-digit growth: P Chidambaram
Not roses all the way for Modi in AmericaNot roses all the way for Modi in America
Here are some commodity trading ideas from Naveen MathurLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are some commodity trading ideas from Naveen Mathur
Watch the interview of Naveen Mathur, Angel Commodities with Shereen Bhan on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on commodity markets and specific commodities.
Post your opinion here

Chicagoan Ben Weprin launching Graduate Hotels0
Weprin's AJ Capital Partners will spend up to $500 million on the brand, having raised money from investors including Hong Kong-based Gaw Capital Partners. The company declined to reveal additional backers or the amount of their investments. It has hired Christian Strobel from California's Joie de Vivre boutique chain to run the company.
Weprin, who launched AJ Capital in 2008, has four hotel projects in Chicago: the former Chicago Athletic Association on South Michigan Avenue, set to open next year; Hotel Lincoln in the Lincoln Park neighborhood, home to the restaurant Perennial Virant; Thompson Chicago in the Gold Coast, home to the Nico Osteria restaurant; and the West Loop's newly opened SoHo House, which doubles as a private club.
All these deals are partnerships with California billionaire John Pritzker's Geolo Capital, billionaire Neil Bluhm's Walton Street Capital and Chicago developer Jeff Shapack, whose portfolio is concentrated in the West Loop, among others.
"Hotel Lincoln was the genesis for what we're doing in these (college) markets," Weprin said. "Unique, distinctive, where there are a lack of hotels that reflect the personalities of their surroundings. The Hotel Lincoln feels like Lincoln Park."
This is the first time Weprin, a native of Dayton, Ohio, has launched a brand. The Tempe (Arizona State) and Athens (University of Georgia) locations are scheduled to open in October.
"Unlike others who wait for deals to be served up in front of them, that's not how Ben does deals," Shapack said. "He goes out. He creates the deals."
Weprin said he hopes Graduate "disrupts" the hotel market in these college towns. Evanston could use some of that.

Disinvestment Programme Should Not Be Delayed: EdelweissYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Disinvestment Programme Should Not Be Delayed: Edelweiss
Published On:                  September 19, 2014                 | Duration: 16 min, 41 sec
Tweet
Nischal Maheshwari, co-head of institutional equities and head of research at Edelweiss Securities, said most of the PSU stocks have run up quite a bit and are currently at fair prices. At these prices, the government will find investors, he added.

En  Friends  te han estado engaando  y t sin enterarte!En el que todo es mentira.
Puede que Friends sea una de las mejores series de todos los tiempos , pero a lo largo de los diez años que estuvo en pantalla, nos colaron unos cuantos disparates. Historias familiares que cambian, ortografías diferentes para un mismo nombre e incluso se olvidaron de que Ross odiaba los helados . La mayoría son insignificantes, pero hay otros casos más frustrantes que afectan a capítulos completos.
En honor a Matthew Perry, que cumplió los años el pasado 19 de agosto, y a las torpezas de su personaje Chandler, aquí tenéis algunas meteduras de pata que dieron lugar a agujeros enormes en la trama. Te avisamos: a partir de ahora no volverás a ver Friends de la misma manera.
1. Las edades de los personajes cambian radicalmente.
En el que todos cumplen 30 , séptima temporada: Rachel es el último miembro del grupo en cumplir 30 y está muy deprimida por su cumpleaños. En el capítulo se muestran flashbacks de cuando los demás llegaron a la treintena.
El problema es que Joey es en realidad el más joven del grupo. En el capítulo El del nacimiento (primera temporada), dice que tiene 25, mientras que Rachel debería estar más próxima a la edad de Monica, que tiene 26, por haber ido juntas al instituto.
Además, en el episodio El de la nueva novia de Joey , Rachel le dice a Gunther que su cumpleaños es en mayo , pero en la séptima temporada le dice a un policía que es acuario (es decir, que nació entre los meses de enero y febrero).
Las edades del resto del grupo también son un poco incongruentes. Por ejemplo, Ross tiene 29 años en las temporadas 3, 4 y 5.
2. Era imposible que Rachel tuviera una llave de su antiguo apartamento porque Monica y Chandler habían cambiado la cerradura.
El del Día de Acción de Gracias con retraso , temporada 10: Mónica y Chandler se encierran en su piso porque todo el mundo llega tarde a su cena de Acción de Gracias. Rachel recuerda que tiene una llave antigua de cuando vivía con Mónica, y consigue abrir la puerta, pero descubre que también la han cerrado con cadena. Joey mete la cabeza y se queda atrapado. Cuando Chandler le deja libre al tiempo que Mónica habla por teléfono, Joey se da de bruces con la cena y lo estropea todo. Pero a Mónica le da igual, porque al otro lado del teléfono la agencia de adopción le acaba de comunicar que pueden adoptar a un bebé. El momento es perfecto.
Por desgracia, algo no encaja. Joey y Phoebe cierran la puerta con llave accidentalmente en el capítulo En el que Rachel dice... , de la octava temporada. Para entrar, Joey dice al conserje que hay una fuga de gas. En vez de buscar la llave adecuada para abrir (ya que se tardaría mucho), tiran abajo la puerta. Y tienen que sustituir la cerradura. Rachel se habría quedado entonces sin la llave del apartamento.
3. Carol no fue la primera y única pareja de Ross antes de Rachel.
El de George Stephanopoulos , primera temporada: Ross les cuenta de mala gana a Chandler y a Joey que su exmujer, Carol, es la única mujer con la que se ha acostado. Mantiene esta historia durante las primeras temporadas.
En la séptima temporada, episodio El del ayudante de Rachel, Ross acusa a Chandler de haberse acostado con la señora de la limpieza en la universidad. Chandler dice que en realidad fue Ross quien lo hizo. Ross no lo niega, y se limita a decir : "Lo que tú digas, colega, pero tú besaste a un tío".
4. Chandler ya había aprendido a deslizar dinero a discreción.
El del armadillo navideño , séptima temporada: Cuando están esperando a que les den una mesa en un restaurante, Monica le dice a Chandler que soborne al acomodador y le dé dinero. Chandler le pregunta cómo sabe hacerlo y si su exnovio Richard solía recurrir a ello.
En la segunda temporada, episodio En el que Old Yeller muere , Chandler y Joey imitan ilusionados al novio cool de Monica dando dinero a diestro y siniestro. Richard los pilla e incluso los felicita por haber mejorado, dando a entender que fue él quien les enseñó a hacerlo.
La pregunta de Chandler a Monica de si Richard utilizaba este método no tiene sentido. Fue precisamente él quien le enseñó a hacerlo y, a juzgar por estas imágenes, con bastante destreza. ¡Lo hace hasta sin mirar!
5. ¿Ross apropiándose del piso del viejo desnudo? El edificio lo habían destruido.
Imagen: YouTube
En el que todos se enteran, temporada 5: ya saben que el viejo desnudo al final se muda, por lo que Ross está convencido de quedarse con el apartamento. Así que se dirige a casa del viejo, se desnuda y le ofrece magdalenas. El resto del grupo se deleita mirándolos.
Si te fijas bien, el edificio que se ve desde la ventana cambió por completo a lo largo de la serie. Desde momento que apareció el viejo desnudo hasta el momento en que se produjo el encuentro, el edificio debió haber sido demolido y reconstruido. Resulta muy poco probable que el viejo desnudo pudiera conseguir un piso nuevo en ese nuevo edificio, sobre todo en el mismo ángulo que se ve desde el apartamento de Monica.
Y hablando de arquitectura... en la serie, es un desastre. El balcón del piso de Monica cambia de tamaño, y desde el plano exterior no debería verse. El exterior también muestra que ni el piso de Monica ni el de Joey tendrían escaleras de incendios.
Bonus: Chandler, Joey y Ross son fans de Jungla de cristal, pero no reconocen a Bruce Willis.
En el que Ross conoce al padre de Elizabeth, sexta temporada: parece que este gazapo se hizo a conciencia y a los guionistas no les importó. De hecho, Bruce Willis hizo este cameo gratis por perder una apuesta con Matthew Perry .
En este vídeo puedes ver cómo Chandler, Joey y Ross disfrutan de una maratón de Jungla de Cristal y sin embargo no reconocieron a Bruce Willis el día que se presentó ante ellos. Un usuario de Reddit señaló más ejemplos de este tipo:
Susan Sarandon estaba en la lista de Ross de las mujeres con las que tenía permiso para acostarse; Joey luego se acostó con un personaje interpretado por Susan Sarandon. Una vez reservan mesa con el nombre de "Winona Ryder" y Rachel fue al colegio con un personaje interpretado por Winona Ryder. Otra vez estaban intentando dar con el nombre de la capital de Camboya y dijeron: "Sean Penn", con quien luego se encontraron. A Ross se le ocurrió la idea de Jurassic Park y más tarde Joey conoció a un personaje interpretado por Jeff Goldblum.
Y algo más inquietante todavía: Jessica Rabbit estaba en la lista de Chandler de las famosas con las que podía acostarse; pues bien, el padre de Chandler es interpretado por la actriz Kathleen Turner, quien puso voz a Jessica Rabbit.
Traducción de Marina Velasco Serrano
TAMBIÉN TE PUEDE INTERESAR:

Sara Carbonero ensea sus cicatrices para defender la imperfeccinSara Carbonero enseña sus cicatrices para defender la imperfección
EL HUFFINGTON POST / AGENCIAS
Email
Comentarios
Desde hace unos días, la presentadora Tania Llasera se ha convertido en el ojo de las críticas y de las malas lenguas por su aumento de peso. Ha dejado de fumar y como consecuencia ha ganado algo de peso. Algo que para ella no es nada malo, pues, asegura, lo más importante es que el gran paso que ha dado tendrá efectos positivos para su salud.
Viendo esto, la periodista Sara Carbonero ha reflexionado en su blog sobre las 'Benditas imperfecciones' que tenemos todos (incluida ella con una cicatriz que podemos ver en las fotos que ella misma ha publicado) . Para la presentadora, no todos somos perfectos, "no somos robots perfectos diseñados por ordenador", y subraya que esas críticas tan duras pueden llevar al límite a muchas personas.
Para Sara Carbonero la valentía de Tania Llasera es digna de alabar y no de criticar con la palabra "gorda". "Me consta que Tania se lo ha tomado con filosofía y ha respondido diciendo que para ella lo más importante es la salud, haber dejado el tabaco después de 20 años, ¡casi nada! Se siente sexy y sin duda lo es. ¡Olé!", expresaba Sara.
Sara Carbonero advierte, además, de los peligros de estas críticas en mentes más jóvenes que pueden salir gravemente perjudicadas, incluso para los hijos de aquellos que son más críticos y puedan tener un autoestima algo baja. "La anorexia y la bulimia están a la orden del día entre jóvenes que intentan cumplir los cánones de belleza establecidos por la sociedad", advertía.
"Creo que la gente que hace sangre con este tipo de cosas no es consciente de los límites", afirmaba. "Siempre he defendido las críticas constructivas en cualquier ámbito pero no puedo comprender aquellas que se refieren al aspecto físico de las personas".
Close

Diez cambios que puedes hacer en tu casa para que sea ms relajante (FOTOS)Email
Comentarios
Tu casa debe ser tu refugio y santuario. Tiene que ser tu reino, el lugar al que llegas y te relajas después de un día duro, donde encuentras la desconexión, el descanso y disfrutas de los tuyos y de lo que te gusta hacer.
"Nuestra casa no es sólo una casa, es mucho más. Nuestra casa debería ser nuestro hogar, nuestro templo, nuestra guarida. Es el lugar donde nos encontramos más seguros, tranquilos y relajados, protegidos y felices", detalla al Huffington Post la psicóloga Ángela Gual . La clave para transformar una casa en un hogar está en los pequeños detalles que la hacen nuestra. "Descansaremos mejor en un lugar que nos inspire más confianza, podremos relajarnos más en un lugar en donde no nos sintamos amenazados. Un buen descanso lo conseguiremos si podemos evadirnos, abandonarnos al placer del reposo, del sosiego, y estos efectos sólo los lograremos en un entorno cuidadosamente elaborado por y para nosotros", añade.
¿Cómo conseguirlo? El orden, la luz, las plantas y la decoración son tus aliados. Apunta estos diez cambios a tu alcance que puedes ir incorporando a tu hogar, dándoles tu toque personal, para hacer de él un lugar más relajante.
1. PON ORDEN Y TIRA LO QUE NO USES
El desorden puede provocar estrés. De ahí la importancia de que tus cosas no invadan todo el espacio. La doctora Pamela Peek , especialista en psicología, asegura que la falta de organización puede provocar niveles altos de cortisol, conocida como hormona del estrés.
Así que lo primero es hacer limpieza y deshacerse de todas aquellas cosas que no necesitas. "A veces tenemos demasiadas cosas en casa y nos convertimos en esclavos de ellas", explica la psicóloga Laura Arocena a El Huffington Post. La especialista defiende la magia de lo suficiente: tener lo que necesitamos para vivir y no convertirnos en esclavos de lo que nos sobra.
Como diría Ellen Phillips, autora de libro Deshazte del Desorden: Quita el exceso de cosas, sin perder lo que quieres, "sólo lleva unos segundos y deja una sensación increíble".
37 cosas que tienes en casa y de las que deberías deshacerte de una vez
2. ALMACENA EN CAJAS y QUITA LAS COSAS DE LA VISTA
Primero te deshaces de lo que no quieres y luego organizas todo aquello que necesitas de modo que el espacio se mantenga visualmente libre. Así evitaremos lo que se conoce como contaminación visual. Este tipo de ambientes caóticos llevan a las personas a un estado de excitación y ansiedad momentánea, que puede traducirse en trastornos de atención, alteraciones del sistema nervioso, estrés por saturación de elementos y colores y mal humor. Una buena forma para evitarlo es almacenar las cosas en cajas y etiquetarlas convenientemente. Así no te olvidarás de lo que tienen y lo encontrarás con facilidad cuando lo busques.
3. INCORPORA ELEMENTOS CURVOS A LA DECORACIÓN
No se trata de que todos los elementos de tu salón sean redondeados pero tampoco es bueno que todos sean cuadrados. Según un estudio realizado en 2009 por Sibel Seda Dazkir, doctora en Diseño y Entorno Humano de la Universidad Estatal de Oregon (EEUU) , los muebles de formas sinuosas genera sensación de felicidad y relajación en la gente. En cambio, las líneas rectangulares provocan frialdad, hostilidad y pocas ganas de quedarse. De ahí que sean más rectos los muebles de los lugares públicos.
4. RECURRE A LAS FLORES
Las flores tienen un impacto inmediato sobre la felicidad y a largo plazo tienen un efecto positivo en los estados de ánimo. Un estudio sobre el impacto visual de las flores realizado en Nueva Jersey determinó que la gente tiende a sentirse menos deprimida y menos ansiosa cuando recibe flores y muestra una mayor sensación de satisfacción con la vida. Además, ayudan a establecer conexiones íntimas y mejorar el nivel de relación con familiares y amigos.
5. Y COMBÍNALAS CON PLANTAS
No sólo sirven para decorar: ofrecen beneficios para nuestra salud y nuestro estado de ánimo, además de incrementar el nivel de concentración. Uno de sus principales valores es que reducen el estrés. Según un estudio realizado en Países Bajos, la jardinería puede ayudar a combatir el estrés incluso mejor que otras actividades de ocio. También reducen la sensación de fatiga.
Otro estudio realizado en Noruega constató que alivian la depresión. Para esta investigación, personas que habían sido diagnosticadas con depresión o trastorno bipolar pasaron seis horas a la semana cultivando flores y verduras. Después de tres meses, la mitad de los participantes habían experimentado una mejora apreciable en sus síntomas.
Podrás comprobar todos los beneficios de las plantas si colocas una en tu hogar. Notarás que tu humor y bienestar mejorarán.
6. UN POCO DE OLOR
Velas, incienso, ambientadores, brumas para almohada... son muchas las opciones que te permitirán darle un toque de olor a tu casa.
Los beneficios son muchos, ya que a través del olfato se estimula el hemisferio derecho del cerebro, el lóbulo emocional, según cuenta Ángela Gual. "Esto significa que los olores, al igual que las imágenes, evocan sensaciones y sentimientos que, si son positivos, estimulan todo el sistema del placer, liberando serotonina y favoreciendo sensaciones de felicidad".
7. LA IMPORTANCIA DE LA PINTURA
La elección del color es fundamental. Cada tono puede hacerte sentir de una manera y unos pueden hacer que te encuentres más relajado que con otros. El libro Psicología del color. Cómo actúan los colores sobre los sentimientos y la razón, de Eva Heller detalla el efecto de los colores en las personas. Su principal conclusión es que los sentimientos de calma acerca del verde, por ejemplo, o de excitación y alegría respecto al rojo, son fruto de “experiencias universales profundamente enraizadas en nuestro lenguaje y nuestro pensamiento”, según escribe.
También un estudio realizado por la Universidad Estatal de Minnesota reveló que existen colores que podrían bajar considerablemente los niveles de estrés en una persona y con mayor razón si los ve constantemente en su casa. Según la psicóloga Gual, los colores histriónicos "excitan el sistema nervioso, poniéndonos en alerta y aumentando nuestros niveles de estrés y ansiedad. Por ello, se deben evitar colores muy intensos en la coloración de habitaciones en las que se quiera pasar mucho tiempo o en las estancias dedicadas al descanso o al reposo".
Los azules y grises realentizan la frecuencia cardiaca y la tensión arterial a la vez que ayudan a buscar la tranquilidad y la calma. El rosa pálido puede general el efecto contrario y, si se usa, es recomendable utilizarlo de forma combinada con otros elementos en color gris. Aquí tienes más consejos .
8. SÁBANAS DE COLORES CLAROS
Como no se trata de repintar toda las casa, sí podemos empezar con pequeños toques en el dormitorio. Las sábanas, cortinas y edredones deberían tener colores planos, neutros y ser lisos o mínimamente estampados. Así, el espacio resultará más acogedor y mucho menos estresante, por lo que podrás descansar mejor.
9. FOMENTA LA LUZ NATURAL
No sólo evitarás encender durante más tiempo las lámparas eléctricas, sino que con la luz natural rendirás más, tu estrés disminuirá, no alterarás tu reloj biológico y por tanto, dormirás mejor, y tu estado de ánimo será mejor, según recoge esta guía para el aprovechamiento de la luz natural del Ministerio de Industria, Energía y Turismo.
Durante el día procura que tus cortinas no sean demasiado opacas para que permitan pasar más luz. Mamparas y puertas corredizas de cristal te ayudarán a construir espacios más diáfanos y a aprovechar estos beneficios.
10. DECORA CON FOTOS DE FAMILIA Y MOMENTOS ALEGRES
Hasta ahora, arquitectos y diseñadores sabían elegir bien las formas, los colores, la iluminación y la disposición de los elementos para crear tranquilidad, alegría, recogimiento o cualquier otra sensación acorde con el espacio que estaban acondicionando. Pero no sabían bien por qué cada cosa causa un efecto psicológico diferente.
Como señala Gual, cada objeto tiene un significado especial para cada persona, son símbolos que personalizan su entorno: "Estos objetos pueden representar amor, paz, felicidad... y ayudan a mejorar la sensación de confort y de calidez del propio espacio".
Tener a tu alrededor fotografías de las personas que quieres o de momentos felices evocarán emociones positivas. "Nos recuerdan los sentimientos que tenemos eh relación a esas personas y los que ellas sienten hacia nosotros. Amor, familia, unidad, apoyo, comprensión...que por supuesto, evocadas en imágenes que nos recuerdan esas sensaciones, nos hacen sentir más felices", añade Gual. Aquí tienes algunas ideas para decorar con fotografías.
TAMBIÉN TE PUEDE INTERESAR

La calle opina: Votaras ahora a Podemos (VDEO)Email
Comentarios
Podemos dio la gran sorpresa en las elecciones europeas de mayo. Desde los medios, han sometido a escrutinio al partido, que también ha recibido ataques por parte de casi todas las formaciones políticas grandes .
¿Han afectado las críticas a la formación de Pablo Iglesias? A juzgar por los últimos sondeos del CIS, no , ya que se acerca en intención de voto hasta a los grandes partidos. Pero esa situación cambia cada día, con nuevas declaraciones y apariciones públicas, tanto del partido como de sus críticos.
Hemos salido a la calle para averiguar si, a día de hoy, la gente votaría a Podemos. En el vídeo de arriba tienes la respuesta.
Debate y participa con tu voto y tus argumentos:
Close
Cosas que Podemos es para el PP
de

Hawking: "No hay ningn Dios  los milagros no son compatibles con la ciencia"Hawking: "No hay ningún Dios, los milagros no son compatibles con la ciencia"
EL HUFFINGTON POST / AGENCIAS
Email
Comentarios
El científico británico Stephen Hawking ha subrayado en España la importancia de contar con "licenciados con formación científica para garantizar el desarrollo económico" y ha advertido de la dificultad de que los jóvenes opten por carreras científicas si siguen los recortes.
En un encuentro con el diario El Mundo, Hawking, que esta semana interviene en el Festival Starmus de Tenerife, deja un mensaje para el Gobierno español: "No se puede animar a los jóvenes a estudiar carreras científicas con recortes en el campo de la investigación".
LEE AQUÍ LA ENTREVISTA COMPLETA
El prestigioso físico inglés, que sufre una enfermedad neurodegenerativa desde los 21 años , señala en la entrevista que le gustaría ser recordado por su trabajo en la cosmología y los agujeros negros.
Hawking también deja clara su postura sobre la religión: "Antes de que entendiéramos la ciencia, lo lógico era creer que Dios creó el Universo pero ahora la ciencia ofrece una explicación más convincente (...) no hay ningún Dios. Soy ateo. La religión cree en los milagros, pero estos no son compatibles con la ciencia".
¿ENTENDER EL ORIGEN DEL UNIVERSO?
En esa línea, el científico confía en que el hombre terminará entendiendo el origen y la estructura del Universo: "De hecho, ahora mismo ya estamos cerca de lograr este objetivo. En mi opinión, no hay ningún aspecto de la realidad fuera del alcance de la mente humana".
El prestigioso científico, que usa un complejo sistema para comunicarse que activa con sus mejillas, tiene previsto intervenir en dos ocasiones en el Festival Starmus: para explicar su teoría acerca de cómo el Bosón de Higgs podría causar la destrucción del Universo y para hablar de agujeros negros
Más:

Qu es el populismo y quin es populista en Espaa¿Qué es el populismo y quién es populista en España?
Publicado:
Email
Comentarios
"El final del populismo es la Venezuela de Chávez" ; "Los partidos populistas han llegado a España"; "Es populismo bolivariano de telepredicador".
Son frases del secretario general del PSOE, Pedro Sánchez; de la líder de UPyD, Rosa Díez, y del vicesecretario de Organización del PP, Carlos Floriano, respectivamente. Los tres criticaban a Podemos.
Es sólo una muestra de que la palabra 'populismo' está de moda entre los partidos políticos españoles, que la utilizan constantemente como arma arrojadiza. Sin embargo, el término no figura en el diccionario de la RAE y en el ámbito académico hay un largo debate sobre qué demonios significa exactamente.
Con todo, el propio Pedro Sánchez explicó este fin de semana lo que es para él los populismos: "Un proyecto que se construye sobre el descrédito del otro, sin aportar soluciones ni futuro a la sociedad española. O mejor dicho, con propuestas que provocarían frustración y un pobre futuro en España".
Atreverse, como Sánchez, a decir qué es el populismo, tiene su mérito. Santiago Míguez, director del Departamento de Sociología y Ciencia Política de la Universidad de A Coruña reconoce que definirlo "no es fácil", pero indica que el populismo es "una forma de hacer política" que busca "alcanzar o influir en el poder" y afirma que tiene alguno de estos tres elementos básicos:
Un fuerte liderazgo ("ampliamente o unanimemente aceptado por sus seguidores"); mesianismo ("se entiende al pueblo como enfrentado con las clases dominantes y sus líderes se presentan como redentores de los humildes") y anti-establishment ("propósito de superación de las instituciones vigentes, a las que se critica como obsoletas y al servicio del establishment").
¿ES BUENO O MALO?
Xavier Casals, doctor en Historia Contemporánea, niega, como se cree habitualmente, que el populismo sea siempre negativo. Admite que la "mayoría de los expertos señalan que desvaloriza la democracia y crea la ilusión de que es muy fácil acortar la distancia entre representantes y representados". Pero destaca que otras tesis, como las de Ernesto Laclau, dicen que garantizan la democracia y que no hay que estimigmatizarlo".
En esa dirección apunta Ariel Jerez, profesor de Ciencia Política en la Universidad Complutense de Madrid y miembro de Podemos , quien lamenta que el término tenga ahora una fuerte carga peyorativa. "Los grandes medios de comunicación han cargado de negatividad el concepto y las mayorías sociales siguen recibiéndolo como tal. Por tanto, en la disputa política hay quien lo utiliza como arma arrojadiza ignorando de manera interesada un trasfondo mucho más problemático y complejo que hay en el debate académico", destaca.
Muy de acuerdo con esa tesis está Juan Carlos Cuevas, también profesor de la Complutense, quien critica que se está intentando identificar populismo con "democracia asamblearia" con "una clara voluntad difamatoria".
UN BUEN CALDO DE CULTIVO
Los expertos coinciden: los discursos populistas están ganando peso en España en los últimos años porque había un caldo de cultivo muy propicio para ello debido a la crisis. Pero Cuevas, por ejemplo, lo resta importancia y afirma que el nivel de “populismo" de la política española es perfectamente equiparable al que hay en el resto de las democracias europeas, una de cuyas máxima expresiones, dice, es el Movimiento 5 Estrellas de Beppe Grillo.
Y, como en todo, la pregunta es: ¿Fue antes el huevo o la gallina? Casals responde rotundo: "El populismo no causa la crisis del sistema. Es la crisis del sistema la que abre las compuertas al populismo".
Una opinión que, con matices, comparte Ariel Jerez. Afirma que el populismo es una "manera de pensar determinadas coyunturas históricas", como cuando "las identidades sociales ya no tienen representación política porque las élites han tomado decisiones de las que dudan las grandes mayorías".
En ese contexto, explica, esas grandes mayorías no se sienten representadas y "de golpe, la aparición de un líder o un discurso coherente a eso hace que estas demandas puedan entrar en la arena política".
¿QUIÉN ES POPULISTA EN ESPAÑA?
Los hay históricos (Jesús Gil, Mario Conde y José María Ruiz Mateos) que cumplen la prueba del algodón que menciona Francisco Roldán, presidente de la Asociación Española de Consultores Políticos : "A los populistas, normalmente, se les quiere o se les odia a muerte".
Pero, ¿quién es populista ahora? Los expertos afirman que hay rasgos de populismo en muchas formaciones políticas, pero ningún líder reúne todas las características de un gran populista.
Podemos. La gran mayoría de los expertos consultados afirman que la formación de Pablo Iglesias contiene elementos claramente populistas. Jerez subraya que Podemos "tiene un componente populista autoasumido, incluso dentro de un debate". "Podemos está debatiendo qué significa ser populista. Es un avance que alguien quiera discutir una idea que tiene esa carga negativa y es parte de su cometido", afirma.
Míguez va por otro lado y asegura que Podemos es populista porque algunas de sus medidas comportarían  actualmente muchos más inconvenientes que beneficios: la renta básica para todos los ciudadanos, declarar el impago de la deuda soberana o la nacionalización del sistema bancario.
Pero Juan Carlos Cuevas, de la Complutense, discrepa por completo, y critica que todo lo que tiene que ver con Podemos, "por novedoso", es tildado de populismo. "Tienden a calificarse de populismo las respuestas que se dan a las demandas del conjunto de la ciudadanía", subraya.
Todos los nuevos partidos. Xavier Casals afirma que las formaciones de reciente formación tienen un componente populista porque sus discursos son esencialmente anti-establishment y las nuevas denominaciones son "inclusivas y transversales" (Ciutadans, Foro Asturias Ciudadano), con "valores" (Unión Progreso y Democracia, Compromís) o con imperativos (Podemos, Ganemos), de tal forma que "el enunciado es el programa".
"Se caracterizan porque se presentan como proyecciones de la sociedad civil. Nadie quiere presentarse como político profesional", explica.
Juan Carlos Cuevas, de la Complutense, afirma en cambio que las formaciones de izquierda "se han acercado más a las demandas directas de la ciudadanía, pero sus respuestas, sus propuestas, se basan en el sentido común".
UPyD: La expresión "casta política" la emplea también UPyD, según afirma  Xavier Casals. "Sus mensajes también se centran en ese discurso crítico con la partidocracia, el bipartismo, y exhortan a la movilización", afirma.
Jerez destaca que la formación magenta reúne otro de los rasgos propios del populismo por el tipo de "liderazgo carismático" que intenta jugar Rosa Díez dentro de la formación. Tanto Jerez como Casals aplican a Ciudadanos los mismos factores populistas que a UPyD.
PSOE, PP y CiU: Pero el populismo ha llegado incluso al discurso de Rajoy y se irá incrementando a medida que se acerquen las elecciones, según asegura Santiago Míguez.
"Para detener la sangría de votos, las primeras medidas anunciadas han sido las de mantener las deducciones fiscales o la de bajar los tipos impositivos del impuesto de la renta y sociedades. Algo que no casa con las políticas de austeridad que viene aplicando", insiste.
Ariel Jerez se remonta más en el tiempo y añade que "cuando Aznar nos dijo durante tantos años que España va bien, retrospectivamente podemos decir que España no iba tan bien". "Creo que ese fue un periodo altamente populista pero que no identificamos como tal", afirma.
Francisco Roldán, de la Asociación Española de Consultores Políticos, mete en el mismo saco a PP, a PSOE y a todos los partidos en general "en cuanto a que no cumplen lo que dicen". De la quema no se libra ni el presidente de la Generalitat, Artur Mas, que, en su opinión, es populista al plantear la independencia de Cataluña como la solución de todos los males.
Sin dejar de lado a CiU, Jerez asegura que el liderazgo de Jordi Pujol en Cataluña durante 20 años jugó con una serie de bazas que tienen rasgos populistas: "Liderazgo, interpretar todas las demandas de la sociedad catalana en determinada clave aunándolas a través de determinados parámetros nacionalistas..."
¿HACIA DÓNDE VAMOS?
Y, tras el populismo, ¿qué? Xavier Casals pronostica que, "como el sistema es incapaz de regenerase", el populismo está llamado a tener "la centralidad" del marco político.
"Nos deslizamos hacia una política mucho más fragmentada, más plural y con discursos políticos mucho más estridentes y con mayor carga populista".
Más:

7 datos para concienciar en el Da Mundial del Alzheimer7 datos para concienciar en el Día Mundial del Alzheimer
EL HUFFINGTON POST / AGENCIAS
Email
Comentarios
Una vez que el Alzheimer ha mostrado los primeros síntomas, la familia tiene un papel fundamental para ayudar a ralentizar la evolución de esta enfermedad incurable que este domingo celebra su Día Mundial. Este mal se caracteriza en su forma típica por una pérdida de la memoria inmediata y de otras capacidades mentales.
Aquí tienes 7 datos que muestran la magnitud de este mal.
1-. Más de 600.000 personas sufren esta enfermedad en España y se calcula que unos 200.000 enfermos están sin diagnosticar, según la Sociedad Española de Neurología. En el mundo, afecta a 44 millones de personas.
2-. En España se diagnostican cada año unos 40.000 nuevos casos de Alzheimer.
3-. El número de afectados por esta enfermedad aumentará de forma muy considerable en las próximas décadas, hasta el punto de que en 2050 podrían existir más de 1,5 millones de personas afectadas en España. Esta tendencia responde al envejecimiento de la población propia de las sociedades desarrolladas, ya que se trata de un desorden neurodegenerativo progresivo ligado a la edad.
4-. La enfermedad genera un gasto anual cercano a los 36.000 millones de euros en España, una cifra que se duplicará en los próximos veinte años en sintonía con el mismo incremento que se prevé que registre el número de afectados
5-. Un paciente con Alzheimer necesita, de media, unas 70 horas semanales de cuidados y, en la mayoría de los casos, sobre el 80%, los responsables del cuidado del paciente suelen ser los familiares.
6-. El 50% de los pacientes son mayores de 85 años.
7-. En la actualidad no existe un tratamiento eficaz contra el alzhéimer, cuyos  ensayos clínicos han fracasado en un 99,6%, según un estudio publicado por Cleveland Clinic.
Más:

El falso mito de que los humanos solo utilizamos el 10% de nuestro cerebroPrevious Story
Next Story
Desmontando a 'Lucy': el falso mito de que los humanos solo utilizamos el 10% de nuestro cerebro
JAVIER YANES (EL HUFFINGTON POST)
Publicado:
Email
Comentarios
No es que nadie en su sano juicio vaya a creer al pie de la letra la trama de Lucy, la última película del director francés Luc Besson, estrenada en España el pasado 22 de agosto . A saber, y tomando como premisa que los humanos solo empleamos el 10% de nuestro cerebro, una muchacha sufre un accidente por el cual su sangre recibe una descarga de una droga sintética que le permite explotar al completo su capacidad mental. El resultado es que la mujer, interpretada por Scarlett Johansson , adquiere poderes psíquicos sobrenaturales con los que puede controlar el mundo a su alrededor.
El problema es que muchos tomarán como hecho probado la premisa en la que se basa la fantasía de Besson. El mito del diez por ciento es uno de los bulos científicos más extendidos y pertinaces del mundo, que resurge periódicamente gracias a ciertas campañas publicitarias o, como ahora, a películas de ciencia ficción.
Nadie parece saber a ciencia cierta cuándo ni dónde nació esta leyenda urbana, de la que existen referencias escritas desde el primer tercio del siglo XX. Una de las alusiones más populares se remonta a uno de los primeros best sellers de autoayuda, Cómo ganar amigos e influir sobre las personas, publicado por Dale Carnegie en 1936 . El prologuista del libro, Lowell Thomas, se refería a un psicólogo de la Universidad de Harvard llamado William James , atribuyéndole la cita de que el humano medio solo desarrolla el diez por ciento de su capacidad mental.
Lo cierto es que James había investigado sobre la educación de los niños prodigio y solía afirmar que cada persona solo alcanza una fracción de su potencial intelectual; el porcentaje lo puso Thomas de su propia cosecha, tal vez influido por otras fuentes que ya por entonces manejaban esta cifra. Pero incluso en este caso, una cosa es decir que no explotamos todos nuestros recursos mentales, y otra muy diferente afirmar que solo utilizamos una porción minoritaria del cerebro. “Sería como decir que los niños utilizan una parte aún menor, dado que todavía no han desarrollado muchas capacidades de los adultos”, apunta el neurobiólogo Javier de Felipe, profesor de investigación del Instituto Cajal (CSIC) y director del Laboratorio de Circuitos Corticales de la Universidad Politécnica de Madrid y el CSIC.
A partir de ahí, y una vez dado ese salto conceptual que desvirtúa por completo la hipótesis de James, el terreno está abonado para que el mito dé pie a toda clase de veleidades y especulaciones. El negocio de la autoayuda y la publicidad lo han explotado repetidamente, y la cultura New Age lo ha aplicado a corrientes como el llamado Movimiento del Potencial Humano . El tirón popular de las creencias en capacidades psíquicas ocultas ha sido inmenso. ¿Quién no recuerda las cucharas dobladas de Uri Geller ? En su libro Little book of mindpower (El pequeño libro del poder mental), el ilusionista israelí escribía: “La mayoría de nosotros solo utiliza alrededor del 10% de nuestro cerebro, como mucho. El otro 90% está lleno de potencial oculto y capacidades por descubrir”.
"UNA SOBERANA ESTUPIDEZ"
Bonito, pero falso. Hoy disponemos de tecnologías de neuroimagen como la resonancia magnética funcional , que muestra en una pantalla la actividad de distintas áreas del cerebro cuando un sujeto realiza una determinada tarea. Y es una de las más claras refutaciones del mito del diez por ciento. “Cada vez que visualizamos la actividad del cerebro por resonancia magnética ante distintas tareas, o incluso en reposo, lo que se ve es que todo el cerebro está activado”, explica el neurocientífico italo-argentino Gustavo Deco, director del Center for Brain and Cognition y del grupo de Neurociencia Computacional de la Universitat Pompeu Fabra de Barcelona . Deco ha realizado simulaciones por computación de la actividad espontánea del cerebro en reposo, y su dictamen es concluyente: el estribillo del diez por ciento es “una soberana estupidez”.
Por otra parte, si el mito fuera cierto, se deduciría que la inteligencia o las capacidades cognitivas estarían relacionadas con una mayor masa cerebral en acción. Sin embargo, la experiencia demuestra que no es así. En el siglo XIX, algunos científicos estudiaron el cerebro de los genios para indagar qué los distinguía del resto de los mortales. Y pronto se comprendió que el tamaño no importa. “Anatole France, premio Nobel de literatura, tenía un cerebro de solo unos mil gramos, mientras que el de Lord Byron pesaba el doble, unos 2,2 kilos”, recuerda De Felipe. Más recientemente, el estudio de otros cerebros como el de Albert Einstein ha confirmado que la inteligencia no se reparte al peso. “No se hace más con más masa cerebral”, aduce el neurobiólogo.
Secciones del cerebro de Albert Einstein en una exposición en Londres en 2012.
Y si la cuestión no es el tamaño o la cantidad de materia gris, ¿cuál es? “La clave es la organización del cerebro, cómo se le saca mayor provecho”, resume De Felipe. Bajo esa apariencia de masa homogénea, el cerebro esconde en realidad una estructura microscópica consistente en un complejo y delicado sistema de circuitería fina. Cada milímetro cúbico de corteza cerebral de un ratón contiene unas 90.000 neuronas y tres kilómetros de axones, los cables de esos circuitos. En cada milímetro cúbico del neuropilo, la región que conecta las neuronas con la médula espinal, se producen entre 1.000 y 3.000 millones de conexiones neuronales, llamadas sinapsis. Deco enfatiza que, también a este nivel microscópico, “cuando uno estudia un par de centímetros cuadrados de, por ejemplo, la corteza visual de una rata, lo que se ve es que la gran mayoría de las neuronas están activadas”.
A su vez, esos circuitos se organizan en áreas con una cierta especialización; de ahí que, por ejemplo, una lesión en la corteza visual pueda dañar la vista sin afectar a otras capacidades. Con todo, la asignación de funciones a regiones aún es materia de investigación, y de esta se concluye que el cerebro no es un sistema modular como un motor, en el que cada pieza tiene su función exclusiva e insustituible. La realidad es más compleja, ya que las interconexiones del sistema son esenciales para la función. Esta semana, la revista científica PNAS ha publicado un estudio en el que se han examinado la conducta y las capacidades de 30 personas con daño cerebral localizado. El resultado fue que ciertas personas mostraban una discapacidad mayor según la zona dañada, lo que ha permitido a los investigadores identificar seis nodos o cajas de conexiones que son vitales para la integridad del sistema. “El daño en estos nodos produce una discapacidad cognitiva mucho mayor que si se produce en otras áreas”, escriben los científicos.
¿Significa esto que el cerebro es un sistema cerrado y completo, y que no podemos sacar más partido de él? Ni mucho menos. Deco apunta un caso en consonancia con la trama de Lucy: “Sí es cierto que a través de ciertas drogas se pueda mejorar el funcionamiento del cerebro; es lo que se conoce como cognitive enhancement [mejora cognitiva]. Por ejemplo, el Ritalin se utiliza para los niños con déficit de atención. Ese aspecto de la película está bien”.
CUESTIÓN DE SOFTWARE Y NO DE HARDWARE
Pero no hace falta recurrir a las drogas para que el cerebro dé más de sí. El pasado agosto, la revista científica Brain publicaba un caso insólito. Una mujer china de 24 años acudió al médico por un persistente episodio de náuseas y vómitos. Cuando los doctores examinaron el interior de su cabeza por resonancia magnética, apenas podían dar crédito a lo que vieron: la joven carecía por completo de cerebelo , un pequeño órgano adjunto al cerebro que controla funciones motoras como hablar y caminar. En condiciones normales, una persona a la que se le extirpara el cerebelo perdería por completo el habla y el movimiento. Pero la joven china solo mostraba ciertos problemas posturales y de pronunciación.
Una cabeza con y sin cerebelo.
La respuesta está en la plasticidad. A lo largo del crecimiento del individuo, las funciones de las áreas que faltan pueden ser asumidas por otras partes del sistema. “Durante el desarrollo, si falta una zona, los circuitos se reorganizan”, dice De Felipe. “En casos de accidente cerebrovascular, si una parte se daña, otras regiones pueden compensar esas funciones, aunque no por completo”, añade Deco. Y es esta plasticidad del cerebro la que permite que, tal y como afirmaba William James, tengamos un potencial por desarrollar. Esto ha ocurrido a lo largo de la evolución, pero no es una cuestión de hardware o masa cerebral, sino de software. “Nuestro cerebro tiene 200.000 años de antigüedad; la capacidad que tenemos ahora es muy superior a la de hace 50.000 años, pero el cerebro es el mismo, solo que entonces no tenía el esqueleto intelectual necesario”, ilustra De Felipe.
Esta cualidad es la que facilita a los niños tareas como aprender a hablar, a escribir o a sumar. Según De Felipe, “la educación es crítica, porque cambia la estructura de las conexiones cerebrales. Pensemos en el mito de Tarzán: un niño que crece en la selva tiene el mismo cerebro, pero crece como un salvaje. El niño que recibe educación no utiliza una parte mayor de su cerebro, sino que este se vuelve más eficaz porque se construyen los circuitos óptimos”.
En resumen, todo indica que nunca lograremos mover objetos con la mente o reemplazar el móvil por la telepatía, más barata y sin permanencia. Pero nos queda una esperanza: “Si un ordenador lo programas mejor, es capaz de hacer más cosas. Continuamente estamos aprendiendo a utilizar mejor el cerebro. Podemos potenciarlo”, sugiere De Felipe, y concluye: “No sabemos hasta dónde podemos llegar”. Deco recuerda una reflexión del neurocientífico estadounidense Marcus Raichle : “Mi cerebro de hoy por la noche no es el mismo que el de hoy por la mañana, porque ha cambiado. Cambiamos día a día, hora a hora".
Más:

Pablo Iglesias reta a Pedro Snchez a debatir sus programas en televisinPablo Iglesias reta a Pedro Sánchez a debatir sus programas en televisión
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
Pablo Iglesias, líder de Podemos, ha retado a Pedro Sánchez, secretario general del PSOE, a debatir en televisión los programas políticos de ambas formaciones.
Iglesias ha llamado al programa La Sexta Noche de LaSexta para plantear este debate al líder de los socialistas.
"Quiero dar la oportunidad a Pedro Sánchez de demostrar si representa algo distinto a lo que representa hasta ahora el PSOE", ha expresado Iglesias, quien cree que "un debate con el líder del PSOE es algo que mucha gente querría ver" y que "La Sexta sería el escenario ideal".
Además, ha reconocido que Jordi Évole, presentador de Salvados, le planteó hace tiempo un debate con el secretario general del PSOE cuando los socialistas aún no habían elegido sustituto de Rubalcaba. "Me dijo que Eduardo Madina estaba dispuesto", ha explicado Iglesias.
Así lo ha explicado posteriormente el propio Évole en Twitter:
Desde @salvadostv hemos ofrecido un cara a cara tanto a @Pablo_Iglesias_ como a @sanchezcastejon . De hecho lo ofrecimos en el mes de julio.
— Jordi Évole (@jordievole) September 20, 2014
De momento tenemos el OK de @Pablo_Iglesias_ y un compromiso de @sanchezcastejon . Por eso, no tiramos la toalla. No tenemos el NO de nadie.
— Jordi Évole (@jordievole) September 20, 2014
"NO BASTA EL MARKETING"
Sobre la nueva estrategia de comunicación de Sánchez, que estuvo en Sálvame y en El Hormiguero el pasado jueves, ha explicado que es "muy respetable" pero que "a veces en política es importante que el maquillaje y la cosmética se traduzcan en actos" y que "para eso no basta el marketing, hacen falta los hechos y un poquito de biografía de verdad".
En respuesta a Iglesias, Antonio Miguel Carmona, diputado regional socialista y posible candidato a la Alcaldía de Madrid, ha asegurado que con quien debería debatir es con el presidente del Gobierno, Mariano Rajoy.
Más:

Credit Growth Likely to Pick Up from Q4: PNBYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Credit Growth Likely to Pick Up from Q4: PNB
Published On:                  September 22, 2014                 | Duration: 5 min, 54 sec

Rockefeller Brothers fund to sell fossil fuel assetsRockefeller Brothers fund to sell fossil fuel assets
Rockefeller Brothers fund to sell fossil fuel assets
On "Movers & Shakers," Trish Regan reports on the Rockefeller Brothers Fund divesting itself of fossil-fuel assets.
On "Movers & Shakers," Trish Regan reports on the Rockefeller Brothers Fund divesting itself of fossil-fuel assets.

The nuts and bolts of reviving growthThe nuts and bolts of reviving growth
Amit Dalal
Tweet
Like China, we need to create the right policies to propel manufacturing into a higher trajectory
The desired rate of growth of a country always attracts a lot of media interest. And with good reason. Sample some tickers: China is in a slump if its GDP grows less than 8 per cent; the US should grow above 3 per cent to be considered buoyant; India must get out of below 5 per cent growth rate and rise to above 8 per cent.
Globally, media and market participants have made growth rate a driver of investor sentiment and perhaps may also unduly influence government policy.
That said, it is now long forgotten that economic development is the foundation on which a country and its people prosper, and the result is growth.
Economic development is the result of sustained, concerted actions of policymakers and communities that promote the standard of living and economic health of a specific area.
Such actions can involve multiple areas including the development of human capital, critical infrastructure, regional competitiveness, environmental sustainability, social inclusion, health, safety, literacy and other initiatives.
Development and growth
Economic development differs from economic growth. Economic development is a policy endeavour which aims at economic and social wellbeing; economic growth is a phenomenon of productivity and rise in GDP.
Consequently, as economist Amartya Sen points out: “economic growth is one aspect of the process of economic development.”
To its credit, the present government has not targeted a growth rate; instead it has laboriously chalked out development vision and objectives which will form the foundation of economic development. To appreciate the impact of concerted development policy on human development and economic growth, there is perhaps no other better example than China.
The process of liberalisation and unleashing of the forces of development and entrepreneurship started in China in 1978.
Experts talk of the four phases of development in China, namely, Emancipation (1978-84), Reckoning (1985-89), Rebirth (1990s) and Overdrive (2000s).
A report by the US congressional Research Service called, ‘China’s Economic Rise: History, Trends, Challenges, and Implications for the United States’ traces the various steps taken and stages of development of China over the last three decades.
The report states that beginning 1979, China launched several economic reforms and continued the journey of implementation over the last three decades.
The report says economists generally attribute much of China’s rapid economic growth to two main factors: large-scale capital investment (financed by large domestic savings and foreign investment) and rapid productivity growth.
These factors appear to have gone together hand in hand. Economic reforms led to higher efficiency in the economy, which boosted output and increased resources for additional investment in the economy.
The foreign factor
China’s trade and investment reforms and incentives led to a surge in FDI beginning in the early 1990s. Such flows have been a major source of China’s productivity gains and rapid economic and trade growth.
The extent of to which foreign enterprise and capital has contributed to China’s development is staggering:
There were reportedly 445,244 foreign-invested enterprises (FIEs) registered in China in 2010, employing 55.2 million people or 15.9 per cent of the urban workforce.
FIEs account for a significant share of China’s industrial output, increasing from 2.3 per cent in 1990 to a high of 35.9 per cent in 2003.
FIEs are responsible for a significant level of China’s foreign trade. In 2013, FIEs in China accounted for 47.3 per cent of China’s exports and 44.8 per cent of its imports.
FIEs in China dominate China’s high technology exports. From 2002 to 2010, the share of China’s high tech exports by FIEs rose from 79 per cent to 82 per cent.
According to the United Nations, annual FDI flows to China grew from $2 billion 1985 to an estimated $121 billion in 2013. The U.N. further estimates the stock of FDI in China through 2012 at $832.9 billion.
Unfortunately, India, where liberalisation began in 1991, seems to drift in its execution of ambitious development plans.
Perhaps, being a complex democracy it has given birth to regressive structures which tend to retard development and growth.
India seems to have reached a mature “Emancipation and Reckoning stage” and is now moving into “Rebirth stage”. India continues to depend substantially on Agriculture and Services as engines of growth and contributors to GDP.
Agriculture recorded a growth of 165.13 per cent in India as compared to 121.81 per cent in China between 2004 and 2011.
Services constitutes more than 51.15 per cent of our GDP, similar to any developed nation which enjoys state of the art infrastructure and whose per capita income is amongst the highest in the world. We are still a poor nation with poor infrastructure.
Economic reforms and trade and investment liberalisation helped transform China into a major trading power.
Chinese merchandise exports rose from $14 billion in 1979 to $2.2 trillion in 2013, while merchandise imports grew from $18 billion to $1.9 trillion.
Manufacturing focus
China has emerged as the world’s largest manufacturer according to the United Nations.
It overtook Japan as the world’s second-largest manufacturer on a gross value-added basis in 2006 and the US in 2010.
In 2012, the value of China’s manufacturing on a gross value-added basis was 28.2 per cent higher than that in the US. Manufacturing plays a considerably more important role in the Chinese economy than it does for the US and Japan.
In 2011, China’s gross valued-added manufacturing was equal to 30.5 per cent of GDP, compared to 12.3 per cent for the US and 18.7 per cent for Japan.
Perhaps, if at all India needs to target a number, it is its merchandise trade deficit and low representation of manufacturing.
We need to move to an era of trade surplus for which we need to increase the level of manufacturing activity.
The constitution of India’s GDP, even after a period of substantial growth is largely represented by agriculture and services. Indian manufacturing as percentage of GDP is a low 13.72 per cent while in China it stands at 32.27 per cent.
Many market analysts and investors have forecasted India to be a $5 trillion dollar economy by 2020.
It is safe to summarise that this monumental target cannot be achieved without India achieving a merchandise trade surplus supported by a manufacturing base which represents more than 20 per cent of the GDP.
To make this possible, like China, India will have to invite foreign companies to invest and build multi-billion dollar export-oriented complexes.
The markets have found the Prime Minister’s vision exciting and laudable. Inflows into equity markets have revived.
If investments are productively implemented, the momentum created from the allocations will drive growth and sentiment.
If execution becomes a risk, all attention will move back to GDP growth rate rather than the factors which make high growth possible over a period.
The writer is executive director of Tata Investment Corporation. The views are personal
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

A smarter way to find new drugsA smarter way to find new drugs
Sanjay Purohit
End to end solutions Big Data push to research In Green / shutterstock.com
The pharma sector needs to embrace emerging technologies like Big Data analytics and cloud computing
What is the secret sauce of accelerating innovation when it comes to critical areas such as drug discovery, personalised medicines or simulated healthcare? Embracing continual innovation was always an imperative for the life sciences companies to stay relevant, and stay alive. This is not just confined to the new drug discovery team within the company, it spans the entire value chain of the innovation ecosystem. The question is whether enough is being done to drive R&D innovation in the pharmaceutical industry.
And we cannot find the answers in silos. A cross-pollination of ideas across the ecosystem is vital as pharmaceutical companies are caught in the conundrum of navigating an increasingly complex global environment driven by competing market and consumer pressures, regulatory changes and a constant need for life-saving innovations.
Pressure on R&D
The truth is with investors getting wary, the price of drugs being perceived as high, and regulatory compliance getting increasingly stringent, R&D productivity is under tremendous pressure. Added to this, the introduction of innovative drugs has hit a slow track.
What compounds the woes is a high failure rate. Of every 5,000 projects, only one completes the drug development process and only one in five of these actually returns its R&D investment.
The time from drug discovery to approval can take up to 15 years; the average cost of bringing a pharmaceutical product to the market is $800 million and growing. The key to reducing costs lies in compressing the discovery cycle by eliminating redundant research and identifying new business models.
To sail smart in the new normal and thrive, pharmaceutical companies must tap emerging technologies such as big data analytics and cloud to streamline their IT operations and deliver safer and affordable healthcare for all. Advanced analytics, mathematical modelling and simulation tools and machine-based discovery technologies, enable enterprises to mine terabytes of data, uncover innovation opportunities and predict the most profitable research outcomes.
In addition to reducing cost, the optimal usage of such technologies can help save millions of lives and improve patient outcomes.
Disruptive technology
The good news is that with rising healthcare costs becoming a key constraint, enterprises, practitioners and policymakers are keen on exploring disruptive technologies to help solve critical, healthcare challenges.
For instance, a novel cloud-based clinical trial supply management solution helps life sciences companies significantly enhance efficiency of clinical trial processes by driving greater collaboration between pharmaceutical companies and contract research organisations.
Besides improving the productivity of the overall drug development process, this ensures timely and accurate supply of drugs to patients at reduced costs. As a result, enterprises can price products competitively while adhering to the stringent standards required to bring products safely to consumers.
Likewise, Big Data promises smarter healthcare — a paradigm shift from corrective to preventive medicine and personalised medicine, as silos of disparate information gives way to novel actionable insights for medicos.
With sophisticated data analytics technologies, machine learning software can point to abnormalities and predict health issues while smartphones and “iAnythings” are empowering the patient to monitor his health. As doctors rely on such technology for diagnosis and decision-making, there is a marked improvement in procedure performance, decreased healthcare costs, and improved patient-centric care.
Indeed, the emergence of advanced simulation technologies is proving a boon for better diagnosing osteoporosis and accurately quantifying fracture risk. This provides medical practitioners with a new, comprehensive and non-invasive way to examine individual bones and skeletal structure, and determine the best course of action.
Better understanding
For instance, 3D models simulating the working of the human heart offers medical professionals and scientists a near real-life scenario to improve understanding of the complexities of human heart disorders. The model simulates the heart’s functioning, in particular the deformation of heart tissues due to certain stress conditions.
While this helps medical professionals diagnose heart disorders faster and with a higher level of precision, it enables medical device manufacturers test and validate implants to detect and quickly correct anomalies. This is expected to lead to better-designed medical devices, faster regulatory and compliance approval, and improved time-to-market for those devices.
Promoting new life science technologies would require companies to forge a strong partnership across scientists, researchers and local communities — a collaboration rooted in transparency, clear guidelines for intellectual property and, most importantly, a patient-centric mindset.
Towards collaboration
For effective collaboration, data standardisation, integration and interoperability are vital. And information management, an important area on which pharmaceutical companies need to focus.
For instance, the entire clinical development process generates an enormous amount of data which is not efficiently used. If this information is integrated with that from the discovery phase and other studies, companies can garner insights that could result in new drugs or help avoid costly failures.
Making the clinical trial data available to all can accelerate the innovation trajectory and establish a stronger research foundation for the industry. While it requires an unwavering focus on future-oriented life-saving drugs and tech-enabled innovations to accelerate growth, the pharmaceutical industry must address drug prices and price discrepancies across regions.
Significantly, innovation thrives at the intersection of open collaboration amongst all the stakeholders including industry, academia, regulators, policymakers, government and investors. However, at the core of it remains a focus on patient-centric solutions to create a healthy economy and a pink planet.
(The writer is the CEO of EdgeVerve Systems_
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

De verdad me tengo que duchar antes de meterme en la piscinaPregunta:: ¿De verdad me tengo que duchar antes de meterme en la piscina?
Respuesta: El cartelito que ponen en las taquillas no es una simple sugerencia. Si bien la mayoría de los bañistas sí que se ducha después de la piscina (para quitarse el cloro), las reglas previas al baño no se siguen con tanto rigor.
"Si no nos duchamos antes de entrar, todo lo que está en nuestra piel se quedará en el agua", explica Michele Hlavsa, epidemióloga y jefa del Healthy Swimming and Waterborne Disease Prevention del Centro para el Control y la Prevención de Enfermedades , a The Huffington Post. Por ejemplo, aceites naturales, sudor, maquillaje y otros productos para el cuidado personal, orina y, sí, también materia fecal.
Todos estos materiales tienen algo en común, dice Hlavsa: el nitrógeno. Cuando el nitrógeno se mezcla con el cloro de la piscina, se forman unas sustancias químicas irritantes llamadas cloraminas , lo cual resulta problemático por dos motivos. La primera cuestión es que una parte del cloro se transforma en cloraminas, en vez de protegernos de los gérmenes de la piscina. Por suerte, el cloro se ocupa de matar a la mayor parte de éstos, pero los supervivientes, que nos tragamos o inhalamos al nadar, producen unas 10.000 enfermedades al año en Estados Unidos , según LiveScience.
El segundo problema es que las cloraminas son las que producen ese olor tan peculiar a piscina. "Una piscina en buenas condiciones no huele", asegura Hlavsa, a pesar de lo que nos gustaría creer. Ese olor que a menudo atribuimos a una piscina limpia se debe en realidad a las cloraminas, que también son responsables de que los ojos se te pongan rojos. Las sustancias químicas irritantes también podrían llegar a producir ataques de asma, e incluso algunas irritaciones en la piel, afirma.
Siempre hemos acusado al cloro, pero no conviene olvidarse de que, en un principio, el cloro se hizo famoso porque contribuía a evitar la propagación de la polio . De acuerdo con la experta, los investigadores siguen debatiendo sobre los riesgos de las cloraminas (así como de otras reacciones químicas entre el cloro y los desechos que añadimos a la mezcla), pues podrían estar relacionadas con el asma. "Nos hemos olvidado de lo importante que es el cloro para librarnos de los gérmenes del agua", dice. "Cabe recordar la importancia de ducharse antes de entrar al agua con el fin de mantener todo el cloro posible para acabar con las bacterias".
Aunque la mejor opción consiste en jabonarse, aclararse y repetir la operación, un estudio holandés de 2012 descubrió que incluso una ducha de agua de 60 segundos tiene su utilidad. Así que la próxima vez que te dé pereza ducharte, ten en cuenta que "todo lo que se desprenda de nuestro cuerpo, lo compartiremos con los demás bañistas", recuerda Hlavsa. "En cierto modo, es como si todos nos metiéramos en una bañera gigante".
Traducción de Marina Velasco Serrano
TAMBIÉN TE PUEDE INTERESAR...

"En 35 aos el capitalismo ya no ser el modelo dominante"Email
Comentarios
Iba a ser un encuentro con la prensa, pero se convirtió en una charla magistral. Durante una hora y cuarenta minutos, más de media docena de periodistas escucharon casi sin chistar al economista, profesor, conferenciante y gurú de la nueva economía, Jeremy Rifkin, que venía a hablar de su último libro, La sociedad de coste marginal cero (Paidós). Y como en toda buena lección, Rifkin se la traía bien preparada.
“Estamos en un proceso de cambio en el modelo económico por el propio desarrollo del capitalismo. Dentro de 35 años, las cosas serán completamente diferentes. Es muy posible que el capitalismo ya no sea el modelo hegemónico y que tenga que cohabitar con otro sistema. El capitalismo convivirá con la economía colaborativa”, afirmó Rifkin.
NO SIEMPRE ESTUVIMOS TAN OBSESIONADOS CON LA PROPIEDAD O EL INDIVIDUALISMO
Cuando Rifkin habla de economía colaborativa, habla de BlaBlaCar , la plataforma online que pone a los propietarios de un coche en contacto con viajeros para realizar juntos un trayecto de larga distancia y compartir gastos -y que ya alcanza diez millones de usuarios en Europa-. O las cooperativas de energía renovable que, según Rifkin, en Alemania producen casi el 27% de energía eléctrica y controlan casi todo el mercado de energía verde, donde las grandes eléctricas como EON sólo generan un 7% del total. O de empresas o servicios como Couchsurfing y BeWelcome , redes de alojamiento en la que uno se apunta con la condición de recibir también viajeros en sus casas. Todo cada vez a menores precios. A veces, a ninguno.
No siempre estuvimos tan obsesionados con la propiedad o el individualismo, como ha ocurrido desde la Ilustración y los orígenes del capitalismo. En su libro, Rifkin pone como ejemplo de colectivismo una época con tan mala fama como la Edad Media: “La agricultura feudal presentaba una estructura comunal. Los campesinos unían sus parcelas en pastos y campos comunes que cultivaban entre todos. El procomún se convirtió en el primer ejercicio de toma de decisiones democrática de Europa”.
"LOS COSTES MARGINALES ESTÁN A PUNTO DE LLEGAR A CERO Y LOS PRODUCTOS TECNOLÓGICOS SERÁN MUY BARATOS"
¿Pero cómo es que se dan ahora las condiciones para ese procomún colaborativo versión siglo XXI?
“Las cosas cada vez cuestan menos. Todo producto tiene unos costes fijos, los que corresponden a la inversión inicial en infraestructura y equipos necesarios para producirlos. Y unos costes marginales, que son costes añadidos de transporte, intermediarios, etc, que dan márgenes de beneficio al producto. Pero estamos ante una revolución económica, un cambio de paradigma. Con Internet, las energías renovables, el coche eléctrico o la impresora 3D, los costes marginales están a punto de llegar a cero y los grandes instrumentos tecnológicos van a costar muy poco dinero.
En la sociedad que dibuja Rifkin, los niños de dentro de diez años utilizarán impresoras 3D y se convertirán en “prosumidores”, gente que produce y consume sus propias cosas, poniendo en peligro las viejas industrias manufactureras. “En Chicago se acaba de imprimir el primer coche. Se llama Strati y sólo el chasis se ha hecho de manera convencional”, dice Rifkin con pinta de estar entusiasmado. Las casas estarán conectadas a redes y sensores inteligentes que darán todo tipo de información sobre consumo, temperatura, etc. Según Rifkin, se calcula que habrá 100.000 millones de sensores en 2020. Muchos de ellos estarán conectados a autopistas inteligentes, donde habrá que recargar los coches eléctricos. O a redes de información pública donde se dará cuenta de los gastos presupuestarios y las cuentas de nuestras instituciones. Será una era de gran transparencia dominada por lo que Rifkin llama el "Internet de las cosas". Y todo se alimentará con energía verde. “El watio solar costaba entre 65-70 dólares en los años 70. Ahora cuesta 60 céntimos. El sol, el viento y la energía geotérmica no pasan factura”.
Paneles solares en Baviera, Alemania
Hay también un cambio de mentalidad, sobre todo en los jóvenes. Se han acostumbrado a compartir. No buscan tener un coche, sino poder moverse de un sitio a otro. Les gusta viajar, pero no necesitan grandes hoteles, sino sitios baratos donde quedarse. Escuchan música, pero no necesitan ninguna estantería llena de discos. Vale con Youtube o Spotify.
También se mencionó a los malos, a los que pueden poner obstáculos en el camino: las grandes corporaciones. ¿Qué hay de Facebook o de Google, que tienen paquetes de información sobre todos nosotros y sacan dinero con ellos? ¿Y las grandes eléctricas? ¿Dejarán que pequeñas cooperativas les coman el pastel de las renovables? “Igual que en el siglo XIX los obreros se movilizaron contra los grandes capitalistas que los depauperaron, estoy seguro de que miles de millones de personas no se van a dejar doblegar por las grandes corporaciones".
"SI EL GOBIERNO ESPAÑOL QUISIERA, MAÑANA MISMO SE EMPEZARÍAN A CREAR PUESTOS DE TRABAJO"
Por último, Rifkin dejó unas cuantas perlas para consumo nacional: “España iba por el buen camino con su inversión en energía solar, pero el Gobierno cambió completamente su política: es una pena”. Luego habló directamente sobre el presidente del Gobierno: “Rajoy dice que yo soy un teatrero que vive en la fantasía. Pues entonces, Alemania también es una teatrera, que va justo en la dirección que yo propongo y cuya canciller me llamó justo después de formar el último Gobierno. O el vicepresidente de Google, que afirma que en pocas décadas sólo habrá energías renovables. O el New York Times, cuyo periodista, Justin Gillis , publicaba el otro día en portada un artículo hablando de las cuestiones que planteo en mi libro”.
Pero dijo algo más inquietante, al mismo tiempo que esperanzador: “Si el Gobierno español quisiera, mañana mismo se empezarían a crear puestos de trabajo. Hace falta rehabilitar los edificios para que creen energía verde, para que sean eficientes energéticamente. Hay que cambiar los cableados, tienen que renovarse las autopistas y prepararlas para el coche eléctrico, habrá que poner millones de sensores, zonas donde cargar los coches, etc. Para hacer la transición a la nueva economía se necesitarán 40 años, eso son dos generaciones. Es mentira decir que no hay dinero, hay inversores privados, hay fondos de la UE, inversiones que puede realizar el Gobierno en lugar de seguir subvencionando las energía fósiles. Si Nord Pas de Calais, que es una región pobre del norte de Francia puede hacerlo, España también puede. Allí hay grandes empresas como Schneider o Renault, que están trabajando con pequeños empresarios de la zona”. Pero claro, para todo eso hace falta un contexto: “Tiene que haber capacidad de liderazgo en política. Y una sociedad civil que esté muy activa”.
Ya en ese momento álgido de la conversación había llegado a la suite un sándwich de dos pisos con abundante lechuga de roble acompañado de un vaso de leche. “Bueno, y ahora me perdonaréis, pero no tengo más tiempo. Escribid vuestras historias, pero os dejo mi tarjeta, por si me queréis contactar conmigo en un par de semanas”. Y como si estuvieran conectados por sensores, ese sándwich debió abrir el apetito a la mitad de la sala y los periodistas se marcharon con disciplina. A chistar a otra parte.
*La foto de este artículo ha sido cedida por la Fundación Rafael del Pino, donde Jeremy Rifkin dio una conferencia el pasado lunes 15 de septiembre.
Más:

China buoyed by important consensusUpdated: September 22, 2014 19:06 IST
China buoyed by ‘important consensus’
Atul Aneja
President Xi’s visit has removed “some of the suspicions”  that the two countries had harboured, says Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson. In the picture Xi Jinping with Mr Modi. Photo: R V Moorthy
TOPICS
diplomacy
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson says Sino-Indian ties have entered a "new age"
China has continued to remain upbeat about the future of Sino-Indian ties, pointing out that the “important consensus” that had been recently reached between visiting President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi will keep the borders calm, and drive the relationship forward.
Brushing aside apprehensions that persistence of tensions along the Sino-Indian frontier in Ladakh could undermine the gains of President Xi’s visit, Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson, Hua Chunying, in response to a question, asserted that “this is (a) totally unnecessary suspicion”.
She stressed that “the two leaders (President Xi and Prime Minister Narendra Modi) have reached important consensus on politically resolving the border issue through friendly mechanism and we have an effective mechanism for the border issue … and through effective communication can resolve and control disputes”.
The summit had also yielded an agreement that “co-operation would remain the main theme” of Sino-Indian relations. The spokesperson especially pointed to President Xi’s observation that harmony between the Chinese dragon and the Indian elephant “will bring benefits to (the) whole world”.
Ms. Hua observed that Sino-Indian ties had now entered a “new age”, but implied continued engagement, as President Xi’s visit had removed “some of the suspicions” that the two countries had harboured.
The spokesperson said that she was not aware of “the specifics,” when asked to comment on the cancellation of the visit of a Chinese media delegation to India. However, she pointed out that “close communication between the Chinese and Indian media is conducive for “cementing and developing public foundation of bilateral relations”.

Want to get ahead in your career Marry a dork.By Elahe Izadi September 22 Follow @ElaheIzadi
If you like job promotions, put a ring on it! (Mark Gail/The Washington Post)
Home life sounds way better with a conscientious spouse than with a jerk, doesn't it? As it turns out, marrying a conscientious person may help you make more money, too.
That's according to a new study, which found a connection between having a conscientious spouse and a higher likelihood of pay increases, job promotions and generally just being more satisfied at work. The study from Washington University in St. Louis will be published in Psychological Science.
"Conscientious" people, according to how the Washington University researchers measured it, follow rules, work hard and are reliable, predictable and able to control their impulses. You know, the sort of people who also make for great employees and co-workers.
The study's findings may have broader implications when it comes to picking partners, said Joshua Jackson, an assistant professor at Washington University.
"This might be something to suggest that people maybe should be attuned to these conscientious, more dorky, not-as-lively-or-exciting-because-they’re-rule-following people," said Jackson, the study's lead author. "There's something to say in terms of the characteristics you should look for in a mate. This might not be the most obvious, but it's important."
The findings come from a five-year study of nearly 5,000 married people in Australia between the ages of 19 and 83. In three-fourths of the couples, both spouses work.
Researchers measured personality traits and work status and found a connection between people with more conscientious spouses — regardless of whether the spouse worked or not — and job promotions, pay increases and job satisfaction.
There are a few reasons for that, Jackson said. For one, conscientious partners are more likely to help with day-to-day tasks, making it easier for their spouses to focus on work. Rather than just leaning in, they're leaning on.
"You have someone to kind of lean on, someone you can rely on to do chores, or to do other kind of activities around the household so you're not doing everything," Jackson said.
Such spouses are also more likely to be conscientious at work, too, and this can have an emulating effect on their partners, he said; that kind of work ethic is seen as normal. "Someone who's working really hard at their career, and is invested, it rubs off on you," Jackson said. "Working late one night makes it more possible for you to do that, as opposed to vegging out on the couch."
Lastly, having such a reliable partner means you're more likely to have a happy relationship — and the emotional benefits of having a happy marriage do spill over into being more satisfied at work, Jackson said.
So, look, next time you're on a date, don't write off the boring rule-follower so quickly. You may be writing off career advancement, too.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

U.S. acts to stop overseas tax  inversionsTreasury acts to stop overseas tax 'inversions'
By Jeanne Sahadi   @CNNMoney September 22, 2014: 10:08 PM ET
 
Obama on tax inversion: 'It's not fair'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The U.S. Treasury Department on Monday announced what it called its "first, targeted steps" to make it harder for U.S. companies to reduce their tax bills by merging with foreign firms and moving abroad.
The process, known as inversion, has been all the rage in the corporate world this year.
The Obama administration, while urging Congress to act, had been threatening for months to crack down on inversions.
What Treasury did on Monday was issue tax guidance that will govern any inversion completed from today forward. It also imposed at least one new restriction that will affect companies that have recently inverted.
"These first, targeted steps make substantial progress in constraining the creative techniques used to avoid U.S. taxes," Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said.
The changes Treasury announced will make it harder for a U.S. company seeking inversion to escape paying U.S. tax on foreign earnings they have already made. For instance:
No more playing 'hopscotch': Companies only have to pay U.S. tax on their foreign earnings when they bring them back to the United States.
But inverted companies can get around this rule by having a foreign subsidiary it controls make a "hopscotch" loan to the new foreign parent instead of to the U.S. company.
Treasury will now consider such loans as "U.S. property" in many instances and treat the money as a taxable dividend.
 
Buffett helps Burger King bite off U.S. tax
In addition, the new rules will make it harder to check all the boxes necessary to complete a successful inversion in the first place. Two examples:
No more slimming down the U.S. company: In order to successfully invert, the U.S. partner must own less than 80% of the merged company. Treasury's new rules will make it a little harder to stay under that threshold.
Here's how: Sometimes U.S. companies will pay out large dividends just before inverting. That essentially shrinks their size.
Under the new rules, however, such pre-deal dividend payouts won't be counted for the purposes of the ownership requirement.
And no more fattening up the foreign partner: Likewise, the foreign partner's size may be increased by the inclusion of its "passive assets" -- money that isn't used for business operations, such as securities the firm owns.
From today on, though, Treasury will disregard those passive assets when tallying the size of the foreign partner (in cases when the passive assets make up at least half of the company's total assets).
One exemption: This revised rule will not apply to banks and financial service companies.
Is there more to come from Treasury? Overall, Monday's rule changes are aimed at stopping companies from using inversions to reduce taxes on foreign earnings they have already made.
But inverted companies can also cut their tax bills on future earnings through "earnings stripping," noted Steven Rosenthal, a senior fellow at the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Center.
Earnings stripping can work like this: The foreign parent makes a large loan to the U.S. subsidiary. The interest on that loan is deductible, and those deductions can largely offset -- and even wipe out -- the taxes the company owes Uncle Sam.
Treasury officials have indicated they may target that technique in later rule changes.
Congress not expected to act: The push to curb inversions has been driven primarily by Democrats ahead of the midterm elections. President Obama and others have suggested that a U.S. company that moves its domicile abroad primarily for tax purposes is "unpatriotic."
Some high-ranking Democrats, such as Senators Charles Schumer and Carl Levin, have introduced legislation to curb inversions.
But few analysts think Congress will enact those measures this year.
And no one expects Congress to embark on comprehensive business tax reform before next year at the earliest.

US and allies attack Isis in SyriaUS says attacks on Isis could last years
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d21407a2-42c4-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1yolD0BFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Study: Recovery eludes long-term unemployed
More than a fifth of Americans laid off the past five years remain jobless and one in four who found work is in a temporary job, Rutgers University researchers report.
Post to Facebook
Study: Recovery eludes long-term unemployed More than a fifth of Americans laid off the past five years remain jobless and one in four who found work is in a temporary job, Rutgers University researchers report. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sgqWwi
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
66
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Study: Recovery eludes long-term unemployed
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 5:31 a.m. EDT September 22, 2014
A job recruiter meets with employment seekers during a job fair in Philadelphia in June.
(Photo: Matt Rourke AP)
739 CONNECT 308 TWEET 66 LINKEDIN 66 COMMENTEMAILMORE
More than 20% of Americans laid off the past five years are still unemployed and one in four who found work is in a temporary job, according to a survey out Monday.
The report underscores that despite a sharp drop in long-term unemployment recently, many people out of work at least six months are still struggling to recoup their former wages and lifestyles. Those idled for years face an even tougher road back to employment.
"While the worst effects of the Great Recession are over for most Americans, the brutal realities of diminished living standards endure for the 3 million American workers who remain jobless years after they were laid off," says Carl Van Horn, director of the Heldrich Center for Workforce Development at Rutgers University.
The center conducted the survey of 1,153 Americans, about 300 of them long-term unemployed, from July 24 to Aug. 3.
The ranks of the long-term unemployed have fallen by 31% the past year to 3 million. But many of those hired are in temporary or part-time slots, or full-time positions that pay less than their previous salaries.
Forty-three percent of all the unemployed people surveyed were looking for part-time work over the summer, while only 26% sought full-time jobs, a reversal of the findings from the center's previous survey in January 2013.
"I think it's a reflection of the work available to them," Van Horn says. "The labor market is changing." Many employers have converted full-time jobs to part-time or temporary ones to increase efficiency and cut costs.
Workers fortunate enough to land full-time jobs often take significant pay cuts. Forty-six percent of those who found jobs after being laid off said their new job pays less than their previous one.
The financial hardship is greatest for those struggling with long-term unemployment. More than four in 10 sold possessions to make ends meet. More than a fifth moved in with friends or family. And nearly a third missed a mortgage or rent payment.
Nearly half of those out of work at least six months during the past five years estimate it will take three to 10 years to recover financially from the recession.
Despite their struggles, many of the chronically jobless do not benefit from government assistance, the survey shows. Just 38% are receiving unemployment insurance, and 83% of those who did get benefits lost them before finding another job. Last December, the federal government cut off benefits beyond the 26 weeks provided by states.
Most of those laid off during and after the recession received no other government assistance. Twenty-eight percent of the long-term unemployed get food stamps, the survey shows. But just 9% get help looking for a job and 4% are enrolled in a government-funded training program.
"The programs are not well-funded and a lot of people are not aware of them," Van Horn says.
739 CONNECT 308 TWEET 66 LINKEDIN 66 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sgqWwi
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1ugQgm7Climate crisis sit-in targets Wall Street
1,000 activists blocked parts of Broadway in Manhattan's financial district.
Post to Facebook
Climate crisis sit-in targets Wall Street 1,000 activists blocked parts of Broadway in Manhattan's financial district. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uAGnfg
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Climate crisis sit-in targets Wall Street
Jennifer Peltz, AP 10:40 p.m. EDT September 22, 2014
Police officers wait to move in to arrest demonstrators Monday on Broadway following the Flood Wall Street protest after asking them to disperse.
(Photo: Bryan Thomas, Getty Images)
58 CONNECT 34 TWEET LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — A day after over 100,000 people marched to warn that climate change is destroying the Earth, more than 1,000 activists blocked parts of Broadway in Manhattan's financial district in a sit-in to protest what they see as corporate and economic institutions' role in the climate crisis.
Monday's demonstration was planned as a more confrontational sequel to Sunday's march, with many participants Monday deliberately risking arrest by obstructing traffic in the heart of the nation's financial capital. Over 100 people, including a person wearing a white polar bear suit, were arrested Monday night after they refused to leave the intersection of Broad and Wall streets, police said. Most of the arrests were for disorderly conduct.
Rockefellers dumping oil investments to make statement (Photo: AFP/ Getty Images) http://t.co/Vkkc9TLG5F pic.twitter.com/5e8PcdT7i2
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) September 23, 2014
Earlier, the protest took a tense turn as the demonstrators tried to push past police barricades at Wall Street, sparking a brief clash with officers.
But by and large, police, office workers and tourists watched alike as the activists chanted such messages as "we can't take this climate heat; we've got to shut down Wall Street" and bounced huge balloons meant to represent carbon dioxide bubbles.
"I wanted to come specifically to disrupt Wall Street because it's Wall Street that's fueling this," Youngstown, Ohio, urban farmer and bread-maker Ben Shapiro said as he sat on Broadway by the famed bull statue. He had skipped Sunday's march, focusing instead on the financial system that he feels enables environmental destruction for the sake of energy and other industries.
"I'm going after the source of the problem," he said.
Organizers said the FloodWallStreet sit-in aimed to disrupt business in the financial district. Demonstrators didn't obtain a permit for the rally, police said, and participants such as Jenna DeBoisblanc arrived anticipating arrests as a way to underscore their message.
"If you're willing to risk arrest, it certainly demonstrates that it's something very urgent," said DeBoisblanc, a New Orleans environmental activist who sported a superhero outfit and green wig.
If Sunday's march was about building consensus around a crisis, the sit-in sought to take on institutions protesters hold responsible for it, said demonstrator Nicholas Powers, who teaches black and feminist literature at the State University of New York at Old Westbury.
Peppered with elements of performance art — one person wore a polar-bear suit, another Grim Reaper-like robes and a gas masks — the protest encompassed Occupy Wall Street veterans, antiwar activists who see climate change as a still bigger cause and residents of areas battered by Superstorm Sandy.
"We're really fighting for resiliency," said Alexis Smallwood, whose home in the Far Rockaway section of Queens was flooded by the October 2012 storm.
Participants encountered barricades and a heavy police presence as they tried to stream onto Wall Street, home to the New York Stock Exchange, after several hours of demonstrating by the bull statue nearby. Some tried to push through the barricades, and police and protesters tussled as officers held the barriers in place, using pepper spray. Police said no injuries were reported.
The barricades stayed. So did hundreds of demonstrators, who continued sitting and standing outside the barriers, on Broadway.
Some bystanders took the disruption in stride: "Every time I come here, there's somebody here protesting," said Matilde Soligno, visiting from Bologna, Italy.
But others were skeptical about what the protest stood to accomplish.
"These people aren't convincing me of anything," said Christopher Keane, a lawyer who works in the area.
"How did they get here today?" he asked, if not through some use of the fossil fuels they deplore.
On Sunday, actors Mark Ruffalo and Evangeline Lilly were among the protesters in at the New York demonstration, one of many around the world urging policymakers to take quick action.
58 CONNECT 34 TWEET LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uAGnfg
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

PM Modi scripts a turnaround for Brand India in USPM Modi scripts a turnaround for Brand India in US
Ebola cases set to soar  warn scientistsEbola cases could hit 1.4m by January, say researchers
Javier Blas – Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/76146170-4307-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Today s links: Breakups  breakdowns  shutdownsU.S. airstrikes on Syria: You heard it on Twitter first.
Stocks of companies ripe for inversion – moving headquarters to another country to reduce U.S. taxes – have been clobbered recently , says the Wall Street Journal. Prime example: AstraZenica, down 5.6% after a failed bid from Pfizer.
Philips says it will break the company in two , with one part concentrating on health care and technology, and the other on consumer goods. The 120-year-old Dutch giant said the new structure would bring about $128 million in savings next year.
USA TODAY
And Jimmy Choo, the upscale shoe maker, will take a hike from Joh. A. Benckiser, the investment house whose Labelux arm acquired the business in 2011.
Blackstone to Russia: It’s over.
That was fast: The Los Angeles Register, launched in April , will cease publication immediately. The publication was launched by Orange County Register co-owner Aaron Kushner.
Hundreds were arrested in protests on Wall Street designed to show the links between business and climate change.
The world’s billionaires are holding $600 million in cash each , up from $60 million a year ago, and an average 19% cash position.
How bad is the partisan divide in the USA? “In 1960, 5 percent of Republicans and 4 percent of Democrats said that they would feel ‘displeased’ if their son or daughter married outside their political party. By 2010, those numbers had reached 49 percent and 33 percent. Republicans have been found to like Democrats less than they like people on welfare or gays and lesbians. Democrats dislike Republicans more than they dislike big business.”
Working too much? Want to stay fit? The hamster wheel standing desk will help you work hard and stay toned!  (Small, just-out-of-reach snack platter optional).

Foreign funds may buy 30% stake in Aditya Birla RetailOverseas funds seek to buy $400-500 mn stake in Aditya Birla Retail
Indulal PM     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 23, 2014  | 20:49 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
L Capital, Temasek Holdings and International Finance Corporation (IFC) are in advanced talks to buy a 30 per cent stake in the retail arm of Aditya Birla Group for about $400-500 million, two sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
The sources said the three private equity firms are looking to buy the stake in Aditya Birla Retail, which includes apparel maker Madura Fashion & Lifestyle, department store chain Pantaloons and supermarket chain More.
Aditya Birla Group will use the funds to expand its retail operations, the sources also said, declining to be named as the talks are still private.
"The talks are quite advanced and are in the final lap," said one of the sources.
Temasek and Aditya Birla Group declined to comment. L Capital, the private equity arm of LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA, and World Bank unit IFC were not immediately available for comment.
(Reuters)

Gujarat covers 8 lakh households under Jan Dhan YojanaGujarat covers 8 lakh households under Jan Dhan Yojana
Our Bureau
14 lakh new accounts opened so far
Ahmedabad, Sept 23:  
After the announcement of ambitious financial inclusion programme, Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJY) by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on August 15, banks in Gujarat have so far opened about 14 lakh new accounts, covering nearly 8 lakh households in the State, a report claimed. 
After the State Level Bankers’ Committee meeting held on Tuesday here, bankers informed that while 14 lakh accounts were opened so far under the PMJY, a strategy was chalked out to open 28 lakh more accounts by January 26 to achieve the target. 
“There has been remarkable headway in the PMJY scheme in Gujarat. Banks have successfully achieved household coverage of as high as 93 per cent in Mehsana district,” said Ashwani Kumar, CMD, Dena Bank - SLBC convener in the State. 
Notably, among the public sector banks, Bank of Baroda and Dena Bank topped by opening over 3 lakh accounts each since the announcement of the scheme, while the distant third was Central Bank of India with 1.01 lakh new account opening. 
As per the SLBC data, till July 31 public sector banks had outperformed their private sector counterparts in the State with higher coverage against the allotted target for financial inclusion. 
According to the data most of the public sector banks had achieved over 60 per cent household coverage, while private sector majors including HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, Federal Bank and Yes Bank among several others could not even reach halfway mark. While State Bank of India, Dena Bank and Bank of Baroda among the public sector players had maximum coverage of 77 per cent and 75 per cent respectively, HDFC and ICICI Bank could achieve 48 per cent each, while YES Bank and Federal Bank among the private players had 43 per cent coverage as on July 31, 2014. 
“Banks have been aggressive in financing. We have seen 43 per cent year-on-year growth in MSME advances. These are the symptoms that economy is reviving and we are hopeful to see credit growth taking place in areas like housing and education loan,” Kumar told mediapersons. 
According to Kumar, banks in the State performed well during the first quarter ended June 2014 by achieving about 33 per cent of their targeted service area plan for the year 2014-15.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Philosophical approaches to drone regulationComments
By Michael Berry and Nabiha Syed (guest-blogging) September 23
This undated image provided by Google shows a Project Wing drone vehicle during delivery. Google’s secretive research laboratory is trying to build a fleet of drones designed to bypass earthbound traffic so packages can be delivered to people more quickly. The ambitious program announced Thursday, Aug. 28, 2014, escalates Google’s technological arms race with rival Amazon.com Inc., which also is experimenting with self-flying vehicles to carry merchandise bought by customers of its online store. (AP Photo/Google)
[UPDATE: Please note correct coauthors, Michael Berry and Nabiha Syed -- I originally erroneously posted this under the wrong name; my apologies.-EV]
Federal, state, and local governments are actively considering how to regulate domestic drone use. We will explore the history of this regulation, the current regulatory landscape, and some of the existing laws enacted by states in future posts. This post describes the philosophical approaches to drone regulation.
As policymakers consider drone regulation – particularly with respect to privacy and safety – the possible fields of regulation fall into five principal realms: operators, flight, purpose, property and surreptitious use. Some of these categories face practical difficulties, while others present constitutional issues. Nevertheless, these five fields offer a framework to help make sense of the legislation and regulation emerging around the use of drones.
Regulating Who Can Fly
Regulators might permit only certain people or entities to fly drones. As is the case with cars, planes, and helicopters, regulations might provide that only people with a valid, government-issued license can fly a drone. For example, North Carolina recently enacted a law mandating a drone-license, and the FAA already has a system for providing certifications and exemptions to authorize government agencies and some private actors to fly drones. More broadly, policies might permit only certain classes of people or entities to fly drones. It is conceivable that some laws might allow private entities to use drones, but not law enforcement entities — or vice versa. For example, Virginia has imposed a moratorium on law enforcement use of drones.
Regulating The Flight Of Drones
Governments might regulate the flight of drones. As First Amendment lawyers, we think of this category as “time, place, and manner” regulations. With respect to “time,” it is possible that regulations will limit drone-flight to certain times of day. For instance the FAA’s Roadmap for integrating drones (a report formally titled “ Integration of Civil Unmanned Aircraft Systems in National Airspace System Roadmap ”) suggests that its initial proposed regulations of small drones will permit drones to fly only during daylight.
Regulations also will limit where drones fly. Some of those regulations will impose permanent restrictions, while others might be temporary. Like planes and helicopters, drones will not be permitted in restricted airspace. (In fact, the FAA already is informing drone operators that they cannot operate in certain airspace, like this past Saturday’s football game at the University of Michigan .) Historically, the FAA has asked hobbyists to fly model airplanes away from congested areas . Some have suggested that guidance should become the law for drones generally. Some laws already restrict drones from flying over certain kinds of property. For example, an ordinance in Conoy Township, Pa., provides that flying a drone over someone else’s property is a summary offense. Other laws impose restrictions based on how high a drone flies. The FAA asks hobbyists to fly their model airplanes under 400 feet , while Oregon has enacted legislation giving landowners a possible cause of action if someone flies a drone over their property below 400 feet.
The law also might regulate the manner in which drones are flown. Regulators might require small drones to be flown within visual line-of-sight, meaning an operator must be able to physically see her drone as it flies — a position the FAA already has suggested it will implement . And, laws will almost certainly forbid drones from being flown recklessly. Indeed, the FAA has taken the position that it already has the authority to punish reckless drone flight.
Regulating Based On Purpose Of The Flight
Some policies have sought to place limits on drones based on their intended use. For instance, the FAA has long taken the position that drones cannot be used for commercial purposes without specific authorization, but hobbyists are free to use them. State legislatures have debated when government entities can use drones, with some states imposing limits on government agencies’ and law enforcement authorities’ ability to use them. Other states have sought to curtail private use of drones by permitting them to be used only for certain purposes, like selling houses or monitoring utilities. Still others are considering legislation that would prevent drones from being used by hunters or, alternatively by people to interfere with hunting.
Regulating Recording Based On The Property Involved
In considering regulations on drone filming or photography, one approach might be to regulate drones’ ability to record images based on the property involved, treating different kinds of property differently. One possibility – drawing on a well-established body of tort and criminal law – is to restrict drones from recording people in places where they have a reasonable expectation of privacy. Alternatively, they might allow recording in certain areas or certain kinds of property, but not others. Some states have sought to distinguish between recording over public and private property. Or, regulators might protect certain kinds of property. For example, Louisiana restricts the ability to record or photograph “targeted facilities,” such as nuclear power plants and gas refineries. Texas , meanwhile, has adopted a number of limits on where drones can record, but allows them to record anywhere within 25 miles of the Mexican border.
Regulating Surreptitious Use
Policymakers might seek to restrict the surreptitious use of drones. They might try to accomplish this objective by requiring drone operators to obtain consent before flying over private property or filming someone. Alternatively, drone operators might be required to provide advance notice of where they are flying or filming. Or, governments might require drones to be made more visible by requiring them to be certain colors or sizes. In addition, there have been calls for regulation that requires technology or some other system that identifies who owns and is operating a drone.
* * * * *
Which of these areas policymakers choose to regulate and how they choose to regulate within those areas will have significant ramifications for drone operations and the future of the drone industry. The policy questions are complex. For legislators and regulators, the answers have not come easily. Tomorrow, we will survey the history of the FAA’s piecemeal policy-making on drones, a history that has left many issues unresolved for far too long. We also will explain some of the recent regulatory developments at the FAA and the resulting lawsuits.

ICICI Bank unveils new product for NRIsICICI Bank unveils new product for NRIs
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 23:  
ICICI Bank today launched a new product to serve the Indian diaspora and cater to their non— financial needs.
The top private lender said ‘NRI Advantage’ entitles customers to avail of exclusive discounts/special offers. It is targeted at NRI Premia, NRI Pro and NRI savings account holders.
Commenting on the offering, ICICI Bank Executive Director Rajiv Sabharwal said, “the bank serves 1.5 million NRIs spanning 150 countries and processes over 5 million inbound transactions annually. With NRI Advantage we are confident that we will be providing our customers with a better value in the market.”
The product delivers a host of discounts for healthcare requirements, gifting family & friends, assistance for service needs and India—based shopping wants of NRIs, among others.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Australias luck runs out as China coolsAustralia’s luck runs low as Chinese economy cools
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6412e84e-42e8-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee falls to 1-week low of 60.94 Vs US dollar as stocks drop1
0
Mumbai: The Indian rupee on Tuesday depreciated by 12 paise to close at one-week low of 60.94 against the Greenback on month-end dollar demand from importers and steep fall in local equities.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.93 a dollar from previous close of 60.82. It was trapped in a narrow breadth of 60.8675
and 61.0050 before concluding at 60.94, logging a fall of 12 paise or 0.20 per cent.
The dollar index, a gauge of six major global rivals, was down by 0.30 per cent.
#rupee #market #economy #indian rupee
Tuesday's closing level is the rupee's weakest level in a week as it had closed at 61.05 on September 16. Dollar demand from importers, mainly oil refiners, to meet their month-end requirements weighed on the rupee.
"The Indian rupee was influenced by state-run banks' dollar-purchases on behalf of oil importers. Local markets await the RBI's monetary policy review on September 30," said
Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India Pvt Ltd.
Weak factory employment numbers in China and private sector data showing slowdown in Eurozone growth this month led the Sensex and Nifty to register biggest fall in 2-1/2-months.
This drop had a sentimental impact on the rupee value. FPIs/FIIs picked up shares worth USD 11.37 million on Monday, as per Sebi data.
The dollar index, a gauge of six major global rivals, was down by 0.30 per cent.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said "The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.60 to 61.40."
1

AAP not to contest Maha AssemblyelectionsPrint
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 23, 2014 7:31 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 8:00 pm
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) will not contest the October 15 Assembly elections in Maharashtra, the party announced on Tuesday.
“The Lok Sabha election results brought a realisation that it is not possible to win elections without a strong grass root organisational structure,” AAP spokesperson Preeti Sharma Menon said.
“We also realised that due to the lack of resources and inability of the party to give financial support, many candidates had to struggle to fight elections,” she added.
According to her, the party has decided that it should concentrate on strengthening the organisation, establishing processes and systems, building the infrastructure for communication with volunteers and empowering them through training, so that the party gets a strong volunteer base and organisational strength to enable it fight traditional politics.
“AAP Maharashtra will not contest elections and we will also not support anyone in the forthcoming Assembly elections, neither independent candidates nor any political parties,” Menon said.
“If any AAP member chooses to contest polls either as an independent or through any other party, his or her membership is automatically rescinded. The party members will not be involved in any campaigning,” she said.
AAP volunteers will launch an awareness campaign on proactive participation – ‘Jagrut Nagrik’ and the party will encourage teams to conduct two campaigns in each Assembly
constituency – to identify corrupt candidates and prevent bribes.

Coal scam: CBI seeks time to file revised closurereportPrint
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 7:26 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 7:27 pm
CBI on Tuesday sought some time to file a “revised closure report” in a special court in a coal blocks allocations scam case involving JAS Infrastructure and Power Ltd and others.
CBI, which was scheduled to file the revised report today, told the court that the supplementary closure report was almost complete and it will be filed within a week’s time.
Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar allowed the submissions of the agency and fixed the matter for October 9 for filing of revised/supplementary closure report with more details in the case.
“Senior public prosecutors state that revised/ supplementary closure report is at final stage and it will be filed in next five-seven days,” the judge said.
During the hearing, the court asked CBI’s investigating officer (IO) to give the names and designations of the Coal Ministry officials who were dealing with the 35th and 36th screening committee.
Senior public prosecutors V K Sharma and A P Singh assured the judge that the IO would file all the relevant, relied and unrelied upon documents in the court before the next date of hearing.
The agency had earlier informed the court that it will file today a revised closure report giving details of the coal scam case in which the judge had observed that the probe was “incomplete”. It had said the agency will file a comprehensive revised closure report which would be “explanatory” in nature.
CBI’s move had come after the court’s earlier observation that nothing was clear in its closure report and it was irked over the agency adopting different yardsticks in different cases and not following a uniform policy in its investigation.
The court was hearing arguments on the closure report filed by CBI in the case in which it had lodged FIR against Nagpur-based businessman Manoj Jayaswal and others for alleged irregularities by JAS Infrastructure and Power Limited in acquiring the coal blocks.
The court had earlier asked CBI whether it was a “deliberate act or negligent act” by Coal Ministry officials to clear files relating to allocation of coal blocks. It had also expressed dissatisfaction over the explanation given by CBI.
The court had observed that the issue in coal blocks allocation cases, including this case, was that there was loss to the exchequer but CBI’s probe was silent on the aspect if “it was a deliberate act or negligent act on the part of the officials of Ministry of Coal” to allocate coal blocks to such firms.
CBI had told the court that during its probe it had not found misrepresentation of facts by JAS Infrastructure and Power Limited.
It had lodged an FIR in the case on the allegation that JAS Infrastructure and Power Ltd had not disclosed to the Coal Ministry that it was in possession of coal blocks earlier.
The company allegedly signed memorandum of understanding for small periods with a number of companies and added their equity to project their sound financial status at the time of application for coal blocks, CBI had alleged in its FIR.
However, during the investigation, CBI could not find any “prosecutable continued…

Govt has narrow window for new gas pricing m...Government has narrow window for gas price as deadline looms large
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 08.13PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(However, Finance Minister…)
NEW DELHI: The government has a narrow window of one day to approve a new gas pricing mechanism to meet its own deadline of announcing a new rate.
The government had promised to come up with a new gas price by September end but it only has tomorrow to get it approved as Prime Minister Narendra Modi will leave for US on Thursday afternoon.
Tomorrow being a Wednesday is the scheduled day for holding meetings of Cabinet and its committees where the oil ministry can bring up a proposal for new gas price, officials said.
However, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley , who was on Sunday evening admitted to hospital for a check-up after an operation to treat his diabetes, is yet to be discharged.
He may be discharged tomorrow morning, Jaitley's aides said.
A meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) can be scheduled after his availability is confirmed, officials said.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan, who has been consulting Jaitely on the issue, last met the Finance Minister late on Friday evening.
Modi, who will launch the "Make in India" campaign on Thursday morning to promote manufacturing in the country, is scheduled to leave for US late in the afternoon that day. He will return in the evening of October 1.
So if the CCEA does not approve a new price tomorrow, it is likely that government will miss the September 30 deadline.
Officials said the entire issue is being treated with utmost secrecy and limited copies of the report of a four- member committee of secretaries that looked at the new pricing mechanism, have been made.
The Oil Ministry, they said, may even take comments on the note it has prepared for the Cabinet, based on the committee recommendation, through email to the concerned ministers, to prevent it from getting leaked.
The government had last month constituted a committee comprising of secretaries of power, fertilizer and expenditure with additional secretary in the oil ministry as its member secretary, to make amends to a formula notified in January that doubled the gas price to $8.4 per million British thermal unit.
Though contents of the report have been kept under wraps, officials indicated that the price increase may be around 50 per cent. Most of the domestically produced gas is currently sold at a price of $4.2 per mmBtu.
The panel has tried to strike a balance between demands for a market linked rate by gas producers to make marginal and deepsea fields economically viable, and consumers in power and fertilizer sector, who have said they cannot afford any rate higher than $5.
The previous UPA government had notified the Rangarajan formula in January but before a rate could be implemented from April 1, general elections were announced and Election Commission sought postponement of its implementation.
An increase in gas price would have led to increase in cost of urea, power and CNG.
Every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a Rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just the 7 per cent of the nation's power generation capacity based on gas).
Also, there would be a minimum Rs 2.81 per kg increase in CNG price and a Rs 1.89 per standard cubic metre hike in piped cooking gas.
The increase in gas price would bring windfall for the government -- about $2.08 billion (Rs 12,900 crore) from additional profit petroleum, royalty and taxes accruing from doubling of gas rates, according to oil ministry estimates.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs had on June 25 deferred by three months the implementation of a formula approved by the previous UPA government which would have doubled gas price to $8.4 per million British thermal unit.
The Rangarajan formula, approved by the UPA government, was to be implemented from April 1 but was deferred by three months as general elections were announced. The NDA government on June 25 postponed its implementation by a further three months pending a comprehensive review.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had last month told the Parliament that the NDA government decided to review the pricing formula keeping in mind public interest and recommendations of the Parliamentary Standing Committee.
Parliamentary Standing Committees on Finance as well as Petroleum had called for a review of the formula suggested by the Dr C Rangarajan headed panel, saying gas price should have some linkage with the cost of production.
According to the Oil Ministry, the cost of gas production varies between $1.86 per mmBtu to $4.31 per mmBtu but a cost-plus price would be perceived negatively by the market.
In their submission to the secretaries panel, energy producers have demanded a natural gas pricing policy that is "legitimate, relevant and credible" to maintain investor interest in Indian E&P sector.
State-owned ONGC in its submissions stated that it needs $6-7.15 to break-even on gas it plans to produce from its most prolific KG basin block and a price of between $5.25 to $17.80 per mmBtu to break-even on production planned from seven small and marginal fields in the western offshore.
BP, which partners Reliance Industries in KG-D6 and other blocks, stated that deeper gas fields are not viable at a price of anything less than $10.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pidilite acquires Blue Coat s adhesive biz for Rs 263.57crSep 23, 2014, 07.16 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Pidilite acquires Blue Coat's adhesive biz for Rs 263.57cr
Pidilite has acquired the adhesive business of Ahmedabad-based Blue Coat, which is engaged in manufacturing and selling wide range of adhesives and textile chemicals.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pidilite acquires Blue Coat's adhesive biz for Rs 263.57cr
Pidilite has acquired the adhesive business of Ahmedabad-based Blue Coat, which is engaged in manufacturing and selling wide range of adhesives and textile chemicals.
Post your opinion here
Pidilite Industries  today said it has acquired the adhesive business of Blue Coat for
Rs 263.57 crore.
"Pidilite has acquired the adhesive business of Ahmedabad-based Blue Coat, which is engaged in manufacturing and selling wide range of adhesives and textile chemicals, on a slump sale basis for a cash consideration of Rs 263.57 crore," the company said in a statement.
Blue Coat, which has a manufacturing plant in Baddi in Himachal Pradesh, has brands marketed including Bluecoat Plus, Bluecoat Marine, Bluecoat D3, Bluecoat Aqua, Bluecoat Dual, Bluegrip 5000, Bluecoat A1, among others.
"Pidilite Industries will continue to support and grow these brands," it said.
Pidilite Ind stock price
On November 21, 2014, Pidilite Industries closed at Rs 440.50, up Rs 16.30, or 3.84 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 441.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 268.95.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 9.51 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 46.32. The latest book value of the company is Rs 39.78 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 11.07.
RELATED NEWS

AirAsia offers 1.5mn promo seats  starting at Rs 690Sep 23, 2014, 07.44 PM IST  | Source: PTI
AirAsia offers 1.5mn promo seats, starting at Rs 690
This offer is also available on AirAsia Berhad and Thai AirAsia flights. All inclusive fare is available from as low as Rs 4,999 from Chennai, Kochi, Kolkata, Tiruchirappalli, Bengaluru to Kuala Lumpur and Rs 4,500 from Chennai to Bangkok, AirAsia said in a release.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
AirAsia offers 1.5mn promo seats, starting at Rs 690
This offer is also available on AirAsia Berhad and Thai AirAsia flights. All inclusive fare is available from as low as Rs 4,999 from Chennai, Kochi, Kolkata, Tiruchirappalli, Bengaluru to Kuala Lumpur and Rs 4,500 from Chennai to Bangkok, AirAsia said in a release.
Post your opinion here
 
Malaysian no-frills carrier AirAsia said today it has put on sale 1.5 million promotional seats for fares as low as Rs 690 for one way journey under a limited period offer. The airline's Indian subsidiary AirAsia India too has rolled out a similar discounted ticket scheme, offering flyers an all inclusive one-way ticket price of Rs 690 from its hub  Bengalore to Chennai, Kochi, Goa and Rs 2,390 from Bengaluru to Jaipur and Chandigarh.
This offer is also available on AirAsia Berhad and Thai AirAsia flights. All inclusive fare is available from as low as Rs 4,999 from Chennai, Kochi, Kolkata, Tiruchirappalli, Bengaluru to Kuala Lumpur and Rs 4,500 from Chennai to Bangkok, AirAsia said in a release.
The bookings for these offers have already commenced from yesterday and can be made till October 5, the airline said.
The travel period under the offer, however, will be from January 15, 2015 to June 30, 2015, it said. AirAsia India currently operates to five destinations - Goa, Kochi, Chennai, Jaipur and Chandigarh, from its hub at Bangalore.
RELATED NEWS

US trade delegation to visit Delhi soon: Sources09:00 pm
A delegation of US trade representatives will visit Delhi soon after Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s much hyped trip to the US.USTR or United States Trade Representative’s Michael Froman is expected to be in the capital in the last week of October or in the first week of November.
USTR will lead a US delegation for India-US trade policy forum summit. Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman will lead the Indian side in the forum. All substantive economic issues between India and US will be discussed at the summit, including the Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs) issue.   
Also Read: New IPR policy: Nirmala holds 1st meeting with stakeholders
An India-US working group on IPR may be formed post trade policy forum meeting. Sources say India has insisted on discussing traditional knowledge issues in forum.
India wants IPR protection for traditional knowledge. Sources say DIPP and Department of Ayurveda, Yoga & Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy (AYUSH) have given feedback on traditional knowledge. The trade policy forum meeting is likely to be held after the US-India commercial dialogue, which is likely to be B2B format.
RELATED NEWS

Rural Water Supply schemes suffered due to unregulated extraction of ground water: CAG10
0
Puducherry: CAG on Tuesday slammed implementation of Rural Water Supply schemes implemented by the Puducherry government to provide safe and clean drinking water to rural population, saying it suffered due to unregulated extraction of ground water and non-adoption of supply norms.
The report for the year ended March 31, 2013 was placed on the table of the House on Tuesday by Chief Minister N Rangasamy. "Designing of schemes deviating from the norms prescribed by Central Public Health and Environmental Engineering Organisation resulted in avoidable extra expenditure", the CAG
said.
The Report said that as of March 31, 2013 the Union Territory government invested Rs 960 crore in government companies and co-operative institutions.
#cag #rwa #n rangasamy #puducherry government
Water charges levied were not sufficient to meet the Operation and Maintenance expenses as envisaged in the National Water Policy and there was also huge arrear in collection of water consumption charges, the report said.
It said that calling for tenders by the Information and Publicity Department for procurement and supply of colour television sets to households free of cost without finalising the basic parameters resulted in non-implementation of the scheme, leading to wasteful expenditure of Rs 40.13 lakh towards advertisement of tenders.
It also said that an audit of Public Private partnership of development of Karaikal port revealed that Puducherry government issued Expression of Interest for port development without specifying pre-qualification criteria for selection.
The monitoring system was weak due to failures of the administration in appointing a director to the Board of Directors of the Port, non-engagement of an independent engineer, non-constitution of separate bodies for the monitoring of the project, irregularity in operation of escrow account and non-conducting of annual physical verification.
The Report said that as of March 31, 2013 the Union Territory government invested Rs 960 crore in government companies and co-operative institutions. Though the average rate of interest on territorial government's borrowings were eight percent the average rate of return on investment was only 0.4 percent during 2008-2013.
5

Central skills scheme to be renamed after Deendayal UpadhyayaSep 23, 2014 at 07:57pm IST
Central skills scheme to be renamed after Deendayal Upadhyaya
8
0
New Delhi: The government will rename an existing skill development programme under the Rural Development Ministry as a tribute to Bharatiya Jana Sangha ideologue and BJP icon Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya.
Sources said that the government will launch the Deendayal Skill Development Programme -- a new version of the Aajeevika Skills scheme -- on September 25, the 98th birth anniversary of Upadhyaya.
The government is expected to make an announcement in this regard on Wednesday. Aajeevika Skills, which was launched by the previous UPA government, aims to undertake skilling of rural youth who are poor and provide them jobs with regular monthly wages at or above the minimum wage rates.
The government is expected to make an announcement in this regard on Wednesday.
It is one of a cluster of initiatives of the Rural Development Ministry aimed at promoting rural livelihoods. The programme is a part of the National Rural Livelihood Mission.
1

Dubai: Indian convicted for suicide attempt; fined $5447
0
Dubai: An Indian worker, in his mid 20s, has been convicted and ordered to pay 2,000 dirhams by a court for attempting to commit suicide by consuming 48 sleeping pills after he could not sleep.
The convict, who was identified only by his initials RB, was rushed to a hospital on September 11 after he was discovered by his roommate having taken four dozen Panadol Night pills, Gulf News reported.
When enquired by policemen at the hospital, RB said that he took the pills at once when he was at his residence. Prosecutors charged the defendant, who pleaded not guilty, with attempting suicide by taking the 48 pills at one time as he intended to kill himself.
When enquired by policemen at the hospital, RB said that he took the pills at once when he was at his residence.
#dubai #indian worker #suicide #gulf news
"No. It is not true. I didn't want to kill myself. I suffered constant worries and couldn't sleep... that's why I took them," he was quoted as saying to the Dubai Misdemeanours Court by the paper.
The court fined the defendant 2,000 dirhams ($544). When paramedics and doctors discovered that RB had taken 48 Panadol Night pills, they informed the police. He was taken into custody shortly after he was discharged from hospital.
1

Air India chalks out plans to up market share in domestic skiesAir India chalks out plans to up market share in domestic skies
Sharmistha Mukherjee | New Delhi Sep 23, 2014 08:00 PM IST
State-owned Air India which is set to face increased competition from full service carriers Jet and soon to be launched Vistara in the coming months, has chalked out a dual-pronged strategy to up its market share in domestic skies.
Air India will deploy 787 Dreamliners to draw in corporate travellers on domestic routes. Meanwhile, the 19 A320s the airline is in the process of leasing would be utilized to add more capacity and services for economy class passengers.
Air India Chairman Rohit Nandan said, “We are looking at utilising the 787s more optimally by deploying them more on domestic routes. There are many airlines which use A380s for 2-3 hour flights now (it is meant to be used for long-haul flights of 8 hrs). World over the economics of operating an aircraft is important. If you use larger aircraft on short-haul routes, the engine wears off faster. As long as that is factored in while working out the route economics and you make money, its fine. Our route economics analysis takes into account the expenses incurred in maintenance of engines.”
The airline currently operates the 787s only on two domestic routes from Delhi to Bangalore and Kolkata. AI’s 787s have 256 seats each, 18 of the business class and 238 economy seats. The deployment of 787s on domestic routes would help the airline to improve yields.
According to industry estimates, business class seats typically account for 8 to 10% of the total domestic airline capacity but contribute 15 to 20% of its revenue. The average business class fare is three to six times that of an economy seat.
In other words, it means 18 business class seats would give you the same revenue as at least 54 economy passengers. That obviously increases the average yield per passenger. This makes it a lucrative business proposition if leveraged effectively.
Nandan, however, clarified the airline in not looking at deploying the Dreamliners on domestic routes in response to competition, “We are not responding to competition we have been thinking of this for some time. The 787 on domestic routes will be a game changer and will appeal to corporate clientele. We will charge the same as others in business class and offer a better product. It will offer better service and this is our USP”, he informed. While Vistara is going to operate A320s on domestic routes, Jet Airways operates Boeing 737s.
Additionally, Air India is also in the process of leasing 19 A320s to increase capacity for economy travel. “We will also intensify the use of A320s to other destinations. We have a whole network ready to be exploited. We could not do so earlier because of insufficient aircraft”, added Nandan.
The 19 A320s being leased will replace a similar number of older aircraft the airline has in its fleet. However, the new aircraft to be flown in all-economy configuration will offer more capacity of 180 seats. The aircraft being phased out currently offer between 144 and 168 seats.
Nandan further said that the airline’s prestige and acceptability has improved over the last three years and particularly after induction into Star Alliance. Currently, only five% of the airline’s passengers come from the government sector.
“The market has accepted us. Travellers are satisfied with us. We get only five% of our passengers from the government now, 95% of our customers opt to fly with us voluntarily”, he said.
Air India currently has 62 Airbus family aircraft (mix of A319s, A320s and A321s), used on domestic routes and some short haul routes.
AI’s domestic market share has fallen from 19.8% in January to 16.2% in August and the airline has not made additions to its fleet. It also has a shortage of Airbus A320 commanders.
At present Air India flies 16 Boeing 787s and flies these to Europe, Japan, Singapore and Dubai. It also uses them on two domestic routes, Delhi-Kolkata and Delhi-Bangalore. It has 27 Boeing 787s on order and is expecting three additional planes till March 2015. It is expected to use these to ply on other metro routes.
It has had some success and the 787s have helped it generate cash profits on some hitherto loss-making European routes.
However, the planes have also been plagued by snags and glitches, leading to their frequent grounding and operational delays. Also, the airline has not been able to get desired loads on its new 787 routes, to Australia, Rome-Milan and Moscow.

New policy to ensure industrialisation across TelanganaE Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 13:05 IST
K. Pradeep Chandra, Special Chief Secretary, Industries and Commerce Department, Telangana (Photo: A Prabhakar Rao)
The Telangana government is confident that its industrial policy, awaiting cabinet approval, will help spread industrialisation across the 10 districts of the new state, a top official says.
"We have identified 10 to 12 core sectors which will include some of the obvious ones like pharmaceutical, aerospace and food processing. The idea is to have two large industrial parks for each sector over a period of time," says K. Pradeep Chandra, Special Chief Secretary, Industries and Commerce Department, Telangana. "Think of this as 20 industrial parks spread over the nine districts of Telangana (excluding Hyderabad - the tenth and the capital). Each district will get two to three parks and this way industrialisation will be spread across the state," he added.
Chandra was earlier the principal secretary handling industrial promotion for united Andhra Pradesh. There are big names coming to Telangana as was the case with an undivided Andhra Pradesh earlier, according to Chandra. "Back then, we got in the Sri City project, Pepsi to Andhra Pradesh. Now we have Coke planning to invest Rs 1,000 crore in Telangana. The process is on to identify land for this project. Similarly, while Cadbury went to Andhra Pradesh then, we now have ITC planning to invest in food processing and cookie-making in Telangana. Like Isuzu Motors went to Andhra Pradesh earlier, we are now talking to Mahindras to expand and establish their new tractor facility here."
The Tata group plans to manufacture Dornier aircraft, in association with RUAG Aviation, in the state. "While Tata Advanced Systems with RUAG Aviation planned to manufacture the Dornier 228 fuselage and wing in Hyderabad, it is now likely that they may make the entire Dornier aircraft here," says Chandra.
The landscape has changed for industry in Telangana, asserts Chandra. "The statements made by Chief Minister K. Chandrashekar Rao that industry would get top priority is making a huge difference. He has also assured availability of land and water. Though power supply is an immediate problem, we hope to overcome it in a year or so," he says.
The Telangana government has begun a survey to identify land that can be offered to new industries in the state, says Chandra. "A process is on to identify, district-wise, land that is suitable for industrialisation and the initial survey report is very good. Hopefully by the end of this year the entire survey will be done and around 200,000 acres could become available for industrialisation."
Chandra says the state government is also considering specific projects such as setting up a pharmaceutical city near Hyderabad and a cotton hub in Warangal district, the largest producer of long-staple cotton.

Omar meets Modi  seeks rehab package for J&KNEW DELHI, September 23, 2014
Updated: September 23, 2014 20:45 IST
Omar meets Modi, seeks rehab package for J&K
Special Correspondent
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi with J&K Chief Minister Omar Abdullah, when the latter called on him in New Delhi on Tuesday.
The Hindu
flood
Harsh Vardhan seeks report on damage to medical infrastructure in Srinagar
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Tuesday met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and sought a special rehabilitation package for the flood-ravaged State. Such a package was necessary to help the State to be back on its feet, he said.
“We look to you [the Centre] in this hour of grave crisis for all the required support in the second phase of calamity management in terms of rehabilitation of affected families both in terms of housing and livelihood, besides permanent restoration of public assets,” an official release quoting the Chief Minister said.
The CM sought funds for reconstruction of fully and partially damaged houses: “ … considering that the residential houses in Kashmir are built at a cost much higher than other parts of the country and in view of limited working season available before the onset of winter, it is imperative that the Central government agrees to the extraordinary funds for the reconstruction,” he said.
Compensation for agriculture and horticulture losses was also sought as was financial support to business units affected by the calamity. The Chief Minister also discussed the flood threat management programme and sought Central approval for a Rs. 2,200-crore project.
Meanwhile, Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan said timely response to the alert had helped prevent the spread of water-borne diseases in the Valley.
He had also sought a report on damage to medical infrastructure in Srinagar.
Dr. Harsh Vardhan, who was in Kashmir to assess the conditions, said: “Thanks to the tireless efforts of the Army and civilian doctors, both from J&K and Delhi, we have been able to prevent the spread of water-borne diseases.”
The Minister, who was on his second visit to Srinagar in nine days, assured the State administration of the Centre’s support in reconstructing the damage to health infrastructure. After visiting Barzullah Bone and Joints Hospital, the Sri Maharajah Hari Singh Hospital, the G.B. Pant Children’s Hospital, the Skims Medical College Hospital and Lalla Ded Hospital for Gynaecology, all in Srinagar, the Minister said: “Except Barzullah, the ground floor-level facilities in the other four places have been destroyed by flood waters. Vital departments such as emergency, diagnostics, blood banks, etc. have to be rebuilt from scratch. In Skims, the radiology, ophthalmology, blood banks and entire OPD are gone. Similar destruction is visible in the other hospitals and need 100 per cent rebuilding.”
Skeletal services had been opened in most of the hospitals on the upper floors. “In most places I saw doctors themselves working on cleaning up the mess left by the receding flood waters. Local police constables were helping them, ” Dr. Harsh Vardhan said.
Till now, the Union Health Ministry has supplied 150 tonnes of medicines, 35 lakh chlorine tablets, 50,000 IV fluids (DNS), 50,000 Dextrose 5% fluid, 50,000 Ringer Lactate, 50,000 normal saline and 2,70,000 Oral Rehydration Solution sachets.

Blue Cross and Blue Shield  State Farm team up to sell health policies3
Bloomington-based State Farm, whose agents have long sold health policies in addition to home and auto policies, will exclusively sell Blue Cross and Blue Shield individual policies in Illinois, Montana, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas beginning Nov. 15, the start of open enrollment for coverage that begins in 2015.
State Farm agents will earn commissions for selling individual and family Blue Cross products listed both on and off the health care exchanges created under the Affordable Care Act. The agreement does not include small-group or Medicare plans. State Farm will cease selling individual plans from Milwaukee-based Assurant Health in the five HCSC states, Welch said.
The pact should allow Blue Cross, which signed up 1.2 million people across five states in 2014, to  beef up its enrollment figures even more as more Americans seek individual insurance policies under the health law.  
“Any time you bring two of the most recognized brands together, it gives (customers) more opportunities to buy our products,” Welch said.  “It’s an alliance with mutual benefits. Expectations are high.”
HCSC views the partnership as a way to penetrate harder-to-reach markets within its five states by leveraging State Farm’s retail storefronts. State Farm has more than 11,000 agents scattered across 3,300 agencies in the five states, including 4,000 at 1,200 storefront agencies in Illinois.
Last year, agents and brokers were responsible for about 65 percent of the policies it sold outside of the Obamacare marketplaces, but only 20 percent of those sold inside.
Initially, Blue Cross expects most of the policies sold by State Farm to be those listed outside of the marketplaces. “But as time goes on, I expect we’ll start seeing more and more on-exchange members who are subsidy-eligible coming through because of the storefront perspective,” Welch said.
pfrost@tribune.com

Maril Montero: "La carta de la familia de Asunta la firma un tal Q.E.P.D."Mariló Montero: "La carta de la familia de Asunta la firma un tal Q.E.P.D."
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
Mariló Montero, presentadora de La Mañana de La 1 en Televisión Española, suma otra perla a su colección de frases polémicas. Esta mañana, tras comentar en directo la esquela de Asunta Basterra publicada este domingo en la prensa gallega con motivo del primer aniversario de su muerte, ha afirmado que "la carta de la familia la firma un tal Q.E.P.D.", siglas que significan "Que descanse en paz".
Un colaborador ha corregido a la presentadora, aclarándole el significado de la abreviatura, a lo que Mariló Montero ha respondido "Perdón, vale". Minutos después ha pedido disculpas por su confusión. "Lo siento enormemente, de todo se aprende. Pido que este asunto quede ahí porque rodea el fallecimiento de una criatura y debe ser tratado con rigor y respeto".
En este vídeo puedes ver tanto el lapsus de Mariló Montero como su disculpa posterior.
Mariló pide disculpas por su 'lapsus' con la carta Asunta
No es la primera vez que la presentadora realiza un comentario controvertido sobre la muerte de Asunta. En el día que se halló su cadáver, el pasado 3 de octubre. afirmó que "si acababa de ser asesinada, todavía está blandita" . Aquí puedes recordarlo.
En esta galería puedes volver a ver otras frases y momentos polémicos de Mariló Montero, desde su confusión entre los ríos Miño y Nilo hasta su encontronazo con Anne Igartiburu .
Close
Las perlas de Mariló Montero
de

Madres  solas y en paro: el reto de la  monomarentalidadMadres, solas y en paro: el reto de la 'monomarentalidad'
Publicado:
Email
Comentarios
"La luz, el gas, el alquiler… No hay forma de llegar a fin de mes con los 159,75 euros de ayuda que cobro del paro". Lorena, de 38 años, es madre soltera y está desempleada, una realidad que afecta a 4 de cada 10 mujeres que encabezan una familia monoparental, según el último informe de la Fundación Adecco .
La encuesta “Mujeres con responsabilidades familiares no compartidas” -realizada a 500 mujeres en esta situación- revela también que el 71% de las que están desempleadas llevan más de doce meses sin encontrar trabajo. En el caso de Lorena, ese período aumenta hasta el año y medio.
Lorena tiene un hijo de 11 años y encaja casi a la perfección en el perfil dibujado por el sondeo: soltera, menor de 45 años, con un hijo y estudios secundarios, que comparte vivienda para ahorrar y que posee 'grandes dificultades' para llegar a fin de mes.
"Antes vivía en una casa de alquiler con desconocidos para hacer frente a los gastos, pero ahora mi situación es extrema", cuenta a El Huffington Post, y detalla que se ha trasladado a una casa de acogida gracias a la Fundación de Familias Monoparentales Isadora Duncan .
En esta fundación, que también ofrece micropréstamos y apoyo a las madres solteras, reivindican "una ley, una normativa o un marco legal que regule la monoparentalidad independientemente del número de hijos". Así lo expresa su presidenta, María García, quien se queja de que el caso de las madres de familias monoparentales con un hijo no se contempla "ni en los códigos de buenas prácticas de bancos para frenar los desahucios, ni en las políticas autonómicas para la conciliación, ni en las tasas de guarderías".
5 DE CADA 10 MUJERES, SIN TRABAJO PERMANENTE
Lorena no tira la toalla. "A no ser que esté durmiendo, busco trabajo todo el tiempo. Hasta ahora, sólo he conseguido cubrir algunas bajas en hostelería o cuidando niños o ancianos", expone. En esa línea, la encuesta de la Fundación Adecco refleja que, aunque seis de cada diez mujeres están ocupadas, únicamente cinco tienen un trabajo permanente y la restante "sólo trabaja días sueltos".
Ángeles
Para Ángeles, de 42 años y madre soltera de dos pequeños de dos y seis años, conseguir un empleo es lo más importante. Esta ingeniera de Caminos atribuye a "un milagro" el haberse mantenido estos cinco años que lleva en paro: "Vivo de algunos ahorros, de dar de vez en cuando clases particulares y gracias a una beca para un máster con la que pude hacer el posgrado y sustentarnos durante un tiempo. Pero sólo me daba para ir al supermercado. Y a ver qué se me ocurre para este año...".
En 2011, explica, consiguió que el banco le concediera una carencia de tres años -tiempo en el que sólo devolvía intereses, no capital- para pagar la hipoteca de su casa. Este septiembre finaliza ese período. "Estoy llamando a todas las puertas, pero para que un asistente social te ayude tienes que estar tirado en la calle", denuncia.
"Y yo no recibo ninguna prestación ni ayuda económica de ningún familiar", agrega Ángeles. "De todas formas, las ayudas son insuficientes", destaca.
LAS AYUDAS, "ESCASAS Y MUY LENTAS"
En España, los hogares monoparentales -nueve de cada diez encabezados por figuras maternas- superan ya el medio millón (548.600), y dicha cifra ha crecido un 80% en la última década según el Instituto de la Mujer .
"Las ayudas sociales son muy escasas y de gestión muy lenta. No llegan para que uno no se caiga. Llegan, con suerte, cuando uno se ha caído", resume Carolina, una mujer soltera de 48 años con una hija de tres años y medio. Su empresa, dedicada a publicidad y marketing, cerró hace dos años. Después, trabajó como autónoma hasta que dejó de generar dinero, y ahora intenta dedicarse a ser doula o acompañante de la maternidad .
Su único ingreso estable son 426 euros de la renta activa de inserción . "Me mantengo gracias a trabajos esporádicos, porque la renta que percibo se la lleva la hipoteca de la casa", aclara Carolina.
En cuanto a la discriminación laboral por tener una familia 'monomarental' o encabezada por una mujer, ella lo tiene claro: "Mi percepción es que ni siquiera te consideran, porque creen que vas a priorizar otras cosas o vas a fallar".
DISCRIMINADAS EN LOS PROCESOS DE SELECCIÓN
La encuesta de la Fundación Adecco desvela que las madres en una situación parecida a la de Carolina comparten esta visión: un 86% de las encuestadas se siente "en inferioridad de condiciones" a la hora de afrontar un proceso de selección.
Eva
Por ejemplo, Eva afirma que jamás le han concedido una entrevista, aunque sugiere que puede ser por falta de experiencia o por su edad (39 años). Manda currículums casi a diario, no ha dejado de formarse y cumple "siempre" los requisitos de los puestos para los que postula -es administrativa-, pero "nunca" obtiene respuesta.
Madre de dos menores de 16 y 10 años, lleva desde el año 2000 sin trabajar, a excepción de un empleo de seis meses. Está divorciada y tiene la custodia de sus dos hijos. "Afortunadamente", su exmarido le pasa una pensión mensual de 600 euros (300 por cada niño).
Hasta el pasado agosto ha estado cobrando 398 euros mensuales durante seis meses gracias al plan Prepara , pero ahora sólo cuenta con la pensión de su exmarido. Agradece poder vivir en un piso propio y contar, al menos, con un pequeño colchón, pero sabe que "si de un saco, sacas y no metes, el saco termina por acabarse".
RECLAMAN MÁS MEDIDAS DE CONCILIACIÓN
Eva no tiene trabajo, pero coincide con muchas mujeres que sí están empleadas y afrontan un contexto similar al suyo: hay que aumentar las medidas de conciliación laboral-familiar. Según el informe de la Fundación Adecco, siete de cada 10 mujeres no consigue encontrar una jornada de trabajo adecuada a sus necesidades.
Cuando Leticia, en paro desde hace dos años, coge el teléfono, Marcos, su bebé de siete meses, empieza a llorar de fondo. Leticia calma al pequeño y cuenta que tiene otro hijo de nueve años, que hizo un FP de Administración y Gestión de Empresas pero ha trabajado también como camarera o limpiadora.
Leticia
Ya se le ha acabado la ayuda de 220 euros que percibía por desempleo y el padre de su hijo mayor le pasa la pensión "pocas veces y cuando se acuerda". Si no viviese con su actual pareja, quien trabaja y consigue los 1.000 euros al mes con los que se mantienen los cuatro, no tendría ningún recurso.
"Gracias a él puedo vivir", afirma, y explica que sólo el alquiler de su casa les cuesta "unos 500 euros". Aunque ahora comparte las obligaciones familiares con alguien más, Leticia se ha encargado sola de su hijo mayor durante cinco años. "No hay manera de encontrar trabajo ahora. Dicen que no porque eres madre, y mayor de 30 años y, encima, tienes dos hijos a tu cargo", se queja.
"No caigo en una depresión porque tengo dos personas a las que cuidar", dice. Pese a todo, ella intenta ser positiva: "Hay gente que está peor que yo".

Lo que ha dado de s esta foto en Twitter (MONTAJES)Lo que ha dado de sí esta foto en Twitter (MONTAJES)
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
La fotografía de un micrófono de la Cadena SER impactando en la sien izquierda de Esperanza Aguirre cuando llegaba a declarar en el juicio por su incidente de tráfico en la Gran Vía ha dado alas a los usuarios de Twitter para elaborar sus montajes.
Ha dado para tanto que hasta la propia Cadena SER, echándole humor, ha pedido disculpas a la presidenta del PP de Madrid por ello:
Pedimos perdón a @EsperanzAguirre por meterle el micro en el ojo. Ha sido un accidente, no volverá a ocurrir ;) pic.twitter.com/WnKNDg4rOf
— Cadena SER (@La_SER) September 22, 2014
La fotografía original fue tomada por Gonzalo Arroyo Moreno, fotógrafo de la agencia Getty:

La brutal paliza a una pareja gay en la noche de Madrid: "Fuera de aqu  maricones"La paliza a una pareja homosexual que salía de Diamante: "Fuera de aquí, maricones"
EL HUFFINGTON POST / EP
Email
Comentarios
El club Diamante es uno de los epicentros de la modernidad madrileña. Diseñadores, periodistas, músicos, actores... Allí se han celebrado algunas de las fiestas más sonadas de la capital, que congregan colas de metros ante su puerta.
Este fin de semana una historia menos luminosa ha sucedido en sus inmediaciones. Dos jóvenes agredieron la madrugada del domingo a una pareja de homosexuales en la calle Martín de los Heros cuando salieron cogidos de Diamante.
"Fuera de aquí, maricones", les gritaron, según ha informado a Europa Press desde la Asociación de Lesbianas, Gays, Transexuales, Bisexuales, y Heterosexuales de las Universidades Politécnica y Complutense de Madrid (Arcópoli).
Los hechos tuvieron lugar a las 4 de la madrugada. Dos hombres de 30 años salieron cogidos de la mano y unos jóvenes, que llegaron de los bajos de la plaza de los Cubos, les llamaron la atención y les dijeron "Hola".
PUÑETAZOS Y GOLPES
Segundos después, según sus testimonios, sin mediar más palabras, se abalanzaron contra ellos y comenzaron a golpearles, mientras que ellos no ofrecían resistencia. A uno de los agredidos, M.R.C, le pegaron y le tiraron contra un contenedor y al otro le dieron varios puñetazos en la cara. A continuación, los agresores abandonaron el lugar a la carrera.
La pareja, con fuerte conmoción y muy nerviosa, llamó a la Policía. A su juicio, los agentes que comparecieron al lugar "fueron bordes y nada agradables" con ellos, por lo que tomaron la determinación de no denunciar los hechos en comisaría, sino que lo harán en el mediodía de mañana ante los Juzgados de Plaza de Castilla.
Además, esa misma madrugada acudieron al hospital para que fueran tratadas su heridas. El parte médico recoge que M.R.C. sufre hematomas por todo el cuerpo consecuencia del ataque y J.M.I una fractura nasal.
Arcópoli considera que se trata de un caso más de agresión homófoba, ya que no robaron nada a la pareja, que no conocía, al tiempo que mientras les pegaban proferían gritos de "Maricones de mierda, fuera de aquí".
La asociación denuncia que en lo que va de año se han registrado el triple de ataques de este tipo, coincidiendo con una mayor visibilidad de este colectivo. No obstante, muchas de estas agresiones no se denuncian por miedo o porque algunos de ellos no quieren dar a conocer su condición sexual.
El club Diamante tiene lugar en la sala Pirandello, muy conocida en Madrid y en la que se ha llegado a ver incluso a los reyes Felipe y Letizia cuando eran príncipes.
Close
Orgullo gay por el mundo
de

Lost   diez aos despus: el legado de  Perdidos  a la televisin'Lost', diez años después: el legado de 'Perdidos' a la televisión
Publicado:
Email
Comentarios
Un hombre abre los ojos. Su pupila verde se dilata. Todo lo que ve es un bosque de bambú. El plano se abre, mostrando al hombre tendido sobre el suelo, magullado y vestido de traje. Pronto descubriremos que es uno de los supervivientes del vuelo 815 de Oceanic Airlines , estrellado en una isla. Con ese pestañeo comenzaba la serie por la que la cadena estadounidense ABC apostaba para su prime time hace justo diez años, el 22 de septiembre de 2004: Perdidos (Lost) , creada por J.J. Abrams y Damon Lindelof.
Este primer capítulo, que fue el más caro de la historia de la televisión en su momento , consiguió un gran dato de audiencia con 18,6 millones de espectadores en Estados Unidos. El éxito acompañó a este drama con tintes de ciencia ficción a lo largo de sus seis temporadas. En 2005 fue elegida como mejor drama en los Emmy y en 2006 ganó el Globo de Oro en la misma categoría. Una década más tarde del estreno de Perdidos, profesionales y académicos coinciden en que marcó un antes y después en la ficción televisiva, hasta tal punto que ha dejado huella en series posteriores, desde Juego de Tronos a El Barco .
LA SERIE DE LA COMPLEJIDAD
"Posiblemente es la serie de la primera década del milenio", afirma Iván Bort, doctor en Ciencias de la Comunicación y profesor de narrativa televisiva en CESAG . "Tuvo un seguimiento planetario único, que series anteriores como Expediente X o Twin Peaks no pudieron alcanzar porque no había capacidad industrial".
En este sentido, Concepción Cascajosa, profesora de Comunicación Audiovisual en la Universidad Carlos III, explica que fue la primera en alcanzar un fuerte impacto global y que supo explotar las tramas con experiencias paralelas en internet . "No coincidió con la popularización de Twitter y ese elemento social no lo tuvo, pero fue de las primeras en generar una conversación online paralela".
"Perdidos abrió las puertas al atrevimiento y ninguna serie ha llegado a su listón, y eso que han pasado diez años", apunta Curro Royo, guionista en Cuéntame y vicepresidente del sindicato de guionistas ALMA . "No sólo rompió los géneros, sino los tiempos. Nunca con otra serie me ha pasado eso de pensar '¿Y ahora cómo va a seguir la historia?'. Sus guionistas fueron atrevidos, valientes y rompedores".
En el momento de su estreno, la televisión por cable llevaba la batuta con series como Los Soprano, House o Mujeres desesperadas, recuerda Cascajosa. "Con Perdidos se demostró que las cadenas generalistas eran capaces de hacer narrativas sofisticadas. En un principio se veía difícil su viabilidad, se pensaba que podía encajar mejor como miniserie, pero demostró que se podían establecer narrativas televisivas de este tipo con éxito".
(Sigue leyendo después de la foto...)
SALTOS EN EL TIEMPO
La habilidad de los creadores de Perdidos residió en tomar elementos narrativos que ya exisitían, meterlos en la coctelera y conseguir un mejunje que atrapó a la audiencia. "No es tanto que marcara un antes y un después por ser innovadora en todo, sino porque hizo suyas construcciones que existían anteriormente. No inventó nada, pero fue magistral en cómo usó estos ingredientes", sostiene Bort.
Uno de los elementos diferenciales de la serie fue el manejo de los distintos planos temporales. "Hicieron algo tan valiente como que la mitad de los contenidos eran flashbacks (saltos al pasado) que rompían el hilo narrativo —explica Royo—. Cualquier directivo de una cadena te diría que son antitelevisivos porque despistan al espectador".
Los flashback ya existían, pero nunca habían jugado un papel tan complejo, añade Bort. "Fue la que nos acostumbró a ellos, pero más innovador fue cuando nos enseñó un flashforward (salto hacia el futuro) haciéndonos creer que era el pasado. Eso era algo con lo que el cine había podido coquetear en películas como Memento, pero verlo en televisión nos descolocó a todos".
ENIGMAS POR DOQUIER
Hasta el momento los misterios y tramas de las series se resolvían a lo largo de los capítulos, pero Perdidos rompe con esto al dejar numerosos enigmas sin resolver —¿qué era la isla, qué significaban los números, quién era Jacob...?— , lo que generaba gran cantidad de teorías entre sus seguidores. "Entre el espectador y los guionistas hay un pacto tácito, un 'síguenos, que sabemos dónde vamos'. La biblia de la serie —documento que detalla todos los aspectos de una ficción antes de producirla— la redacta J.J. Abrams y ahí ya se dice que ellos no saben qué es la isla ni lo van a decir. Aún así, hilaron seis temporadas perfectamente escritas", opina Royo. "Con Lindelof, la serie es un constante salto hacia la nada. Es un efectista a corto plazo: te saco un oso polar y tal vez te puedo contar el origen". O no.
También dio una visión globalizada de la televisión, como apunta Cascajosa, con "un reparto multicultural y desarrollada en muchos sitios". Potenció también la narrativa de guiños, "como por ejemplo, a través de un libro que se pueda estar leyendo un personaje. Convirtieron el visionado en una especie de búsqueda del tesoro, algo que hoy cultivan muchas series".
ADIÓS A LOS TÍTULOS DE CRÉDITO
Con Perdidos también cambiaron los títulos de crédito. Si antes las series comenzaban con una introducción musical y las caras y nombres de los actores, como en Friends , Lost optó por esto:
"Siempre les digo a mis alumnos que en esos ocho segundos del título sobre el fondo negro está la esencia de la serie", afirma Bort. "No podría haber tenido un opening tradicional, refleja la deriva, el no saber de dónde venimos, dónde vamos... Es una metáfora de lo que es la serie. Tras esto, hay dos tendencias, o la de minimizar los créditos o la de hacer supersecuencias, como en True Detective ". Concepción Cascajosa difiere de esta teoría: "Tiene más que ver con que cada vez hay más anuncios y menos tiempo para los títulos de crédito, pero sí respondieron a esa necesidad de manera muy icónica".
SU HUELLA EN LAS SERIES DE AHORA
Producciones como Flashforward , Fringe o Jericho beben directamente de Perdidos por el manejo del tiempo o el misterio, pero su herencia llega hasta series de nuestros días. "Igual que en los años 90 todo era 'a lo Seven', muchas series llevaban el sello 'a lo Perdidos'. Es un gran referente, un producto que todo el mundo valida, y cuyo rebufo se sigue aprovechando, pero algún día se agotará", piensa Bort. "Hoy sus deudoras serían The Walking Dead o Juego de Tronos , que se atreven a muchas cosas y no conceden todo el poder al espectador. Pueden utilizar ciertas estrategias narrativas a las que no se atreverían si los espectadores no se hubieran acostumbrado con Perdidos".
Sus ecos han llegado hasta la pantalla española. "En España, lo poco que ha podido quedar es El Barco , aunque con una adaptación de manera limitada", apunta este investigador. Cascajosa coincide: "Hay huellas en El Barco (Antena 3), que incorpora lo sobrenatural o en Cuenta Atrás (Cuatro), con los juegos temporales, sin ser series para un público de culto. El Internado (Antena 3) o Los Protegidos (Antena 3) no tienen a Perdidos como referente, pero sí tienen algunos elementos".
"Aquí no se hacen este tipo de series porque los públicos son distintos, aquí lo que se emite en primetime tiene que gustar al niño, a los padres y al abuelo. En Estados Unidos, aunque sólo guste a un nicho de mercado, ya supone millones de personas", apunta Bort. "En España somos cada vez más arriesgados y algún día llegaremos a hacer una buena ciencia ficción", añade Royo, "pero ahora mismo con nuestro presupuesto es imposible".
TAMBIÉN TE PUEDE INTERESAR

Indian medallists at Incheon Asian GamesIndian medallists at Incheon Asian Games
India expects  substantive  outcome from Modi s US visitIndia expects  substantive  outcome from Modi s US visit
Syrian troops kill 18 rebelsSyrian troops kill 18 rebels
India`s tryst with the red planet: MangalyaanIndia`s tryst with the red planet: Mangalyaan
Overseas funds seek to buy $400-500 mln stake in Aditya Birla Retail - sourcesOverseas funds seek to buy $400-500 mln stake in Aditya Birla Retail - sources
Oracle Financial s interim dividend not a violation of listing agreement: SATOracle Financial's interim dividend not a violation of listing agreement: SAT
Jayshree P Upadhyay | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 08:16 PM IST
The Securities and Appellate Tribunal (SAT) today ruled in favor of Oracle Financial Services Software and allowed it to declare interimdividend of Rs 485 and the record date has been fixed for 25th September.
The controversy stemmed from the interpretation of Clause 16of listing agreement by Securities Exchange Board of India (Sebi), stock exchanges and the company.
Stock exchanges and Sebi maintained that there should be agap of 30 days between book closure and record date for declaration of interimdividend.
On the other hand the software company based its decision of recorddate that the time difference of 30 days is needed between two book closuresand two record dates.
As per clause 16 of the listing agreement Oracle gave sevendays notice to the stock exchanges regarding the record date and sought theirapproval.
However as the gap between book closure and record date was less than30 days the bourses referred the matter to Sebi.Sebi in-turn guided stock exchanges that the record date of24th September was a violation of listing agreement.
In the order SAT stated that prima facie they do not seemerit in the contentions raised on behalf of the Sebi. The tribunal maintainedthat they agree with the company's interpretation of clause 16 and allowed themto fix record date for the heavy dividend that is close to Rs 500 per share.
On 12th September the company during its annual generalmeeting (AGM) approved an interim dividend of Rs 485 per share.
"In view of our prima facie opinion, we direct both thestock exchanges i.e. BSE & NSE to announce the record date for interim dividend" so as to enable the appellant to make payment to the investors by 29th September, 2014. We make it clear that passing of our order will not come inthe way of SEBI initiating any proceedings," it said.

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY: Youre in trouble!Tweet
If you are an employee in a major Indian corporate troubled by your conscience, you are unlikely to get much organisational support if you wanted to blow the whistle on internal wrongdoing. A report by consultancy major EY: The whistle-blowing quandary: India Inc’s journey from oblivious to obvious, reveals that while a majority of respondents assented to having a whistle-blowing mechanism, only 13 per cent were fully compliant with the Companies’ Act 2013. It also stated that only 22 per cent of the respondents had implemented the framework because they considered the structured mechanism integral to their business operations.
(This article was published on August 26, 2014)
Related

The importance of asking why during negotiationsThe importance of asking ‘why’ during negotiations
Kamal K Jain
Tweet
By asking ‘why’ you not only get the deal, you also give an impression to the other party that you care about their needs. This makes you likeable
Questions are a negotiator’s best and most under utilised tools. To best see it in action watch a Ted Talk by Simon Sinek, the author of Start with why, on how great leaders inspire action. Likewise, Marc Schaefer, President and CEO, Truliant Federal Credit Union, reinforces the importance of ‘why’ by saying, “People will accomplish any ‘what’ if they believe in the ‘why’.”
Brad McRae and Jim Hennig say that master negotiators are twice as likely to ask question than their less masterful counterparts. Questions educate without being adversarial. This often leads to a better substantive outcome, a better relationship, and lead to a better negotiation process. Deepak Malhotra and Max H Bazerman go to the extent of saying that the best way to get what you want in negotiation, sometimes the only way, is to approach the situation the way a detective approaches a crime scene.
Agreement is key
If you want to reach an agreement, it may not be enough for you to know what the other party wants. It is equally important to know why. Negotiating involves two parties working to resolve a problem. The problem cannot be solved unless you comprehend it from the other person’s perspective. Why the parties want something is where the process of problem solving begins. Inside every negotiator resides a fear of hearing ‘No’. But if you focus on the reasons of your counterpart’s opposition and try to find out why, you are most likely to find a way to negotiate successfully. So, the next time you hear no, don’t panic and don’t try to outwit your opponent. Pause for a moment and ask the question “Why?”
Fisher and Ury state that skilled negotiating is “a back and forth communication where some interests are shared and some are opposed. The purpose of negotiating is seeing if you can get your interests achieved through an agreement. An interest is why you want something, not what you want. When negotiators start working from the standpoint of interests, they can begin to work with the other party to explore alternative solutions. Good negotiators ask “problem-solving questions” to understand the other's position and underlying needs and look for possible ways to reach agreement.”
Similarly, James K Sebenius in his article Six Habits of Merely Effective Negotiators observes, “Since the other side will say yes for its reasons, not yours, agreement requires understanding and addressing your counterpart’s problem as a means to solving your own”. Jim Henning states, “Good negotiators understand the importance of, and quickly identify, the other Party’s negotiation needs. Great negotiators understand the importance of, and quickly identify, the other party’s personal needs, in addition to their negotiation needs. However, understanding the underlying reason for the need is something that is most important. It is here that you may often come up with a solution that may not cost you much but actually solves the problem of the other side.” Agreed, it is not that every situation will offer you an opportunity to find a solution using this approach. Yet, there may be enough situations that may offer you an opportunity to find an integrative solution.
Let us consider a situation that occurred between a customer who wanted to buy a car and a salesperson who was attending to this customer in the showroom. Having seen several models, the customer finally made-up his mind and asked the salesperson to arrange delivery of that particular car in light green. Knowing that the company does not produce the model in that colour , the salesperson started eulogising to the customer the beauty of other ‘available’ colours. The more he tried to convince the customer, the more resistance he faced. The salesperson felt that the customer was being finicky and almost gave up. At the point, when the customer was about to leave, the salesperson asked him, “Sir, will you help me understand why you want the car only in light green?”
The customer said that he had recently painted his garage light green and wanted to buy a car that matches it. The salesperson proposed, “Sir what if we repaint, at our cost, your garage in another colour, one in which we have the car in stock?” The customer immediately agreed.
Thus, by asking ‘why’ you not only get the deal, you also give an impression to the other party that you care about their needs. They feel you understand their needs and it makes you likeable. Your increased likeability takes care of most of your problems in negotiation. You will discover that your counterpart is now more willing to concede your wishes. He, now, appears more like a collaborator than your opponent. For, after all, don’t forget : In their win, lies your win.
The writer is Professor of Organisational Behaviour and HR at IIM, Indore
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)

Why it pays to under pay your star employeeWhy it pays to under pay your star employee
Srinivas Bhogle
Tweet
The under-compensated employee is often picked for more difficult or challenging tasks and, over time, he goes on to become the star
Hiring good people and retaining them is very difficult. Most companies, and many employees, believe that the only way to do this is by continuously increasing their compensation.
But this seldom works. The gratitude that you think you’ve earned after giving a hike or a bonus fizzles out very quickly. Within a matter of weeks the employee begins to take his ‘new’ compensation or incentive for granted.
Train to nowhere
Sadly companies take too long to realie that this strategy isn’t working; revenues continue to fall, but motivation never scales the expected height. This is a train that’s eventually going to get nowhere.
Hence, at Teoco (The Employee Owned Company) we are trying to do things differently: instead of slightly over-compensating our employees, we slightly under-compensate them. If this sounds crazy, hear how Teoco’s CEO Atul Jain explains why it might work. He says, “Assume that I’m the CEO, and let’s see it from my perspective. I see the under-compensated employee as offering me more value. I’m therefore always a little more cognisant of his concerns and requirements; and my sense of fair play forces me to offer him the more challenging or lucrative projects. So he usually ends up getting much better projects and learning the harder part of the business. This experience, over time, makes him progressively more worthy and valuable.
It’s just the opposite with someone who is over-compensated. I know that he’s giving me relatively less value, and, if I’m required to cut down my numbers on some project, his is likely to be the first head on the chopping block. Let me take my own example. During the six years that I worked at Tibco, I was, by a fair reckoning, under-compensated by at least $10,000 every year. While I sensed this very often, my bosses at Tibco knew all along that I was being paid less than what I deserved! So, what did they do? They gave me tremendous freedom, shared a lot of their business knowledge and secrets, involved me in the most interesting and diverse projects, and encouraged me in dozens of other ways. I guess this was their way of showing gratitude, and see how that has helped me. I probably ‘lost’ $60,000 in salary over the six years, but gained so much more in return! It was my Tibco experience, and Tibco’s equity compensation, that gave me the courage to start Teoco – and eventually create a business worth millions of dollars. Now imagine how Tibco might have treated me if they believed that I was over-compensated. I’m guessing, probably more like a contractor? While the contractor is usually paid more, he is almost always engaged for high priority tasks – that tend to be mundane and repetitive – not for tasks requiring new learning. Since the contractor costs more, no company wants him to experiment with anything unusual or innovative at their expense; they want him to complete his assigned task quickly and either leave or move on to his next task.
We actually see this happening so many times. Last year, some of our smartest youngsters went away when bigger companies enticed them with bigger compensation and bigger promises; but a year later some of them are desperately keen to return – because they find that they were either on the bench, or forced to handle the legacy support of a big-paying customer with no new learning opportunity on the anvil.
They eventually figured out that in the first half, or first third, of their career a bigger opportunity and exposure is far more important than more money.
This probably happens in most companies: it is the under-compensated employee who is often picked for the more difficult or challenging tasks and, over time, it is this under-compensated employee who goes on to become the real winner or the proverbial muqaddar ka sikandar.
The writer is Country Head, Teoco, a big data analytics firm
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)
Related

Palm oil to test supports  risePalm oil to test supports, rise
Gnanasekaar T
A worker arranging oil palm fruit bunches on to a trailer
Positive divergences seen in indicators, downside from current levels will be limited
September 8, 2014:  
Malaysian crude palm oil (CPO) futures on the Bursa Malaysia Derivatives ended higher on Monday due to weather concerns and nervousness ahead of the Malaysia Palm Oil Board data to be released later this week. Forecasts for unfavourable weather in parts of key corn and soya-growing regions resulted in short-covering.
CPO active month November futures bounced back higher in line with our expectations.
As mentioned in the previous update, extremely oversold conditions warn us of possible retracement in the coming sessions. Immediate resistance will be at MYR 2,095/2,100 a tonne followed by a stronger one at 2,151 levels.
The prices structures warn us of getting bearish at present levels and any fall to MYR 1,975/85 could hold attempts to decline and subsequently test resistances mentioned above in the coming sessions.
Only a fall below MYR 1,945/tonne could cause doubts on our short-term bullish view and such a decline could take prices lower towards 1,835-45/tonne levels, which we do not favour presently.
Due to the positive divergences seen in indicators, we believe the downside from current levels to be limited and more chances exist for a push towards MYR 2,200/tonne levels in the coming weeks.
As mentioned earlier, a corrective A-B-C in progress with an equality target now stretching to MYR 2,135/tonne levels or even lower.
With the present structures, there is a good chance that we could be in a five wave impulse moving lower with equality targets near 1,700/tonne levels. The present decline has targets near 1,845 levels from where a strong retracement could commence.
Despite, a minor retracement, RSI is still in the extremely oversold zone now indicating a possible upward correction in the offing.
The averages in MACD are still below the zero line of the indicator hinting at bearishness to be intact.
Only a crossover again above the zero line could hint at a resumption in the bullish trend.
Therefore, look for palm oil futures to test the support levels and then rebound.
Supports are at MYR 2,005, 1,975 and 1,900 while resistances are at MYR 2,075, 2,100 and 2,200.
The author is the Director of Commtrendz Research. There is risk of loss in trading.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
Related

Debra L. Lee  CEO of BET  on brands as  powerful catalystsDebra L. Lee, CEO of BET, on brands as 'powerful catalysts'
Caption Debra L. Lee
Kevin Winter / Getty Images for BET / June 29, 2014
BET Networks Chairman & CEO Debra L. Lee speaks during the BET Awards earlier this year.
BET Networks Chairman & CEO Debra L. Lee speaks during the BET Awards earlier this year. (Kevin Winter / Getty Images for BET / June 29, 2014)
Caption Campaign for Real Beauty by Dove
Dove
A woman appears in an ad for the "Campaign for Real Beauty" by Dove.
A woman appears in an ad for the "Campaign for Real Beauty" by Dove. (Dove)
Caption Campaign for Real Beauty by Dove
Dove
A woman appears in an ad for the "Campaign for Real Beauty" by Dove.
A woman appears in an ad for the "Campaign for Real Beauty" by Dove. (Dove)
Caption Tide's "Loads Of Hope" mobile laundry program
Frederick Breedon / Getty Images for Tide / 2010
A member of the Tide's "Loads Of Hope" laundry crew lines up a row of laundry cleaned for free as a service for flood victims in Nashville, Tenn.
A member of the Tide's "Loads Of Hope" laundry crew lines up a row of laundry cleaned for free as a service for flood victims in Nashville, Tenn. (Frederick Breedon / Getty Images for Tide / 2010)
Caption Tide's "Loads Of Hope" mobile laundry program
Mario Tama / Getty Images / 2012
Worker Holly Rochelle sorts a resident's laundry washed for free at the Tide "Loads of Hope" mobile laundromat set up for those affected by Hurricane Isaac in LaPlace, La.
Worker Holly Rochelle sorts a resident's laundry washed for free at the Tide "Loads of Hope" mobile laundromat set up for those affected by Hurricane Isaac in LaPlace, La. (Mario Tama / Getty Images / 2012)

33 Photos That Could Save Your LifeIdentifying Skin Cancer: 33 Photos That Could Save Your Life - Weather.com
www.weather.com
reddit
www.weather.com:
Skin cancer is the most common form of cancer in the United States. One in five Americans will be diagnosed with the disease in his or her lifetime. There are more new cases of skin cancer every year than breast, prostate, lung and colon cancers combined, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

A Day for Universal Connecting and Creativityreddit
Unplug and reconnect...
A soapbox I jump on every once in a while and a cause I truly believe in -- passionately. In fact, more so after reading about the late Steve Jobs and his strong views on his children's education .
My view is that everyone should pick a "Sabbath" -- a time of some duration (an hour, minimum) -- on any day they choose and put down their electronics, turn off their devices, close their computers, walk don't ride, fight the urge to tweet and reconnect with their lives... friends... family... nature... themselves...
It is my belief that inherent in those connections is a powerful creativity that we run the risk of losing in the crowded and noisy and complicated world that consumes us from the time we wake up and first pick up our smartphones -- and, by the way, the impact on the environment would be monumental.
I want to up the ante, and thank you Solly for the inspiration.
What if we were to pick one day a year -- a day we all agree on -- and declare it our day? A day of Universal Connectivity and Creativity. A day of thinking, reflecting, hugging, walking, talking, eating (yes, eating without a device on the table). A day when social media online goes dark because social offline goes live.
Imagine the power of such a day. You could participate in as much of it or as little as your personal "jones" allowed, from one hour to 24, and I guarantee you that just like picking your random day a week will change your life. If we could aggregate it all in one day, once a year, we will change the world.
Now, I know this is a crazy idea -- beyond, in fact -- but listen:
"The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do." - Steve Jobs
Jobs saw this, just like he saw Apple. I'm convinced of it.
Are you ready to be crazy and help start a movement to change the world?
What do you think?
Follow David Sable on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DavidSable
More:

U.S. Treasury moves against corporate inversion dealsU.S. Treasury moves against corporate inversion deals
Jacob Lew Address Forum On Economic Costs Of Climate Change
Mark Wilson, Getty Images
U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew.
U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew. (Mark Wilson, Getty Images)
Laws and Legislation U.S. Congress Jack Lew
Lew takes action against tax inversion deals
The Obama administration on Monday issued a string of new rules that seek to crack down on U.S. companies that seek to cut their tax bills by moving their addresses abroad.
You might have heard the word “inversion” recently. Deerfield-based Walgreen considered it, but decided against it. North Chicago-based AbbVie is planning one. Even President Barack Obama has weighed in on the practice. Here's a primer on what they're talking about: ( Becky Yerak and Ellen Jean Hirst )
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said Monday on a conference call that the rules, which apply to all deals that close on or after Monday, seek to stem the tide of U.S. companies acquiring foreign firms in order to reincorporate in a country with lower corporate tax rates, a trend that accelerated in 2014.
With a deadlocked Congress, the Obama administration was limited in how far it could go to curb the deals.
President Barack Obama, in a statement, said the administration “will act wherever we can to protect the progress the American people have worked so hard to bring about.”
Both he and Lew urged Congress to take additional action to make such transactions even less attractive.
cComments
@Klaus_Flauten They would have to do the common sense thing, lower the corporate tax rate to 15% or less. The very vocal fringe minority social media lynch mob's heads would explode. It is a pity our government pays so much attention to the twatters on Twitter and the faceless on Facebook....
PeterBella
3
The actions could complicate eight inversions that are pending, including North Chicago-based AbbVie’s planned $55 billion acquisition of the Irish drugmaker Shire, which has not yet completed.
AbbVie has said the transaction, scheduled to close in the fourth quarter, would allow it to reduce its corporate tax rate to 13 percent from 22 percent in 2016, gain access to offshore cash and diversity its drug portfolio.
Some of those benefits will still be available to the company, but it could be limited in how it accesses and deploys its overseas cash.
It’s unclear if the action will cause AbbVie to reconsider its acquisition of Shire, the largest deal involving an inversion announced this year.
Most of the rules will not affect AbbVie’s north suburban neighbor, Horizon Pharma, which became the 14th U.S. company to complete a foreign address change since the beginning of 2012 when it closed a deal Friday and inverted to Ireland.
Neither company could be reached for comment.
Three of the rule changes target companies that seek to repatriate foreign cash without paying U.S. taxes, a maneuver known as “hopscotching.”
Another action makes it more difficult for U.S. firms to sidestep current laws that require that foreign shareholders own at least 20 percent of the combined company in an inversion.
The Treasury actions come amid a standstill in Congress, where a flurry of bills has been introduced this year aimed at stemming the exodus of domestic companies to more tax-friendly countries.
The Joint Committee on Taxation, a nonpartisan arm of Congress, estimates that legislation to stop inversions would preserve about $20 billion in tax revenue over the next 10 years.
 

Google severs ties with conservative group over climate change stanceGoogle severs ties with conservative group over climate change stance
Google Inc. Chairman Eric Schmidt
Antonio Heredia / Bloomberg
Google Chairman Eric Schmidt announced Monday that the firm would sever ties with a controversial conservative group because of its position on climate change.
Google Chairman Eric Schmidt announced Monday that the firm would sever ties with a controversial conservative group because of its position on climate change. (Antonio Heredia / Bloomberg)
Google cuts ties with conservative American Legislative Exchange Council over climate change stand
Google executive says of conservative network, "They're just literally lying" about climate
Microsoft also recently cut ties with conservative American Legislative Exchange Council
Google is breaking ties with the American Legislative Exchange Council, a prominent network of conservative state legislators that, among other projects, works to roll back laws that promote solar and wind power, the company's chairman said Monday.
When overworked Silicon Valley innovators retreated to the Nevada desert a week ago for the annual Burning Man festival, some met an unexpected reveler. There, among the drug-infused performance art, stood a buttoned-down policy wonk from Washington preaching small government to the Bay Area... ( Evan Halper )
“The consensus within the company was that that was some sort of mistake,” Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt said, referring to the initial decision to support ALEC.
“Everyone understands climate change is occurring, and the people who oppose it are really hurting our children and our grandchildren and making the world a much worse place," Schmidt said in an interview with National Public Radio’s Diane Rehm. "And so we should not be aligned with such people -- they're just, they're just literally lying.”
Now is the time to cut ties with the chamber of commerce too.
marelbert

8 Things No One Tells You About Your Wedding Nightreddit
In the months leading up to your wedding day, you're probably getting a lot of winks and nudges about your wedding night. But the reality is, the wedding night isn't always filled with passionate and totally romantic lovemaking -- which can be a little disappointing if you weren't expecting this. We hate to burst your bubble, but here are 10 very common (and not terribly sexy) scenarios you'll might experience after you say "I do."
1. You will be STARVING.
A lot of couples don't get to eat at their reception ; once the adrenaline of the day wears off, hitting the drive-thru or ordering room service is going to sound amazing.
2. You might be really sad.
3. Or really drunk.
(Or really sad AND really drunk.)
4. You may also be in the early stages of a hangover.
5. You'll probably need a moment to change out of your shapewear and into your sexy lingerie.
Because on your wedding day, you're going to be all about function over form.
6. And if your dress has a million buttons or hooks, removing it probably won't be all that sexy.
7. If you rock an updo, you'll probably take it partially down before getting bored and giving up.
Also, your room will be scattered with bobby pins, not rose petals.
8. You will be EXHAUSTED.
This is incredibly common. But your wedding day is a really long day; don't feel bad if all you want to do is pass out the second the party's over.
More from Lover.ly:

Government Hackers Try to Crack HealthCare.govAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Sharon Stone Slammed By  Golden Boy  Directorreddit
Italian director Pupi Avati knew he wanted Sharon Stone to star in his film, "Golden Boy." What he didn't know, he told The Hollywood Reporter in an interview on Friday, is how difficult it would be to work with her.
Avati told The Hollywood Reporter that he was thrilled that Stone agreed to act in the low-budget project, until Stone's reps reportedly reached out with a lengthy list of demands .
"It was a negotiation that bordered on ridiculousness, concerning embarrassing details, as if Italy was a third world country. By the way, we do have electricity in Italy,” he said.
The director claimed Stone's antics didn't end there, either. According to Avati, when Stone saw a television crew and photographers filming a scene, she allegedly left the set unannounced.
"Then my brother [Antonio Avati] received a phone call from Los Angeles from her manager. She wouldn’t come back on the set until the photographers and especially that damned TV cameramen had gone away. Obviously we did so and she, like nothing happened, shot the scene. The thing that I found most absurd is that she had to call to the States and to close herself in a car, instead of coming to ask us directly,” Avati said.
"None of this is true," a representative for Stone told HuffPost Entertainment in an email. "Ms. Stone is the consummate professional."
For more on Avati's complaints about Stone, read the full interview with The Hollywood Reporter .
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Alecia Moore s New Project Includes Ode To Her MomYou+Me's 'Break The Cycle' Is A Love Song To P!nk's Mom In Disguise
Posted:
reddit
You+Me is the project of Alecia Moore (P!nk) and Dallas Green (City and Colour), two of the most notable voices in music today. While such prominent voices rarely mix too seamlessly, Green and Moore were destined to harmonize together.
"It doesn't sound like you featuring me, or me featuring you," Green said in the group's explainer video . "It sounds like us."
Gearing up to release their debut album, "rose ave.," on Oct. 14, HuffPost Entertainment is pleased to premiere the group's second single, "Break the Cycle."
Keeping in line with the acoustically driven tone of their first track, " You and Me ," strings float in and out as Moore and Green sit an octave apart atop sparse strums during the verses. In the chorus, the duo harmonizes with a more upbeat feel, matched in lyrics like, "Let me heal the wounds you've held onto for all these years / Break the cycle, break the chains / Love is louder than all your pain."
“We were at the bar talking and I really wanted to write a song about my mom," Moore told HuffPost Entertainment. "It didn’t turn out to be quite the love song I thought it would be, but it’s very honest and came out to be so much more.”
“The words of the chorus is the loving, nurturing part," Green told HuffPost Entertainment. "I did not expect this song to turn out the way it did and it’s so good.”
For more information about You+Me, head over to their website .
Also on The Huffington Post
Close
Artists To Know In 2014
of

Digvijaya slams Modi govt s claim of Xi s  sucessful  visit  asks China s prepration for  regional warPrint
In another tweet, Singh he said, "The DD newsreader who interpreted Xi as 11 was sacked by #Modisarkar. What'll they do wid d person who marked J&K and Arunachal as disputed?". (PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 3:42 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 6:28 pm
Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh Tuesday questioned the Narendra Modi government’s claims that Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India was a success as he targeted the Prime Minister for his handling of relations with the neighbouring country.
Referring to reports that the Chinese foreign ministry has expressed satisfaction over the Prime Minister’s statement that Tibet was an integral part of China, Singh charged that
the government had made a “major departure” from the stated position of India.
“I think it is a major departure from the stated position of India. Have we not compromised? Would Mr PM pl explain?” Singh said on twitter.
Further, taking objection to reports that the Chinese President had asked the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) to be combat ready to win a “regional war”, Singh tweeted that,
“President China asks PLA to be ready for a Regional War within a week of his so claimed successful visit to India! What went wrong Mr Modi?”
In another tweet, former Madhya Pradesh chief minister Singh, a known detractor of Modi, attacked him over the map controversy sparked by the alleged distribution of a handout by an official of the Gujarat government which purportedly shows Arunachal Pradesh as disputed territory.
“Indian Territory shown by Maps given by Gujarat Govt as disputed Territory! Nationalism/Patriotism Gujarat Style? Would PM/CM Gujarat Act?” Singh said.
Soon after Congress had raised the map issue on Monday, Gujarat government responded saying the map was not part of the memoranda signed with China.
“The map shows the location of Guangdong Province and Guangzhou City in China. The map was neither signed by any officials of the Gujarat government nor endorsed by Government of Gujarat.
“The map shows the location and other data such as geographical area, population, etc. The map was not part of the MoU signed,” the state government had said in a statement last evening.
India is faced with an incursion into the Chumar area of Ladakh by PLA troops who are showing no signs of withdrawing in a stand-off which has now lasted more than 10 days.
Meanwhile, Youth Congress President Rajiv Satav also took a dig at BJP over the Chinese incursion into Indian territory and the map controversy.
“7 Chinese Tent houses at #Chumar; No Aksai Chin in Indian map. What was the $20 bn deal for? #MainDeshNahiJhukneDunga,” Satav said in a tweet ridiculing one of the key slogans of BJP and Modi during Lok Sabha polls.
In another tweet, he said, “The DD newsreader who interpreted Xi as 11 was sacked by #Modisarkar. What’ll they do wid d person who marked J&K and Arunachal as disputed?”.

White tiger kills youth who fell inside its enclosure at Delhi zooTiger kills youth who jumped inside its enclosure at Delhi zoo
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 14:47 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:51 IST(25/9/2014)
A white tiger attacked and killed a young man who appeared to have jumped over a barricade into an enclosure at the Delhi zoo on Tuesday, officials said.
White tiger at Delhi zoo corners a boy before killing him. (PTI Photo)
Witnesses said the tiger grabbed the young man by the neck as horrified onlookers at the National Zoological Park near Sundar Nagar screamed and threw sticks and stones to try and save him.
Television footage showed the frightened man crouching against a wall as the tiger stared into his face.
One witness said he raced to the enclosure after hearing screams to see the victim locked in the tiger's jaws, “writhing badly in pain”.
Read: Crocodile attacks man at Bhopal's Kaliasot dam
The deceased was identified as Maqsood, a factory worker and resident of central Delhi’s Anand Parbat. His parents said the 19-year-old was mentally ill and addicted to bhang.
Despite repeated warnings that he shouldn't get too close to the outdoor enclosure, Maqsood eventually climbed over a knee-high fence, through some small hedges, then jumped down 18 feet into a protective moat, said zoo director Amitabh Agnihotri.
The enclosed space is separated from visitors by a concrete ditch, with shrubs on the tiger’s side followed by a two-foot railing.
Read: He told me he’d be back for dinner, says mother
Raw Video: 'Mar gaya", onlooker's chilling remark as tiger mauls youth in Delhi zoo
Authorities eventually frightened the tiger into a small cage inside the enclosure. Maqsood, whose body remained in the outdoor enclosure two hours after the attack, was dead by the time help reached him.
“The tiger was just being a tiger," said Belinda Wright, who has spent years working to protect India's dwindling numbers of wild tigers. "An unusual object fell into his domain. ... He's a wild animal in captivity. It is certainly not the tiger's fault.”
The zoo did have tranquiliser guns, said manager Riaz Khan. “But by the time we could arrange them, the man was dead.”
 
The zoo authorities have been booked for causing death by negligence, police said.
Six years ago an inebriated man fell into a lioness’ enclosure but the big cat spared his life, zoo officials said.
India is home to 1,706 Royal Bengal tigers and fewer than 100 white tigers, according to the last census in 2011. All the white tigers are in captivity.
(With agency inputs)

Treasury Department s Tax Crackdown Sparks Political FightTreasury Department’s Tax Crackdown Sparks Political Fight
 
Morning Money Memo:
The Treasury Department has announced a sweeping crackdown on tax inversions, the practice in which U.S. companies use mergers and takeovers of foreign firms to move their headquarters overseas to avoid paying U.S. taxes. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew says the new steps close “a glaring loophole” in the tax code and will ensure it no longer makes financial sense for companies to use that tactic. But Republicans object to latest example of the administration sidestepping Congress. “Until the White House gets serious about tax reform, we are going to lose good companies and jobs to countries that have or are actively reforming their tax laws,” says Dave Camp, R-Mich., chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee. The Treasury Department says it’s putting forward regulations that will make inversions less lucrative by barring some techniques companies use to defer their taxes. It’s also making it harder for firms to pursue an inversion by tightening the requirement that the company’s former owners own less than 80 percent of the new company. The measures will take effect immediately and are the latest example of the administration acting on its own to sidestep a deadlocked Congress. Republicans fault the administration for not making a greater effort to work with Congress on corporate tax overhaul.
Apple says it sold more than 10 million of new iPhones in their first weekend of availability. The iPhone 6 and large-screen 6 Plus set a sales record, the company says. “We could have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill orders as quickly as possible,” Apple CEO Tim Cook says. The biggest shortages and longest shipping delays are for the 6 Plus.
Motorists are paying less for gas.  The pump prices have dropped 10 cents a gallon in the past two weeks, according to the U.S. Energy Department. The nationwide average for regular gas is $3.35 a gallon.
Starbucks is testing a latte that it says has the “savory toasty malt” flavor of a foamy mug of stout. The “Dark Barrel Latte” is being tested in a handful of stores in Ohio and Florida, said Linda Mills, a Starbucks spokeswoman. She said the drink is topped with whipped cream, dark caramel drizzle and incorporates a “chocolaty stout flavored sauce.” Despite the stout flavor, the latte does not contain alcohol. The company has said it would expand its test of serving alcohol and small bites in the evening to more stores.
The stock market suffered its biggest one-day loss in seven weeks. Futures fell this morning. The Russell 2000 small stock index had the biggest loss Monday, down 1.5 percent. The Russell has dropped 3 percent since the beginning of the year, while the large-stock S&P 500 gained nearly 8 percent.
Richard Davies Business Correspondent ABC News Radio abcnews.com Twitter: daviesnow
 

Exim Bank receives Rs 650 cr capital infusion from GovtExim Bank receives Rs 650 cr capital infusion from Govt
Our Bureau
The Bank is due to receive further Rs 650 crore this year as part of the worth capital infusion
September 23:  
 
Export and Import Bank of India received Rs 650 crore capital and is due to receive further Rs 650 crore this year as part of the worth capital infusion from the Government of India.
"Last year we got Rs 700 crore from the government… (it) will give us Rs 1,300 crore this year. Out of that, we have already received Rs 650 crore of capital about ten days ago. Rest we will receive in the second half of this fiscal," Yaduvendra Mathur, Chairman and Managing Director, Exim bank said on the sidelines of a round table to sign Memorandum of Intent with US dignitaries to encourage collaboration to promote investment into Indian companies in the US.
Following the infusion, the paid-up capital base of the Government-owned bank will be increased to Rs 5,000 crore.
The bank has also asked for additional Rs 2,500 crore for next financial year in addition to room for further leverage. “The leverage ratio should be enhanced from 11 to 15. The other request is additional Rs 2,500 crore in the next financial year and another Rs 2,500 crore after that,” the CMD had said last month.
According to him, net asset growth for Exim bank will be at least in the range of 10-12 per cent this year. “We will be looking at more off-take from industry in the next two quarters. Last year, net asset growth was about 15 per cent. We are not too bullish on net asset growth. We are looking at more project export this year,” Mathur added.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Amazon India launches Release Day DeliveryYou are here: Home > Collections
Amazon India launches Release Day Delivery
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 07.08PM IST
Tags:
Amazon India
(Amazon.in announced the…)
BANGALORE: Amazon.in today announced the launch of Release Day Delivery (RDD), a service committed to delivering new product offerings to customers on the day of their launch.
With the launch of RDD , Amazon.in customers can now pre- order and receive some of the most eagerly awaited new products at their doorstep on the day of release, the company said.
The service is launched with the release of Xbox One. This means hundreds of customers who had pre booked the Xbox One in 35+ cities have started receiving their deliveries today, it added.
"We know how eager customers are to lay their hands on new releases. We cannot think of a better way to 'Deliver Smiles'. We are absolutely delighted by the response we got and look forward to offering more delightful experiences for our customers," said Amit Agarwal, Vice President and Country Manager, Amazon India .
Amazon.in has enabled Release Day Delivery for the video games category at launch and will soon be adding other categories.
The release said taking this one step further, Amazon.in today delighted several customers of Xbox One across India with midnight deliveries (a little after 12:00 am) earlier today. Xbox One released at 00.01 hours in India today.
The midnight deliveries were made to customers in Bangalore, Mumbai, Delhi, Hyderabad, Chennai, Pune, Ahmedabad and Nagpur who had pre- booked the product. Amazon Logistics has enabled this on the back of specially designed operational processes to ensure adherence to strict embargo levels, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hike in circle rates in Delhi to hit housing...Hike in circle rates in Delhi to hit housing demand
PTI Sep 23, 2014, 06.58PM IST
Tags:
CBRE
(Increase in circle rates…)
NEW DELHI: Increase in circle rates by up to 20 per cent in the national capital could further dampen investor sentiment and affect housing market, according to global property consultants.
The Delhi government yesterday raised the circle rates - the minimum valuation at which properties have to be registered - by up to 20 per cent with an aim to check black money component in sale and purchase transactions.
CBRE South Asia Pvt Ltd Chairman & MD Anshuman Magazine said: "This move of increasing circle rates by 20 per cent across the board will have an impact on home buying decisions in the capital.
With the housing market already going through a slowdown, this announcement coming just before the festive season is likely to further dampen the investor sentiment."
Circle rate has been increased to Rs 7.74 lakh per square metre of land from Rs 6.45 lakh in category A housing colonies like Greater Kailash, Defence Colony, Gulmohar Park, Panchsheel Enclave, Anandlok, Green Park, Golf Links and Hauz Khas.
JLL India Associate Director (Research) Rohan Sharma said the decision to hike circle rates would affect demand in Delhi's secondary property market, which is already facing slowdown.
"It is a good move to bring circle rates in line with the current market price. This will curb black money in property market and bring transparency in sales transactions," Sharma said.
He said, however, the hike should not have been uniform and more ground analysis should have been done before raising the rates.
Asked about impact on demand, Sharma said: "Things are already slow in South Delhi. It will have more dampening affect. Pace of transaction will slow down."
"Buyers will have to shell out more money which means increase in the cost of apartments".
Sharma noted that developers are already facing slowdown in demand and consequent liquidity crunch.
The land rates in Category B like Andrews Ganj, Kalkaji, Munirka Vihar and Nehru Enclave have been increased to Rs 2,45,520 as against current rate of Rs 2,04,600 per sq meter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cyrus Mistry  Ambani to attend Modi s  Make in India  launchHi Guest
Cyrus Mistry, Ambani to attend Modi's 'Make in India' launch
Top corporate leaders have confirmed their attendance for the 'Make in India' campaign launch which will be held on Thursday.   Image: Photograph: Vivek Prakash/Reuters  From top honchos of large Indian conglomerates like the House of Tatas, the two Reliance Groups and the Aditya Vikram Birla empire to chief executives of some of the best-known global companies like Mercedes, Airbus, Vodafone, Honda and Samsung have confirmed their attendance at the event where Modi will make a strong ...

AAP not to contest Maharashtra assembly electionsAAP not to contest Maharashtra assembly elections
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sep 23:  
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) will not contest the October 15 Assembly elections in Maharashtra, the party announced today.
“The Lok Sabha election results brought a realisation that it is not possible to win elections without a strong grass root organisational structure,” AAP spokesperson Preeti Sharma Menon said.
“We also realised that due to lack of resources and inability of the party to give financial support, many candidates had to struggle to fight elections,” she added.
According to her, the party has decided that it should concentrate on strengthening the organisation, establishing processes and systems, building the infrastructure for communication with volunteers and empowering them through training, so that the party gets a strong volunteer base and organisational strength to enable it fight traditional politics.
“AAP Maharashtra will not contest elections and we will also not support anyone in the forthcoming Assembly elections, neither independent candidates nor any political parties,” Menon said.
“If any AAP member chooses to contest polls either as an independent or through any other party, his or her membership is automatically rescinded. The party members will not be involved in any campaigning,” she said.
AAP volunteers will launch an awareness campaign on proactive participation — ‘Jagrut Nagrik’ and the party will encourage teams to conduct two campaigns in each Assembly constituency — to identify corrupt candidates and prevent bribes.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Sterling to enter home healthcare servicesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sterling to enter home healthcare services
Our Bureau
To launch operations in Ahmedabad and Gujarat eyeing 1 million households
Ahmedabad, Sept 23,
In a first for India, elderly and infants in Gujarat are set to get nursing services at their doorstep from highly trained and professional nurses from an organised player. Asilia Home Healthcare – a joint venture between Ahmedabad-based hospital chain, Sterling Group and India Home Health Care (IHHC) along with US-based home healthcare provider Bayada will provide nursing services at doorstep.
Announcing the JV in Ahmedabad on Tuesday, Girish Patel, chairman, Sterling Addlife India Ltd said, “We are bringing new concept for India. Families are getting nuclear and there is less time for people to get engaged in hospitalisation of their relatives due to career commitments. Hence, professional nurses will be available at their doorstep for medical care.”
Initially, the services will be offered in Ahmedabad and Gujarat, and later will be extended to Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan over a period of next two years. The company aims to tap about a million houses in Gujarat. India’s home healthcare industry, put together equipment and services, is estimated at about Rs 12,600 crore.
As per the 70:30 JV, IHHC will hold 30 per cent and will bring expertise from their investor Bayada and customize it for Indian market’s requirements. The nurses, including male nurses, will be trained by IHHC as per international standards. Aspects such as reliability, accountability and safety of the staff will be considered before sending any nurse on the assignment.
The company aims to offer services ranging from nursing care, caregiver services, doctor’s consultation, lifestyle and diet counselling, yoga trainer, rehabilitative services, palliative care, companion, equipment rental among others.
“Initially, we will be providing nursing care, companion services and equipment rental. But gradually our scope will expand,” informed Patel.
Explaining potential of home healthcare business in India, Sameer Mehta, director, IHHC said, “Home healthcare would cost about 10 per cent of a day of hospitalisation with a standard bed. Hence, it has big potential in India.”
“Home healthcare also reduces the risk of cross infection, which is quite high in a hospital. Post-op patients and those requiring ventilator supports can use this option,” he added.
According to Mehta, home healthcare would be more useful for elderly, requiring rehabilitation or post-surgery care and kids with special needs.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Rupee declines to 60.95 on weak global growth prospectsRupee declines to 60.95 on weak global growth prospects
Our Bureau
Tweet
September 23, 2014:  
The rupee declined the most among emerging market currencies on Tuesday to end at 60.95 against the dollar as global manufacturing surveys hurt the domestic capital flows.
The weak surveys raised growth concerns and shares on BSE-benchmark Sensex slumped over 430 points (down 1.6 per cent) to close at 26,775.
In addition, month-end dollar demand from importers also hurt the rupee sentiments.
The local unit opened 10 paise weaker at 60.92 as against Monday’s close of 60.82. The unit gained to 60.86 on mild capital inflows after which the global surveys led to heavy outflows dragging the rupee to 61 per dollar.
The rupee is likely to trade with a downward bias ahead of the RBI monetary policy next week amid strengthening dollar, experts say.
Call Rates, G-sec yields up
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short-term funds from one another, ended at 7.60 per cent from a close of 7.20 per cent on Monday.
The price on the 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, fell to Rs 99.53 from Monday’s close of Rs 99.74. The yield on the bond hardened to 8.46 per cent after touching an 11-month high of 8.43 per cent.
Bond prices and yields move in the opposite directions.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Mobile apps to track job vacancies at InfoparkMobile apps to track job vacancies at Infopark
PTI
Tweet
Kochi, Sept 23:  
A mobile application to provide up to date information on job vacancies at over 130 companies operating at Infopark here has been launched.
Available on both Android and iOS platforms, the Infopark App developed by Cabot Technology Solutions Private Ltd provides comprehensive information on the companies, job vacancies and the facilities available at the park.
“The app is a trendsetter because it will help job seekers find the right employer and vice versa easily. We have decided to embrace such digital tools for the benefit of all”, said Infopark Chief Executive Officer Hrishikesh Nair.
The biggest advantage of this application is that it gets updated every week, helping the prospective candidates to stay informed’, according to Venkatesh Thyagarajan, Chief Executive Officer of the Infopark—based Cabot Technology Solutions. ‘The app gives complete information, including a company’s business verticals, top management, job vacancies and HR contact details’, he added.
Apart from job listings, the application provides information on eateries, hospitals, banks, ATMs, police station, petrol pumps, gyms, and conveyance facilities available in and around Infopark. The app also provides location maps for the buildings inside the campus.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Q&A: Tate & Lyles sticky patch© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a9a0502-430e-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Army rescue flood victims in Guwahati; thousands reel under floods inGoalparaPrint
An Indian army soldier pulls a boat as flood affected villagers wait to be rescued at the Chaygaon village in Kamrup district of northeastern Assam state, India, Tuesday. Source: AP photo
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 23, 2014 7:50 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 7:51 pm
The flood situation in Assam remained unchanged for the third consecutive day today with the army continuing to be deployed for rescue and relief operations in addition to squads from the NDRF and SDRF.
While thousands of people continued to reel under floods in Goalpara district, the authorities have opened 78 relief camps to shift the affected people there In Guwahati, where flash floods and water-logging had inundated more than half the capital city yesterday, an army column headed by a Brigadier was called today to particularly handle the worst-affected Anilnagar area.
The death toll in floods and rain-triggered landslides in Guwahati rose to five today.
“Though the situation in Guwahati has improved, several areas are still under water. The condition in Anilnagar locality is still bad, compelling us to request the Army to deploy a column. A number of residents have been shifted to relief camps,” said Kamrup (Metro) deputy commissioner M Angamuthu.
While the rainfall has been exceptionally high in Guwahati in the past two days, official sources quoting met department data said the city recorded 135 mm of rainfall on Monday. On June 25 when eight persons had died due to drowing, electrocution and landslides, the city had recorded only 60 mm of rainfall.
“On one hand Guwahati got heavy rains. On the other hand there has been very heavy run-off of water from the adjoining hills of Meghalaya,” deputy commissioner Angamuthu said. With people encroaching upon the city’s hills, incidents of landslides have also increased. Three persons died in landslides yesterday. Army PRO Lt Col Suneet Newton said the army column headed by a Brigadier, two Other officers, 10 JCOs and 75 jawans have already shifted a number of families from the city locality.
In Goalpara district where flash floods coming down from the hills of adjoining Meghalaya washed away hundreds of houses at Bolbola, Molandubi, Karmakarpara, Karipara, Udaypur, Krishnai, Dudhnoi, Rangjuli, Majgaon and other places yesterday, the authorities were still struggling to assess the total damage. About 100 persons, most of them encroachers on government land, were killed in a major flash flood at Bolbola in 2004.
While only three deaths have been officially confirmed, there were several missing reports. Teams of NDRF, SDRF, BSF and the Army have been deployed in rescue operations.
The flash floods have also caused extensive damage to the National Highway continued…

Bureaucrat can t be victimized for crtiticis...A K Sikri
(The bench said that the Constitution…)
NEW DELHI: A bureaucrat cannot be victimized for criticising government before a judicial forum, as it does not amount to service misconduct, the Supreme Court has said while slapping a fine of Rs. 5 lakh on Centre and UP government for harassing an IAS officer who approached it on the black money issue.
"The right to judicial remedies for the redressal of either personal or public grievances is a constitutional right of the subjects (both citizens and non-citizens) of this country. Employees of the state cannot become members of a different and inferior class to whom such right is not available," the bench headed by justice J Chelameswar said.
The bench, also comprising Justice A K Sikri said it is "astounding" that Centre and the state government consider that a complaint to the apex court of executive malfeasance causing debilitating economic and security concerns for the country amounts to inappropriate conduct for a civil servant.
"We are at a loss to comprehend how the filing of the writ petition containing allegations that the Government of India is lax in discharging its constitutional obligations of establishing the rule of law can be said to amount to either failure to maintain absolute integrity and devotion to duty or of indulging in conduct unbecoming of a member of the service," the bench said.
The bench said that the Constitution declares India as a sovereign democratic Republic and "The requirement of such democratic republic is that every action of the State is to be informed with reason. State is not a hierarchy of regressively genuflecting coterie of bureaucracy."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Supreme Court cracks down on police  encounter  killingsComments
Police encounter killings affect the credibility of the rule of law and the administration of the criminal justice system, the Supreme Court said on Tuesday.
The SC said that every death at police hands must be independently investigated and no officer should be rewarded till their gallantry is established beyond doubt.
Ordering a mandatory magisterial inquiry into encounter cases, a bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha insisted the time had come to “bring to justice the perpetrators of the crime who took law in their own hands.”
This was necessary to “restore faith of the people in police force.”
The landmark verdict lays down elaborate guidelines to be followed in investigating all cases of death and grievous injury in police encounters cases, which continue to occur in spite of constitutional provisions safeguarding the personal liberty and life of citizens.
The state CID or police team of another police station shall now conduct an independent investigation into the encounter. “It is imperative the extra-judicial killings are properly and independently investigated to that justice may be done,” the bench said.
Whenever the police receives intelligence tip-off regarding criminal movements, it shall be reduced to writing, the bench said. It could either be in a case diary or in some electronic form. Details of the suspect or the location to which the party is headed may not be noted.
A report on the killing must be sent to the judicial magistrate, SC said disposing a PIL by NGO People’s Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) asking framing of guidelines in encounter cases.
It alleged 99 encounters took place in Mumbai resulting in death of about 135 persons between 1995 and 1997.

Infibeam to offer .ooo for .com-savvy netizensTargets 1-2 million domains under .ooo 
Ahmedabad, Sept 23,
Netizens will soon get an alternate to ‘.com’ after the rollout of ‘.ooo’ (Dot-Tripple O) by Ahmedabad-based IT firm Infibeam.com. The e-commerce player today announced that the company has been granted licence by Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) for launch of ‘.ooo’ domain.
The new Generic Top Level Domain (GTLD) ‘.ooo’ is aimed at providing alternate domain registration solutions to those who have failed to locate their brand name or business names on .com domain. Also, ‘.ooo’ is seen as a mobile-friendly domain as it reduces usage of multiple keys on phones.
“This domain will be used by small enterprises as well as large corporate. We expect many to migrate from .com to .ooo as there is higher possibility of name availability here,” said Vishal Mehta, Founder, Infibeam.com.
The company is targeting 35,000-40,000 trademark registered companies along with several SMEs. “The new GTLD is the first of a kind initiative by any e-commerce company. Over the next 6-12 months we expect to get about 1-2 million domain registrations under .ooo,” Mehta told BusinessLine.
The domain will be made available for corporation and general public worldwide through credible and experienced global channel partners with whom it has signed Registry Registrar Agreement (RRA's).
The sunrise phase opened September 22, 2014 (12 UTC-5.30 am IST) for trademark holders to safeguard relevant registrations. They are given time till October 23, when it will open for general availability.
Adding further, Mehta informed that India expected to be one of the largest domain name markets by 2017. There are a number of tremendous market opportunities for various stakeholders to get in early and leverage new domain names.
Introducing domains under a new extension is a multi-step process that's designed to include protections for trademark holders and give average users a fair shake at getting the digital identity they want.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

India wont join Japans anti-China coalition: ChinesedailyPress Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: September 23, 2014 7:52 pm
India will not join Japan’s efforts to build a strategic counterweight against China along with the US as it follows an independent foreign policy, state media said here on Tuesday, ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s maiden visit to the US.
Some commentators in Japan suggested that the leaders of Japan and India were aiming to build a strategic counterweight to China while referring to Modi’s recent visit to Japan.
The suggestions are groundless, an article in the online edition of the ‘People’s Daily’, the mouthpiece of the ruling Communist Party, said.
“India, the ‘giant elephant’ of South Asia, operates an independent foreign policy. No major powers including Japan and the US will succeed in imposing their will on India. India’s prudent foreign policy is decided by India’s practical interests,” it said.
China’s President Xi Jinping was the first leader of any major power to visit India after the establishment of the new Indian government, it said referring to Xi’s just concluded visit to New Delhi.
“Indian leaders often point out that you can choose your friends but you cannot choose your neighbours. It is of indispensable strategic value for India to cooperate with China on a friendly basis. How India manages its other relationships is another story,” it said.
To be good neighbours with China has significant geopolitical implications, and is of all-round benefit to both India and China, the article said.
It can be clearly asserted that the stronger the  Sino-India relationship is, the better India will be able to manage its relationships with the US and Japan, it said.
China is widely considered to be the biggest rival to the US and Japan. It is currently locked a in a bitter territorial row with Japan over Diaoyu islands in the East China Sea.
Both the US and Japan are inclined to look for allies to  help them counter China. They will try to discourage India from any rapprochement with China if the two countries seem to be getting too close, the article said.
“China is seeking long-term benefits from its relationship with India. The Sino-India relationship is of independent strategic value and it has nothing to do with relationships with America and Japan. The Sino-India bond has been improving for many years, better than many other foreign relationships. Rationality and perspective play dominant roles in Sino-India relationships,” it said.
The governments of China and India take a practical and positive approach when it comes to territorial disputes between the two countries, in order not to damage their bilateral relationship, it said.
“This is a most reasonable approach in dealing with territorial disputes in Asia. It also provides the two countries with a new angle to manage this kind of dispute. Itis necessary to understand that China and India are complementary to each other,” the article said.

Morning links: Pentagon giving military gear to police departments under sanction for abuseBy Radley Balko September 23 Follow @radleybalko
The Pentagon’s surplus military gear giveaways include even police agencies under federal sanction for patterns of excessive force and civil rights violations.
St. Louis police will get post-Ferguson media training on how to win the media after a questionable police shooting . I’m no PR specialist, but perhaps a better use of this money would have been to invest in better training so there are fewer questionable police shootings to spin.
Indianapolis police chief says law enforcement officers are “soldiers in an army” preparing to “go into battle.”
Police agencies are alarmed by the new encryption being built into smart phones. That seems like a good sign that the tech companies are getting it right.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Targeting the ConstitutionBy Nicholas Quinn Rosenkranz September 23 Follow @profnqr
U.S. Constitution (Courtesy U.S. Archives)
It is now well known that the IRS targeted tea party organizations. What is less well known, but perhaps even more scandalous, is that the IRS also targeted those who would educate their fellow citizens about the United States Constitution.
According to the inspector general’s report (pp. 30 & 38) , this particular IRS targeting commenced on Jan. 25, 2012 — the beginning of the election year for President Obama’s second campaign. On that date: “the BOLO [‘be on the lookout’] criteria were again updated.” The revised criteria included “political action type organizations involved in … educating on the Constitution and Bill of Rights.”
Grass-roots organizations around the country, such as the Linchpins of Liberty (Tennessee), the Spirit of Freedom Institute (Wyoming), and the Constitutional Organization of Liberty (Pennsylvania), allege that they were singled out for special scrutiny at least in part for their work in constitutional education. There may have been many more.
The tea party is viewed with general suspicion in some quarters, and it is not difficult, alas, to imagine the mindset of the officials who decided to target tea party organizations for special scrutiny. But federal officers swear an oath to “support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.” It is chilling to think that these same officials who are suspicious of the tea party are equally suspicious of the Constitution itself.
What is most corrosive about this IRS tripwire is that it is triggered by a particular point of view; it is not, as First Amendment scholars say, viewpoint-neutral. It does not include obfuscating or denigrating the Constitution; only those “involved in … educating on the Constitution” are captured by this criterion. This viewpoint targeting potentially skews every national debate about politics or government. And the skew is not strictly liberal; indeed, it should trouble liberals as much as conservatives. The ultimate checks on executive power are to be found in the United States Constitution. Insidiously, then, suppressing those “involved in … educating on the Constitution” actually skews national debate in favor of unchecked executive power.
For example, this IRS tripwire would not be triggered by arguing that the NSA should collect the phone records of every American citizen. But it would be triggered by teaching that the Fourth Amendment forbids “unreasonable searches and seizures.” This tripwire would not be triggered by arguing that the president should unilaterally suspend politically inconvenient provisions of federal law, like ObamaCare. But it would be triggered by teaching that, under Article II, section 3, the president “shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed.” This tripwire would not be triggered by arguing that the president should appoint NLRB members unilaterally. But it would be triggered by teaching that, under Article II, section 2, such appointments require “the Advice and Consent of the Senate.” This tripwire would not be triggered by arguing that the president should target and kill U.S. citizens abroad. But it would be triggered by teaching that, per the Fifth Amendment, no person shall “be deprived of life … without due process of law.” This tripwire would not be triggered by arguing that the president should declare war unilaterally. But it would be triggered by teaching that, under Article I, section 8, “Congress shall have Power … To declare War.” In short, the IRS was “on the lookout,” not for those who preach unlimited executive power, but for those who would teach about constitutional constraints.
Even more to the point, perhaps, this IRS tripwire would not be triggered by arguing that the IRS should discriminate against the tea party. But it would be triggered by teaching that such discrimination constitutes unfaithful execution of the tax laws. And thus, alas, there is a perverse logic to targeting constitutional educators alongside tea party organizations. Political discrimination in the administration of the tax laws is not merely “outrageous,” as Obama has said; it is an assault on our constitutional structure itself. For an official who has chosen to go down this road and target the tea party, there is an Orwellian logic to targeting constitutional educators as well. After all, they are the ones who might shed light on this very point.
This is a new low for American government — targeting those who would teach others about its founding document. Forty years ago, President Richard Nixon went to great lengths to try to conceal the facts of his constitutional violations, but it never occurred to him to conceal the meaning of the Constitution itself, by targeting its teachers. Politicians have always been tempted to try to censor their political adversaries; but none has been so bold as to try to suppress constitutional education directly. Presidents have always sought to push against the constitutional limits of their power; but never have they targeted those who merely teach about such limits. In short, never before has the federal government singled out for special scrutiny those who would teach their fellow citizens about our magnificent Constitution. This is the new innovation of Obama’s IRS.
“We the People” do not yet know who first decided to target “political action type organizations involved in … educating on the Constitution and Bill of Rights.” But there is at least one person who does know. Ironically, though, Lois Lerner, former director of the Exempt Organizations Division of the IRS, is making full use of her own constitutional education: “I have been advised by my counsel to assert my constitutional right not to testify …. One of the basic functions of the Fifth Amendment is to protect innocent individuals, and that is the protection I’m invoking today.”
Five years ago, Obama, our constitutional law professor-in-chief, presented his first, ringing Constitution Day proclamation: “To succeed, the democracy established in our Constitution requires the active participation of its citizenry. Each of us has a responsibility to learn about our Constitution and teach younger generations about its contents and history.” Quite so. Perhaps this year, Obama could explain why his IRS would target those who answered this call.

All the charts tell the same story  Chinas economy looks weakIt's getting harder to find bright spots in the Chinese economy. (Reuters)
SHARE
Matt Phillips @MatthewPhillips
September 23, 2014
As skeptical as analysts are about the quality of Chinese economic data, the numbers all seem to be telling the same story lately. China looks pretty darn weak.
Now it’s true that this morning’s “flash manufacturing” purchasing managers’ index stayed at least above 50 , the level that indicates growth or contraction. (Observers were expecting far worse.) But a parade of other data points have painted a pretty clear picture of economic weakness in the People’s Republic. Note that some have gaps for periods in which data wasn’t reported.
GDP has been stagnant

Modi to hold talks with over 15 top US corporate honchosModi to hold talks with over 15 top US corporate honchos
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sep 23:  
In a power—packed business meeting schedule in the US, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will hold talks with over 15 top American corporate honchos, including top executives of Google, Boeing and General Electric, as India looks to attract more overseas investments.
Modi, who will be on a five—day visit to the US from September 26, would be meeting as many as 11 top corporate honchos over breakfast on September 29 apart from one—on—one meetings with six more business captains same day in New York.
They include Google Executive Chairman Eric E Schmidt, Carlyle Group, Co—Founder and Co—CEO David M Rubenstein, Cargill President and CEO David W MacLennan, Merck & Co CEO Kenneth C Frazier Hospira Chairman John C Staley Citigroup CEO Michael L Corbat, Caterpillar Chairman and CEO Dough Oberhelman, MasterCard President and CEO Ajay Banga, Pepsico Chairman and CEO Indra Nooyi.
Nooyi and Banga are India—origin executives.
On the same day, the Prime Minister would also be having one—on—one meeting with six other senior executives. Besides Goldman Sachs Chairman and CEO Lloyd C Blankfein, Modi would be meeting Boeing Chairman and CEO W James McNerney Jr, BlackRock Chairman and CEO Laurence D Fink, IBM Chairman and CEO Ginni Rometty, General Electric Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt, among others.
Modi will also be participating in a business meet, to be organised by the USIBC, expected to be attended by 300—400 businessmen in Washington on September 30.
The Prime Minister would be having these meetings days after launching his government’s ambitious ‘Make In India’ campaign on September 25.
Besides, a host of issues related to ‘totalisation’ and intellectual property rights are expected to figure in the Prime Minister’s talks with the officials as well as industry leaders, according to External Affairs Ministry.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Former Nokia India MD P Balaji to join Vodafone India as external affairs directorFormer Nokia India MD P Balaji to join Vodafone India as external affairs director
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 23, 2014 08:21 PM IST
Former Nokia India managing director P Balaji will be joining Vodafone India, the country’s second largest cellular operator, as its regulatory and external affairs director next month.
“Our new Director - Regulatory and External Affairs will be P Balaji. He joins us from Nokia India, where he was the Managing Director till recently,” said a spokesperson at Vodafone India.
Vodafone India’s current Resident Director (Regulatory Affairs and Government Relations) TV Ramachandran, and Rohit Adya, Director – External Affairs, are set to retire over the next few months, the company said in a statement.
“We are using this opportunity to fine-tune our organization structure by merging the Regulatory and External Affairs functions for there are strong areas of synergy between them. Both Ramachandran and Adya have made tremendous contribution in their respective roles and built capable and professional teams, well equipped to take the organizational agenda forward,” said the Vodafone India spokesperson.
Meanwhile, Adya will continue to serve the company in the capacity of chairman of the Vodafone Foundation and will be involved in setting up the CSR activities of Vodafone in India and will drive the governance around this important domain, according to a company statement.
Balaji, who quit Nokia India in August this year, had joined Nokia India in October 2012 as managing director. He was instrumental in driving the growth behind Lumia, building the X family of phones and strengthening Nokia's retail execution in the country.
Balaji, a B.Tech in electronics and communication from the University of Roorkee (now IIT-Roorkee), had started his career with Tata Steel, Jamshedpur as a graduate trainee. He has also worked in AT&T Switching Systems, a joint venture between AT&T and Tata Group, and with Tata Lucent Technologies, according to media reports. He also has an MBA from Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.
Balaji had also worked with Ericsson India looking after its corporate affairs and communication, and had then joined Sony Ericsson India as the managing director prior to his stint at Nokia India.

BoE wants US consultation on bank finesBank of England deputy wants US consultation over bank fines
By Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d92da98-431f-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gunman  Two Others Dead in Shooting at Birmingham UPS Facilitygunman  two others dead in shooting at birmingham ups facility
Police said the gunman is among the deceased and apparently shot himself.police said the gunman is among the deceased and apparently shot himself.
Indian missions in China to showcase  Make In India  pitchIndian missions in China to showcase  Make In India  pitch
ED makes first arrest in laundering probe in VVIP chopper dealED makes first arrest in laundering probe in VVIP chopper deal
Outcome of board meeting of Manappuram FinanceOutcome of board meeting of Manappuram Finance
India start boxing campaign tomorrowIndia start boxing campaign tomorrow
PM Modi announces minimum pension of Rs 1000 for former Central Government employeesPM Modi announces minimum pension of Rs 1000 for former Central Government employees
SKS Microfinance allots equity sharesSKS Microfinance allots equity shares
Exim Bank gets Rs 650-crore capital infusion from governmentExim Bank gets Rs 650-crore capital infusion from government
US-led strikes kill 50 Al-Qaeda fighters in Syria: Syrian Observatory for Human RightsUS-led strikes kill 50 Al-Qaeda fighters in Syria: Syrian Observatory for Human Rights
AP govt urged to set up second LNG terminal at KakinadaAP govt urged to set up second LNG terminal at Kakinada
Ch RS Sarma
Tweet
Kakinada, September 23:  
There is immense potential for the establishment of a second LNG terminal (offshore) at Kakinada as the demand-supply gap is bound to increase in the future and there is no need for any misgiving on the viability of the project, according to MVSR Kamesam, the Director of the Krishna-Godavari LNG Terminal Private Limited.
The KG LNG Pvt Limited is a special purpose vehicle floated by a consortium of companies – VGS group of the US and Exmar of Belgium – to set up an offshore LNG terminal with a capacity of 3.6 MMTPA in the first phase and a similar capacity in the second at the Kakinada deep water port.
It may be noted that the AP Government has already cleared an LNG terminal at Kakinada with a capacity of 5 MMTPA with Shell as one of the partners.
Meeting demand
“It is estimated by experts that Andhra Pradesh would require not less than 30 MMTPA of LNG in the coming years and to meet the demand at least five LNG terminals would be required – one at Gangavaram, two at Kakinada, one at Krishnapatnam and the last at the proposed GMR port.At present, work is in progress on the Gangavaram terminal with a capacity of 5 MMTPA and the AP Government has cleared a 5 MMTPA LNG terminal at Kakinada,” he said.
The combined capacity of the two LNG terminals at Kakinada would only be 8.6 MMTPA and therefore there should not be any problems on the viability of the project, he said.
Project reports
He said the company had prepared a detailed project report (DPR) and the environment impact assessment (EIA) report and submitted them to the AP Government, urging the latter to direct the East Godavari district collector to make arrangements for conducting a public hearing.
“In fact, we submitted the documents before the elections, but as the poll code came into effect, the process was delayed.
“We now urge the new AP Government to expedite the process and pave the way for the establishment of the terminal. We want to become partners in the building up of new Andhra Pradesh,” he added.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Can India make a driverless carCan India make a driverless car?
V V Ravi Kumar / Parth M Doshi
Smart solution: Traffic snarls and fuel consumption could be reduced with driverless cars . - M VEDHAN
They can make our roads faster and safer with optimum fuel efficiency
Tata Motors developed the world’s cheapest car, the Nano, in 2010. It made headlines but also threw up a vital question along the way. Is India capable of just making low-priced cars? Can it actually dream big and develop a sophisticated driverless car?
The idea of a driverless car is not so new with the likes of Mercedes, Nissan, Audi and Volvo working on this for long. Technology majors like Google and Intel have also evinced interest in taking this idea forward.
India, in its turn, has premier engineering institutes with the IITs and NITs leading the way. It also has support from corporate houses like Mahindra & Mahindra whose ‘Spark the Rise’ competition offers $700,000 to develop a driverless car.
Different needs
India’s needs could differ from the West which makes it important for companies here to develop their own driverless system and a disruptive innovation in the process. Ancillary makers can support this endeavour too. India has the right ecosystem to develop driverless cars. Will someone bite the bullet though?
Multiple benefits
There are a host of safety benefits in this technology. Driverless cars do not lose focus or get drowsy; they react in milliseconds, which means that city cars will be efficient and roads, fast and safe. An MIT study in 2013 estimated that self-driving cars and trucks could eliminate a large number of accidents and traffic snarls.
At least 13 people die every hour in road accidents in our country where over speeding accounts for more than 50 per cent of cases.
The Planning Commission report by BK Chaturvedi estimates road accidents to cost roughly $20 billion annually. This is despite the fact that India has only one per cent of the world’s vehicles.
Self-drive technology may be a boon in this backdrop. With driverless technology, people can stop looking for a parking spot in busy streets and alight wherever they want. The car can find a dedicated parking spot all by itself and pick the passenger up from the exact point it dropped him/her. Cars can plan and take more efficient routes with less idling time in traffic. This will cut back on fuel consumption.
Future plans
As a result, planners in India can get cars to merge in cooperative patterns and, hopefully, put an end to snarls. Traffic intersections can be reworked with the hope that every car on the road will comply with the rules. Traffic lights could also become scarce thanks to hidden sensors in cars and streets. Cities of the future could have narrower streets and cleaner air, with no need for parking spots.
A child old enough to ride a bicycle could be the right candidate to take a driverless car trip. The elderly and handicapped can also use it to go places. In terms of traffic policing, so long as a car is controlled by a driver, it needs to be operated manually.
The more it is run by a computer, the easier it becomes to password-protect the car’s security system. This makes it a lot harder to steal unoccupied cars.
Buying, insuring and maintaining a car is expensive for the Indian consumer. Driverless cars of the future would be the best source of sharing schemes, smart taxi firms and affordable leasing options.
The design of roads and traffic are built around human needs which means lots of road signs, lane markers and street lights. All this only increases government spending. Speed limits can be safely raised when cars are driven with machine predictability.
VV Ravi Kumar is a Faculty in Marketing and Parth M Doshi is an MBA student at Symbiosis Institute of Business Management Pune. The views here are personal.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

AMP 2026: Get the ecosystem in place firstPTI Get set go: India is projected to produce nearly six million cars by 2019 but still needs to work on supporting infrastructure like roads, bridges and flyovers. - PTI
As India seeks a greater role in the auto space, some basic challenges need to be met
 Never mind that there are still two more years to go for the Automotive Mission Plan (AMP) 2006-16. The recent SIAM annual convention in New Delhi threw up a surprise with AMP 2026 described as ‘the collective vision of the Government and automotive industry’.
Some participants at the convention wondered why there was such a rush to get this new vision statement in place. Given that some important targets like the projected turnover of $145 billion will be missed, was there really a compelling reason to announce AMP 2026?
On the brighter side, this vision statement perhaps reflects India’s intent to be recognised as an automotive powerhouse, next only to China, during the course of this decade and the next.
Leader in waiting
The country is projected to produce nearly six million cars by 2019 which will make it the third largest after China and the US. China is already rolling out over 15 million cars from its factories and this number is expected to double by 2025.
The coming years will see a greater global role for India in the auto space (both in exports of vehicles and spares) thanks to its inherent strengths in costs and quality. Yet, there are constant challenges to cope with like road deaths, poor roads and growing traffic. A global auto power just cannot afford to turn a blind eye to these issues.
In addition, as demand for vehicles grows, it only puts an additional strain on the country’s fuel requirements. The import bill last fiscal was a whopping $150 billion.
Though things look better this year with crude prices cooling off to levels under $100/barrel, there is no telling what could happen in the near future. After all, it was barely six years ago when crude spiralled to $148/bbl and had the oil sector shell-shocked.
The Government has already deregulated petrol prices and it seems only a matter of time before diesel follows suit. For long, the auto sector has complained that there is no fuel pricing policy in place and this will help them plan better in the years ahead.
Companies could be hard-pressed otherwise to cope with unusual demand spurts which arise from artificial pricing. This was especially evident in 2011-12 when almost everyone queued up for diesel cars thanks to the fact that it was considerably cheaper than petrol.
New alternatives
It looks as if fossil fuels will continue to dominate the Indian landscape in the years to come unless the Government plays a proactive role in promoting alternative options. If electric cars have to become popular, there needs to be a roadmap in place which includes fiscal incentives and creation of infrastructure like charging points. Till these are in place, electric mobility will remain a pipedream.
These are issues which serve as a grim reminder of the obstacles ahead in AMP 2026. If some associates in the industry are cynical about the vision statement, they cannot be blamed. After all, constant policy changes have hardly helped their cause in an intensely competitive market.
Some of these relate to ad-hoc excise duty changes as in the case of SUVs which were slapped with higher levies during the fuel price crisis. The Government’s intent to make India a hub for small cars lead to generous excise duty sops which put other manufacturers at a disadvantage. Overnight, they found the market shifting towards compact cars and struggled to push sales of their more expensive mid-size offerings.
The transition to the new emission norms in 2010 which involved cleaner BS-4 fuel in metros had its share of problems both for the auto and oil sectors. While carmakers had to ensure a different product mix for different parts of the country, the oil industry had to pull out all stops to ensure fuel supplies. This was happening at a time when the public sector companies were in the midst of a liquidity crunch arising from the crude price crisis.
Action plan
Going forward, AMP 2026 just cannot afford to repeat these mistakes. Times have changed dramatically since the time the first AMP was drafted and all talk focused on the country’s role as a small car hub. Today, it is the world’s largest producer of two-wheelers with production expected to reach 20 million units over the next four years. It is also moving rapidly towards the top slot in buses which will necessitate formulation of appropriate policies. New mobility solutions like the ‘quadricycle’ will also have to be reckoned with especially when it comes to addressing safety concerns. As the pressure on public transport grows across India, there will be an insatiable demand for cars and two-wheelers. This will need to be accompanied by supporting infrastructure like roads, bridges and flyovers.
The auto industry just cannot grow in isolation. It needs to survive in a healthy ecosystem which includes effective public transport, good roads, clean fuels, adherence to traffic rules etc. Till that happens, AMP 2026 will only remain a vision document on paper which would be unbecoming for a global power like India.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Chinacalls  no news on auto frontChina calls, no news on auto front
Murali Gopalan
Tweet
After SAIC’s plans were shelved, automakers remain silent
China’s President, Xi Jinping, is visiting India and deals worth $3.4 billion have already been signed. So far, there has been no indication of any substantial investment in the automotive space.
The elusive big-ticket entrant is Beiqi Foton Motor which was scheduled to commission a facility for commercial vehicles at Chakan . There has been no news on that front for nearly three years now. Likewise, there was talk within industry circles of Great Wall Motors planning to make SUVs in India.
Much awaited
China’s presence here, otherwise, has largely been confined to the spare parts space where Indian vehicle makers source them as a cost-effective option. While Foton’s entry is still awaited, it was not too long ago when one of the biggest Chinese automakers had drawn up an aggressive plan for India.
This was during the crisis of 2009 when Detroit’s automakers, with the exception of Ford, went bankrupt and a crisis loomed large. Thousands of miles away, the top management at General Motors’ India operations realised a lifeline was necessary if it had to get back on track. The company turned to its trusted ally of many years, SAIC Motor Corporation, for support and a new chapter kicked off in 2010.
According to this plan, SAIC would pick up 50 per cent in GM India and bring a bouquet of products here. This was the ideal route to creating a presence in India, the fastest growing automobile market after China. The GM-SAIC duo had already climbed to the top layer in China where Volkswagen (with its share of local partners including SAIC) was the leader and its fiercest competitor.
Essential partner
From the Chinese automaker’s point of view, India would be the launch pad for its overseas foray which would gradually grow to include Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia. Senior officials had told Business Line during a visit to China that it was important to get the India business model in place in the first five years before contemplating an entry into other parts of Asia.
SAIC also believed that Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai Motor India were important benchmarks for the India partnership with GM since both companies had “competitive price points”. This was an important aspect especially for light commercial vehicles where there were strong local rivals.
Grand plans
The GM-SAIC plan was to have kicked off with the Wuling series of light pickups and multipurpose vehicles produced in China. These were already being shipped out to markets in Latin America under the Chevrolet badge.
From GM’s point of view, the partnership with SAIC was the best bet . “GM-SAIC is a strong partnership largely because of the capabilities both partners bring to the table. We are tightly aligned with our SAIC colleagues and when you look at the variety of products they can assist us with, we think those are vehicles which will do very well in the Indian market too,” former President & MD of GM India, Lowell Paddock, had said in early 2012.
The duo planned to bring a host of ‘value-focused' products into India and strongly believed the China success story could be replicated here.
“If you look at our growth in China, it has not happened by accident. It is because of capability, quality and the ability to move fast. The race is eventually going to go to those who can move the quickest and most efficiently,” Paddock had said.
By the end of the year, though, GM bought out 43 per cent of SAIC’s stake in the alliance which left the latter with just a minuscule seven per cent. The Chinese automaker had clearly changed its mind about India even though its alliance with GM continues to be strong back home.
What really triggered this volte-face especially when SAIC was so gung-ho just a couple of years earlier? For the moment, there is little indication that it will reconsider India which leaves only Foton as the sole Chinese contender in this part of the world.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Scientists Discover Dinosaur With Massive Schnozreddit
Scientists are calling it the Jimmy Durante of Dinosaurs.
Not because of its talents as a jazz pianist, but because -- like Durante -- the newly-identified dinosaur Rhinorex condrupus had quite a large nose.
Story continues below.
The newly-discovered dino, "Rhinorex condrupus," above.
Paleontologists Dr. Terry Gates , a postdoctoral researcher with NC State and the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences, and Dr. Rodney Scheetz , a researcher at the Brigham Young University's Museum of Paleontology, uncovered the duck-billed dino, a hadrosaur , in storage at BYU.
Though the dinosaur was originally excavated from Utah’s Neslen formation in the 1990s, Gates and Scheetz were the first to reconstruct the skull fully, at which point they realized they'd found a new species.
" We had almost the entire skull, which was wonderful ,” Gates said in a written statement, “but the preparation was very difficult. It took two years to dig the fossil out of the sandstone it was embedded in –- it was like digging a dinosaur skull out of a concrete driveway."
The researchers estimate Rhinorex (which roughly means "King Nose") was around 30 feet long, weighed more than 8,500 pounds, ate plants, and lived in a swampy coastal environment.
As for that nose -- well, its actual function remains a bit of a mystery.
"If this dinosaur is anything like its relatives then it likely did not have a super sense of smell," Gates said in the statement, "but maybe the nose was used as a means of attracting mates, recognizing members of its species, or even as a large attachment for a plant-smashing beak. We are already sniffing out answers to these questions."
An article describing the new research was published in the Sept. 17th issue of the Journal of Systematic Paleontology .
Also on HuffPost:

Yet Another Huge GM RecallGM Recalls 221,558 Sedans For Fire Risk
Posted:
Updated:
11/20/2014  5:59 am EST
reddit
DETROIT (AP) — General Motors is recalling 221,558 Cadillac XTS and Chevrolet Impala sedans because the brake pads can stay partially engaged even when they're not needed, increasing the risk of a fire.
The recall involves Cadillacs from the 2013-2015 model years and Impalas from the 2014 and 2015 model years. There are 205,309 vehicles affected in the U.S.; the rest of the vehicles are in Canada and elsewhere.
GM says the electronic parking brake arm that applies pressure to the back of the brake pads may not fully retract after use. If the brake pads stay partially engaged with the rotor, excessive brake heat may result in a fire.
GM says it knows of no accidents or injuries related to the defect.
GM will notify owners and repair the vehicles for free.
More:

Navratri fever grips MumbaiTweet
People from various age groups practice garba ahead of Navratri festival at Malad, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People from various age groups practice garba ahead of Navratri festival at Malad, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People from various age groups practice garba ahead of Navratri festival at Malad, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
Pandals are being erected for garba and dandiya ahead of Navratri festival at Borivali, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramaniam/HT photo)
A woman buys on ornaments ahead of Navratri festival at Borivali, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
A woman tries on ornaments ahead of Navratri festival at Borivali, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
A girl tries on ornaments ahead of Navratri festival at Borivali, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
A girl tries on a traditional ghaghra-choli ahead of Navratri at Borivali, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People buy traditional ghaghra-cholis and ornaments ahead of Navratri at Borivali, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
People buy traditional ghaghra-cholis and ornaments ahead of Navratri at Borivali, in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
Advertisement

Gold-silver ratio signals further bearishnessGold-silver ratio signals further bearishness
Gurumurthy K
Reuters
BL Research Bureau:  
Silver price witnessed one of its worst single day fall on Friday. The price of the commodity is witnessing a free fall since then. The global spot silver price, currently trading near four-year low $17.78/ounce, tumbled 3.8 per cent on Friday alone. For the week, it was down 4.3 per cent for the entire week.
 Similarly, gold ($1,216/oz) price is also under pressure. The yellow metal was down 1.1 per cent last week. Increasing concern about an impending interest rate hike in US appears to be pulling investors out of gold and silver. The sharp fall in both the commodities has taken the gold-silver ratio higher by 3.3 per cent last week. 
 What is this gold-silver ratio? It is the ratio obtained by dividing the price of gold per ounce by the price of silver per ounce. The resultant value gives the amount of silver required to get one ounce of gold. That is, if the gold-silver ratio is 50, it means that 50 ounce of silver is required to get one ounce of gold. This ratio is currently poised near 68.7. It is also a good indicator to gauge the direction of the gold and silver price.
Interpreting the ratio
In general, the ratio always moves in the direction opposite to gold and silver prices. That is, when the price of gold and silver falls, the ratio goes up and vice-versa.  Also, though gold and silver always move in the same direction, at times of a price fall, silver tends to decline at a faster rate compared to gold. This results in a surge in the ratio whenever silver prices fall since silver occupies the denominator spot in the ratio. Last Friday’s fall is a clear example of this when silver tumbled 3.8 per cent while the gold price was down just 0.8 per cent on the same day; the ratio shot up a whopping 13 per cent on Friday.  
On the charts
 The sharp rise in the gold-silver ratio last week has turned the picture bullish for the ratio on the charts. Immediate support for the ratio is at 68.26 and the key short-term support is at 67.15. Friday’s sharp rise has left less probability for the ratio to fall below 68 immediately. As such while the ratio remains above 68, a rally to 70 and 72 looks likely in the coming days.
 Now what does this mean for the gold and silver price?  Looking back at the history, in most occasions, the ratio has always shot up sharply due to a fall in the gold and silver price. Since the outlook is bullish for the ratio to target 70 and 72, there is a strong probability for the gold and silver prices to extend their fall in the coming days. Technically, gold has resistance at $1,240 and can fall to $1,200 and even $1,185. On the other hand, silver has resistance at $18.6 and can fall to $16.6 in the coming days.
(This article was published on September 22, 2014)
Related

Google will (sort of) stop forcing Google Plus down your throat(Google Plus)
Pity Google Plus.
It is the neglected child of the social Web, a network no one wanted and seemingly no one at Google wanted to run. It was shoved down the throat of an unsuspecting Internet, and ever since has been mismanaged into public enemy status . It’s the butt of a million jokes, an inconvenience unleashed to furor, and another   failure to add to Google’s ever-growing list of social media misfires.
So after languishing in obsolescence for three years, the network is being quietly dismantled by its creator: Last week Google dropped the requirement for all new Google users to sign up for a Plus account, a policy that was introduced in January 2012. (Though you still need it for some of Google’s social products, like YouTube comments, for example.)
This is after Google stopped forcing users to use real names on the service; after its “father”  left Google ; after it killed Google Authorship ; and after it was reported that the network’s photo service – the only thing people didn’t hate about Google Plus – would be spun off into its own product .
Stripped for parts and left to rot in the Internet junkyard, Google Plus has more or less officially become the ghost town the media has been calling it for years .
The thing is, Google doesn’t care about any of that.
Why should it? The point of Google Plus was never to be a “Facebook killer,” despite what some misguided blog posts postured at its launch.
Google Plus was intended to round up all of the disarrayed data points Google collects about you across all of its services – Google mail, YouTube, news, maps, wherever else – into a single system. And, for the most part, Google has succeeded . Rather than building a great social network for you, Google built a great database for itself. We hate to say it again, but it’s still true: If you’re not paying for the product, you are the product .
So what does that leave us from the great Google Plus experiment? A decaying network no one ever cared about, a possible new service that may or may not work out, and further erosion of privacy ceded to an omnipotent power we can’t nor probably would want to live without.
But hey, at least some people still love Google Plus? ( Lol ya right. )
 

Subprime Loans Are Back!Commentary about business and finance.
Sept. 22 2014 1:37 PM
Subprime Loans Are Back!
By Zachary Karabell
 
The purchase of this house and car may be thanks to subprime loans. Don’t gasp; that’s perfectly fine.
Photo by Noel Hendrickson/Thinkstock
Five years after the worst of the financial crisis, subprime loans are creeping back, this time primarily in the form of auto loans. As U.S. auto sales have surged, credit standards have moved lower, with more than a quarter of all auto financing now classified as subprime. That amounted to more than $100 billion last year and has continued through the first eight months of 2014.
Zachary Karabell is an author, money manager, and commentator. His most recent book is The Leading Indicators: A Short History of the Numbers That Rule Our World.
Just as subprime mortgages were sliced, diced, and packaged (that is, “securitized”) in the mid-2000s, so too are today’s subprime auto loans. It seems like the same dangers of poor-quality loans repackaged as securities are creeping back, with nearly $15 billion worth sold so far this year .
Seems like, but is not. The searing experience of recent years has made us toss the baby with its subprime bathwater. Far from representing the kindling for new crisis, subprime loans serve a vital need, as they always did. We need not less of them but more—alongside far greater transparency and accountability.
Advertisement
Widely perceived as a central cause of the 2008–’09 financial crisis, subprime loans carry considerable negative baggage, which is why the recent rise in subprime auto loans has attracted attention. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is contemplating substantially increasing its reach and bringing auto loan issuers under its regulatory envelope. Federal prosecutors have subpoenaed units of GM Financial to assess whether or not subprime loans are being improperly packaged as securities and sold as higher-rated bonds, which was precisely the toxic brew that helped trigger the last financial crisis. Meanwhile, officials at the New York Federal Reserve are carefully monitoring this escalation.
There are also indications of a stealth revival in the subprime mortgage market. Most banks still eschew these loans, having drastically tightened lending standards in the face of regulatory requirements to hold more capital and in response to the billions in fines levied by the Justice Department for shoddy origination and securitization standards pre-2008. But those moves have frozen out millions of would-be homebuyers from credit—an unmet demand that’s precisely what led to the evolution of subprime loans in the first place.
While there is not yet a subprime revival in mortgages comparable to the one occurring with auto loans, the need for credit usually results in companies being willing to provide it. In Australia , for instance, which also had a mid-2000s housing boom, subprime mortgages have seen brisk business this year. That doesn’t mean such a return is imminent in the U.S., but in the past weeks alone, Wells Fargo, one of the largest banks in the U.S., announced that it was relaxing some of its standards to ease the flow of credit to would-be homebuyers.
The subprime market grew to $600 billion in 2006, representing more than a fifth of all mortgages.
Obviously, the return of subprime faces considerable obstacles. Luminaries such as William Ford of Ford Motor Co. have warned that “we have to be careful because we don’t want to get into a situation like we did before, where consumers are overextended.” The mere suggestion that subprime credit may be a net positive is met with added skepticism perhaps because the same Wall Street elites who pushed these loans in the first place are now setting up a new round of the same.
So tarnished is the reputation of subprime loans and their subsequent packaging into securities that their original purpose has been largely forgotten. Subprime loans became a meaningful portion of the mortgage and auto markets only in the mid-1990s; not until the early 2000s did they account for more than a marginal share of the overall housing market. The initial impetus was not Wall Street profits, but rather a political and societal imperative to increase homeownership.
One of the primary obstacles to that imperative had been the unwillingness of banks to lend to riskier buyers—which meant low-income and often nonwhite buyers. After decades of banks redlining lower-income neighborhoods and potential borrowers, subprime loans represented an expansion of credit to buyers who couldn’t qualify for traditional loans. The ability of banks to securitize and package them, along with the role of government-sponsored Fannie Mae in providing a backstop, further enabled the extension of credit.
The result was a growth of the subprime market from $35 billion in the mid-1990s to $600 billion in 2006, representing more than a fifth of all mortgages. By 2007 there was more than $1.3 trillion in outstanding subprime home loans. That amount vastly exceeds the current levels of subprime auto loans, which should allay some fears that today’s subprime auto loans are creating a systemic risk. But the larger question shouldn’t be whether or not subprime loans are a little or a lot toxic; the question is whether they are at all toxic.
For a while, the expansion of credit via subprime loans was widely seen as a virtuous marriage of policy, technology (which made complicated securitization possible), and the financial sector. Then it spun out of control, fueled by the greed of originators, by speculators using subprime loans to justify building millions of new homes, and by investors taking advantage of derivatives to magnify these loans and sell them throughout the world.
The fact that subprime loans became the germ of a global financial crisis does not mean that these instruments are inherently poisoned. They were misused and formed the bottom of a corrupt pyramid, but good ideas gone bad are a challenge of human nature, not of recent financial history. Unsupervised origination, zero due diligence of buyers, and opaque packaging of securities can be systemically dangerous. But those are abuses. Financial tools such as subprime financing were designed to be constructive.
Top Comment
This is an odd argument. What is a subprime loan?  It's a loan to someone less likely to repay the money than the recipient of a prime loan. How does the lender compensate for the risk?   More...
-Philidor
Join In
In the aftermath of 2008–’09, tight lending standards and even tighter regulations resulted in an unfortunate return to the era before the 1990s, when a low income might mean you were shut out of homeownership, from simple ownership of a car, or from starting a small business. It also meant difficult access to credit for minorities and neighborhoods suffering from some of the industrial decline that started in the 1970s. Subprime was an answer to those challenges and still can be.
We can’t keep a permanent lid on subprime. We need credit to lubricate the workings of our economy, and access to credit in today’s world has become far too unequal. The risks of subprime going forward are not that there will be too much of it; the danger is that there will be too little.

The strange revival of nationalismThe strange revival of nationalism in global politics
By Gideon Rachman
Separatist movements have a pull for voters even in a world of bits and bytes
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df0add1e-3fef-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Counter Google with a European versionSeptember 22, 2014 5:07 pm
Champion European innovation to challenge Google
By Evgeny Morozov
Brussels should create conditions where a strong alternative can thrive, says Evgeny Morozov
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5d376ea-3f5b-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Merck KGaA: Adrenalin shot© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f7983052-426f-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesco: what would Jack say© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f7881704-4269-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Finding The Right People: A Challenge In Transforming Industriesreddit
There are two mega-trends affecting both higher education and health care: the demand for value and the need for size. (Even more so in institutions like mine, Georgia Regents University and Health System, which, as our state's only public academic health center, straddles both worlds.) And the often transformative responses to meet these trends have placed inordinate strain on institutional leadership.
In higher education, the turnover rates of university presidents/chancellors , chief financial officers (CFOs) , and chief academic officers (CAOs) are already notably high and predicted to increase even more in the coming years. And last year, the turnover rate of hospital CEOs was 20 percent , the highest since the American College of Healthcare Executives (ACHE) began tracking them in 1981.
Why so high? As Scott Watson, a Senior Partner at Wheless Partners, specialists in recruiting high-caliber, top-level executive and board leaders, described to me:
"Increasingly, talent that resides at the top of the bell curve is becoming more difficult to find and to secure. One reason is pure demographics. Baby Boomers are becoming eligible to retire at the rate of 10,000 per day, resulting in a rapidly shrinking pool of highly experienced and difference-making talent. The numbers in the generation that follows are much smaller, thus setting up a perfect storm in the war for talent. So identifying and securing brand equity-building contributors is clearly going to become more challenging going forward."
At the same time, both the health care and higher education industries are grappling with internal and external forces that present significant challenges and are driving dramatic change across the sectors. In addition to the two megatrends already noted, there are economic pressures, technological advances, new government policies, increasing demand for measurable return on investment, demographic shifts in both student and leadership populations ... These are but a few forces institutions in both fields must navigate. In fact, the increasingly challenging operating environment is very likely an additional driver for higher turnover. These jobs are not easy.
But they are critical. And finding the right people to fill them is certainly among the most important tasks facing health care and higher education institutions today. In fact, not finding the right people may be the limiting factor to the success of these ventures.
It is increasingly challenging in these transformative environments to identify capable and experienced leaders who can not only navigate, but actually thrive in, an environment where uncertainty is greater, governance and organization are morphing, cultural heterogeneity is higher, and reporting lines of authority are less clear. Below are highlighted two specific challenges: the effects of enterprise reorganization and of matrix reporting.
Reorganization Effects
Many systems have responded to the external and internal forces experienced with structural changes--integrating, consolidating, and merging--that result in organizations that are larger, more heterogeneous, and more complex, and that often combine two or more institutions that start with little in common.
I am president of one such organization, Georgia Regents University (GRU), established last year through the consolidation of two separate and disparate entities to create a greater single university with a fully aligned health system. Moreover, this consolidation of universities followed yet another complicated reorganization--the creation of a health system, and the integration of distinct corporate entities including hospitals, outpatient facilities, and a physicians practice group.
The complex, heterogeneous enterprise we became after integration and consolidation required a new way of managing, particularly as we moved to develop an enterprise-wide system of shared administrative services, e.g., IT, HR, Legal Affairs, etc. Our cultural and operational divides were significant, the largest of which were those between a liberal arts primarily undergraduate university and a primarily graduate and professional health sciences university; and between the academic and clinical enterprises.
Matrix Reporting
In a traditional hierarchical management model, authority is linear, lines of authority are clear, and each person reports to one "boss." While this has the advantage of clarity, it rarely allows for required flexibility and optimal use of staff talents and strengths required in these larger, more complex organizations.
In a matrix organizational model, individuals are grouped by function as well as by product, and cross-functional teams are frequently employed to accomplish particular tasks. Reporting lines generally include many dotted lines, where an individual executive or staff member may report to a number of other units or leaders, although always with one single solid line denoting hiring/firing authority.
Clear advantages of matrix reporting include fostering an organization-wide focus among leaders, aligning interests and efforts, breaking down siloes, increasing communication, streamlining processes, eliminating duplicative work, and using resources more efficiently. However a distinct disadvantage can be blurred lines of authority--and worse, responsibility-- and the need for leaders and staff to embrace greater responsibility with less defined "authority."
Identifying and Attracting the Right Talent
Finding people with the skills needed to navigate and lead in such an environment and leaders who can bridge the divides can be immensely challenging. Broader enterprises with more heterogeneous stakeholders and less clear lines of authority require leaders who understand, respect, and provide support for the many and various component parts and who understand, and feel comfortable using, influence rather than blunt authority. And team members must also be able to do so. That takes a particular talent and skill set that, as it turns out, is in short supply.
For example, research by Hay Group in Boston identified four leadership traits needed in matrix organizations: empathy, conflict management, influence, and self-awareness. When they used emotional intelligence measures to gauge the prevalence of these traits among a database of 17,000 individuals, they found them sorely lacking.
So just as the raw number of potential candidates is shrinking, the set of talents and abilities needed to succeed leading today's complex, heterogenous, and matrixed environments is both more specialized and less prevalent. Organizations that are facing significant change or transformation (most of us) will have to work hard to identify, develop, and retain these unique leaders.
Follow Dr. Ricardo Azziz on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@ricardoazziz
More:

Stay Sought-After by Connecting Better in Conversationreddit
Both online and in person, connective conversations are increasingly rare, so your capacity to connect deeply with diverse individuals will cause you to stand out and attract smarter support sooner in all parts of your life. Here are practical pointers to support that habit:
1. Be direct in answering questions. First answer. Then elaborate, not the reverse, which is increasingly common. Don't give qualifiers and background before answering. That's underbrush he must wade through. You may seem to be going off on a tangent rather than responding to him or, worse yet, being evasive.
2. Focus on what she is saying right now. Avoid trying to anticipate what she is going to say. You may miss what she actually means.
To truly listen is to risk being changed forever. ~Sakej Henderson
3. Don't interrupt. It sends the message that your views are more important than his.
4. Confirm your understanding of what she said, using her words. Don't paraphrase. You are keeping a thread to the conversation and thus moving you both forward in it.
Every moment counts, and moments are lost when you're not in them 100 percent. ~Tachi Yamada, M.D.
5. Ask follow-up questions to clarify and to glean the specific benefits he seeks or problem he wants to solve -- or other conscious or unconscious desire he has in the conversation.
6. Take notes. It demonstrates interest and respect and enables you to recall exactly what was said. When you take notes, you triple the amount you remember -- even if you never look at those notes again.
7. Control outside interruptions and distractions. Where possible, meet in a place that is not noisy, where seats are comfortable.
8. Sit side-by-side or at a right angle, sidling, rather than across from her. We tend to like each other better when walking, sitting or standing side by side or at right angles from each other.
9. Avoid patterned shirts, blouses or other distractive clothing, especially on the upper half of your body. Patterns, like noises, shorten attention spans.
It was impossible to get a conversation going, everybody was talking too much. ~Yogi Berra
10. Lean slightly forward toward him and look directly at him much of the time. Nod sometimes and do not fidget. Just as smiling actually lifts your mood as well as those who see it, acting interested in these ways often makes you feel more interested.
11. Remain genial and receptive. Do not react negatively -- even and especially to highly charged words and tones. Hear her out. Then respond. Say, for example, "May I tell you my thoughts on that?" Don't change the topic. Some people will cool down and begin to talk calmly once they vent their anger and frustrations and feel heard.
Hint: Become the glue that holds groups together.
The more strongly someone connects with you, the more likely it is that they will emulate your becoming behavior, tell others about your positive traits and actions, and want to introduce you to opportunities, colleagues, friends and the friends of their friends. Sound like a way to savor your life with others?  For further ideas on fostering convivial, worthwhile conversation, I recommend Crucial Conversations, Conversational Intelligence, Difficult Conversations and Fierce Conversations.
Listening is a magnetic and strange thing, a creative force. The friends who listen to us are the ones we move toward. When we are listened to, it creates us, makes us unfold and expand. ~Karl Menninger
Follow Kare Anderson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kareanderson
More:

10 Productivity Tips  Tricks  Hacks for Entrepreneursreddit
New, old, stale. Entrepreneurs get to have many tag-names added to their title. I believe that entrepreneurs are the people who build something of value, perhaps something that anyone could have built before, but didn't because the time wasn't right. Are entrepreneurs known for their perfect timing?
I think I've got a pretty good grasp on "all things entrepreneurs", but there is always more room for growth. There's always that opportunity coming your way, that new business deal. Perhaps, it's something more exciting - like traveling arrangements. It's all great, but it comes at the cost of our own productivity.
Well, unless you're focused only on one particular thing in your field of choice, you're most likely open to opportunities about pretty much anything that relates to your subject. But, like I said, the price we have to pay is our productivity. Letting yourself to be thrown around, can and will drain your energy resources.
So, here's my unique list of tips, tricks and hacks that you - the entrepreneur - can use whenever you like, or whenever it feels the most appropriate. Each tip might have a different effect on you, but mostly we're looking for ways to organize, manage, and combine our workflow.
1. Morning Routine
Remember this: whatever you do in the morning, is going to have an impact on the overall quality of the rest of your day. For example, waking up and feeling regretful of last nights events is not going to help you at all. Instead, waking up and feeling happy to be alive is going to give you the right energy boost to start the day right.
My routine consists of meditation , healthy breakfast , exercise , and work !
2. Meaningful Work
You've been there, stuck doing work that is neither getting you anyway, neither is it in any way fulfilling. I've learned that working on what I love (like the CodeCondo project) is the same as never getting tired of what you do. By engaging in a meaningful project (if only for 49% of the time) you're giving yourself the space you need to regenerate, learn, and help others. I love to write, but I also love to build something. I pick whichever feels right at the time, and stick to it.
3. Analyze Data
As an entrepreneur, you're constantly exposed to new data, to new cool things being built. If you're anything like me - stuck in the loop of continuous evolution of the web as we know it - then you know how difficult it can get to try and understand many things at once. Both - data mining & data analysis can be very helpful towards your specific goals and needs.
4. Constant Flow on Social Media
In the end, everything that you've done as a business person is going to come down to how many people have you helped, and what kind of value have those people gotten out of you.
Nurturing relationships with your customers is a crucial part of growing a successful business. In this age of automation and innovation, caring for your customers has never been more important. -- Brian Honigman
I recommend using something like BufferApp , very handy tool and comes to about ten dollars each month if you want to keep unlimited stock of social posts to send out. Or, you feel you won't have time to fill those gaps up? Buffer offers specific post suggestions that refresh on daily basis.
5. Screw Clutter!
Technically, you should only be reading and analyzing content when you've got the appropriate amount of time to do it at your disposal. Scrambling together some pieces of content over the course of your day - well, it isn't really learning, or reading for that matter. It's clutter. It's distraction, and disadvantage.
You're a business person, an entrepreneur - people expect you to be sharp, so try and find ways to minimize that clutter in your life . You won't believe how big of an impact can a clean (over dirty) desk make towards the amount of work you do, or even your overall mood levels.
6. Try a Cafe
I've found that spicing things up in my schedule can have a really positive effect. In fact, a few months ago - I specifically began some mini-research on which are the best places in my town to go and work at in the early morning hours. I had to take many things into consideration, but I later learned that the quality of coffee is far more important than the amount of space you've got to sit on.
Here is a list of twenty good reasons and advantages of working from a cafe!
Try to visit a Cafe for the next week or so. You can use it to write down your goals for the day, answer your emails from the last day, as well as to catch up on the latest news in your industry. Plus, in the early hours - most cafes will be dead up until 10:30am.
7. Know Your Priorities
Look, if you don't know what your priorities are , why are you even trying to be an entrepreneur? I'll usually stick with two major projects at any given time, trying to take on the 3rd one is only going to cause confusion, and unnecessary headache. But, even with two projects that are active full-time; I'll try and map my priorities accordingly.
You never know who you might have to hire, or what you may need to change and adjust on your product, but you should always know what your priorities are at any given moment. Is it building the customer base? Is it about building better relationships with current clients? Whatever it is, know it.
8. Make Lists About Lists!
You see, in the worst case scenario - you'd only be making lists, which is totally sufficient to aid you with invaluable experience. Making lists has proved to be one of the best ways of coming up with new business ideas, ironing out 'mind bugs', and also for learning more about my experience so-far in the field of business.
9. Reward Yourself
Listen, if you - for a second - think that all you have to do is work hard and make money, then boy - you've been hanging out with the wrong people! Of course, it's not healthy to just spend, but neither is it healthy to just work!
When you're working hard at something--like a diet or a budget--it's okay to reward yourself for hitting a milestone. The ideal reward, however, is one that doesn't set back your progress. -- Lifehacker
Always give yourself time for downtime. Go places, spend those few extra dollars. Feel financially free, feel empowered by your success, and everything else that is coming your way. I had to poke myself really hard to accept the fact that it's okay to reward yourself!
10. Nine-to-Five: Forget It!
Right, for my last entrepreneur hack today - I'd like to suggest that you quit the 9-5 working schedule, and find something that really resonates with you, and your values. I found that giving up on a set working schedule has given me the freedom to make better decisions, and perhaps even has taught me to appreciate opportunities more.
In the past, I'd signup for everything that came my way, now - I feel that I can analyze something, before agreeing to the final decision. Yeah, whatever work schedule you choose to work with - acknowledge that you're moving forward, and if you're not - make the necessary adjustments.
Productivity for Entrepreneurs
Hey, like I said - keep things simple, and adapt to whatever feels right. You may find that with time, your overall productivity ratio has climbed up some points, and perhaps you're even finding the long looked for free time!
My question to you is quite simple: what is your favorite productivity hack that you feel comfortable sharing with everyone else?
Follow Alex Ivanovs on Twitter: www.twitter.com/alexivanovs
More:
What Is Working: Small Businesses
FOLLOW HUFFPOST

Lead from Within: Become a Leader with a Personal Mission• Commitment to making a difference
• Optimism
• Focus on personal development
• Driven by a sense of purpose
A great leader understands that his/her external environment is a true representation of how much he/she can grow from within.  Certain skills and expertise contribute toward making a good leader.  However, to move from a good to great leader, one has to focus on personal growth to influence the growth of one's team and organization.  And growth from within is typically driven by a personal mission.  A personal mission defines:
• Who you want to become.
• What you stand for.
• How you will live out your purpose.
Looking at the above leadership examples, I want to focus on Sir Richard Branson.  As he has said, Virgin's mission statement could easily be "Screw it, let's do it." I believe this applies to his personal mission as well.  He has been willing to be a contrarian and challenging the status quo.  His motto has served him so well that he's just been voted Britain's most admired business leader of the past 50 years in a poll of top bosses.  Richard Branson truly leads from within.  He leads from his heart, inspires and motivates people driven by his strong commitment to his personal mission.  All this with lots of fun, laughter and a sense of adventure.
A lot of leaders and emerging leaders though aren't quite certain what their personal mission is since they're guided by many different personal motivators.  I have found that writing out your personal mission statement is the best way to get clear on what your personal mission is.  During personal branding workshops that I lead with emerging leaders, I typically guide participants through a 3-step process to help them formulate their own personal mission statement:
Define your top 3 core values, i.e. what beliefs guide you; and how do you have to feel to be energized and joyful?
What is the number one thing you want to have achieved during your lifetime?  This isn't about what others say at your funeral.  It's what you will make you feel fulfilled when you depart from this planet.
Write out a one-sentence statement that captures your values and lifetime achievement.  It should be motivating and inspiring.  Examples are:
"To serve as a leader, live a balanced life, and apply ethical principles to make a significant difference." Denise Morrision, CEO of Campbell Soup
"To be a teacher. And to be known for inspiring my students to be more than they thought they could be."  Oprah Winfrey, Founder of OWN
Being a leader is a true gift.  So, learn to bring your own gifts and purpose into the mix when you go about leading your team and organization.  We see far too many examples of individuals who function as leaders in title only.  The world needs a lot more leaders who serve through their personal mission and want to make a difference.  I can't wait to see you step up and lead the way!
Are you a leader looking to influence and inspire your team?  Learn why you first need a solid personal mission to help you rally your team and mobilize your stakeholders in my book The Impactful Leader .
Follow Marion Chamberlain on Twitter: www.twitter.com/marionchamberla
More:

Eating Post-It Notes And Napkins Couldn t Keep Alleged Inside Traders From Getting Bustedreddit
John Le Carré is unimpressed. If you're going to use spycraft to conduct insider trading, at least use it properly.
Last week, a Brooklyn man named Frank Tamayo, 41, pleaded guilty to Securities and Exchange Commission charges that he had been the middleman in an insider-trading scheme that the SEC had first alleged back in March.
According to the SEC, Tamayo helped two other men - Steven Metro, then a clerk at the Simpson Thacher law firm, and stockbroker Vladimir Eydelman, formerly of Oppenheimer and Morgan Stanley - pull off a plot that seemed clever, but also hilarious.
Metro regularly passed trading tips gleaned from his law firm's files on to Eydelman, according to the SEC, but the two men never met. Instead, according to prosecutors, Metro would meet Tamayo for coffee and show him the ticker symbol of a stock he wanted Eydelman to buy. Tamayo would then allegedly meet Eydelman at the clock in Grand Central Terminal and show him a post-it note or a napkin with the ticker symbol on it and walk away. After that, the SEC says , Tamayo “chewed up and sometimes even ate the post-it note or napkin to destroy evidence.”
The first problem with this scheme was that Metro and Eydelman allegedly chose to trade in securities that the SEC monitors really closely for weird trading patterns using fancy algorithms. As Matt Levine said when the indictment was first announced in March, if you’re going to insider-trade, “don't buy short-dated out-of-the-money call options in companies that are about to be acquired.”
The even more basic problem for these enterprising, espionage-inspired alleged insider traders was that, while their scheme was, in the SEC’s words , “deliberately constructed to avoid detection,” it was fairly easily detectable.
“Tamayo,” the SEC’s Robert Cohen said , “was the firewall between Metro and Eydelman.”
Except that, if so, he was a pretty terrible firewall: After he met with Tamayo but before he placed his trades, prosecutors say Eydelman would email Tamayo seemingly legitimate justification for the trade about which they had just met. (Along the lines of: "I was looking at some numbers this morning, and I think this company is undervalued, so I am buying some stock.”)
Why, after going through the whole ‘meet at the clock in Grand Central and eat the Post-It note’ routine, would you email the guy you just met in a train station about the exact topic you wanted to keep secret? If two people are separated by a middleman, concealing the identity of the middleman is pretty crucial to keeping those two people separated.
Sending an email to your great-aunt achieves the same thing (a possibly legitimate reason for buying a stock you are allegedly buying for illegitimate reasons) without achieving what you don’t want it to (tipping off investigators to the identity of the middleman).
This is a good reminder that the firewall you create to protect yourself from insider trading charges should not include regular emails to one of your alleged conspirators. Once the SEC notices the unusual trades you're allegedly placing, and that you are emailing your middleman about those trades, it's pretty much game over in terms of keeping your alleged connection obscured.
Metro and Eydelman have pleaded not guilty and are awaiting trial. Their lawyers could not immediately be reached for comment.
More:

IFC launches Indias first Maharaja bondIFC launches India’s first Maharaja bond
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c19ba334-42cf-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks slide as eurozone worries buildStocks weak as risk appetite crumbles
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bb99ed8-42ce-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra situation  good   saffron horses  unstoppable : Shiv SenaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Panmure shows signs of profit turnroundPanmure Gordon shows sign of turnround with profit
By Harriet Agnew, City Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/74c6b712-4282-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Raiffeisen Bank hit by Ukraine conflictAustria’s Raiffeisen Bank hit by Ukraine conflict
By Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4587c650-42fd-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex Slumps 431 Points Amid Broad SelloffYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Slumps Over 400 Points Amid Broad Selloff
NDTV | Updated On: September 23, 2014 16:06 (IST)
The Week Ahead: Nifty All Set to Conquer 8,500 Peak
BSE Sensex and Nifty slumped over 1.5 per cent on Tuesday amid a broad selloff. All the sectoral indices on the BSE ended in the red, with realty, banking, metal and capital goods stocks particularly witnessing strong selling pressure.
The Sensex fell 431 points to 26,775, its worst one-day fall since July 8. The broader Nifty slumped 128 points to 8,017.
Shrikant Chouhan, technical analyst at Kotak Securities, said he expects Nifty to remain in the 7980-8070 zone in the near term. The selloff could accelerate if Nifty falls below 7980, he adds.
The BSE realty index fell nearly 5 per cent to be the biggest loser among BSE sectoral indices. Unitech fell over 10 per cent while DLF slumped 6.5 per cent to be the biggest loser among Nifty stocks.
The selling pressure was stronger in the broader markets. BSE midcap index fell nearly 2 per cent while smallcap index slumped 2.5 per cent.
Buying by foreign investors slowed down in the past week with foreign institutional investors (FIIs) selling on average Rs 73 crore of Indian equities per day between September 16-19. In comparison, their average daily buying during September 9-15 stood at Rs 393 crore and during September 1-8 at Rs 990 crore.
Metal stocks also saw a selloff amid softening commodity prices across the globe. Hindalco and Tata Steel fell over 3 per cent.
Among oil & gas stocks, ONGC and BPCL fell nearly 3 per cent.
Besides profit-taking, weak global markets also weighed on Indian markets. Most of the Asian markets ended in the red after a survey in China showed factory employment slumped to a 5-1/2-year low, offsetting benefits from the same survey showing China's factory sector beat expectations. Indian markets were also cautious ahead of the expiry of monthly derivatives contracts on Thursday.
European shares were lower in early trade. In its monthly survey, financial information company Markit said Tuesday that its purchasing managers' index for the eurozone - a gauge of business activity - fell to a nine-month low of 52.3 in September from the previous month's 52.5. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 23, 2014 16:06 (IST)

P Chidambaram says India can manage 8 pct GDP growth  takes dig at PM Narendra Modi govtEconomy
P Chidambaram says India can manage 8 pct GDP growth, takes dig at PM Narendra Modi govt
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 23 2014, 15:59  IST
Sep 23 2014, 15:59  IST
 

States Would Reap Billions In Taxes From Legal Weed  Survey Findsreddit
Money may not grow on trees, but it apparently does grow on marijuana plants. If all 50 states legalized cannabis today, they'd be collectively raking in more than $3 billion a year in taxes.
That's according to NerdWallet, a personal finance site, which forecasts a total $3.1 billion annual windfall for state governments that legalize the popular plant .
California would gain the most from legalization. NerdWallet projects the Golden State would generate more than $519 million per year, which the website points out would almost fund the entire 2013 budget for California's Department of Parks and Recreation . New York would be second, with $248 million, NerdWallet said. Seven additional states would bring in $100 million or more from legalization, and 25 others would stand to make at least $20 million per year.
NerdWallet's estimate assumed a flat, 15 percent excise tax on marijuana -- the same as Colorado's excise tax on recreational marijuana sales. NerdWallet added state and local sales taxes to that figure.
The site didn't subtract medical marijuana tax revenues in the 23 states that allow medicinal use of cannabis. The post-prohibition forecast also failed to calculate reduced government spending on law enforcement. In 2010, Harvard economist Jeffrey Miron estimated more than $8 billion in annual savings in law enforcement costs if marijuana were legalized.
To estimate marijuana sales in each state, NerdWallet used the widely cited Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration's National Surveys on Drug Use and Health to find the number of marijuana consumers aged 25 and older. NerdWallet calculated the approximate number of pot users in each state, and applied the percentage to the U.S. population. It estimated the total U.S. marijuana market at $14 billion, as projected by Miron .
Of course, tax rates in states may vary wildly from NerdWallet's 15 percent assumption. And estimating a marketplace for a substance that has been banned and stigmatized may be fraught. In Colorado, where recreational marijuana is legal, recreational marijuana tax revenue has been far lower than predicted .
Still, recent studies have projected that the U.S. marijuana industry may reach $8 billion to to $10 billion in sales by 2018.
In 2012, Colorado and Washington state legalized recreational marijuana. Twenty-three states and the District of Columbia have legalized marijuana for medical use. In November, Oregon and Alaska voters will cast ballots on the legalization of recreational marijuana, voters in Florida will decide on a medical marijuana ballot measure, and Washington, D.C., voters will consider legalizing recreational marijuana possession and use.
Take a look at NerdWallet's map of the United States below to see tax revenues your state might expect from legal, regulated marijuana:
Also on HuffPost:

SC stays Rs 55-cr CCI penalty on NSESC stays CCI order on NSE penalty
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 23, 2014 10:44 PM IST
The Supreme Court on Tuesday stayed the order of fair-trade regulator  Competition Commission of India (CCI) directing the National Stock Exchange (NSE) to pay a penalty of Rs 55 crore for the alleged abuse of its dominant position and unfair practices.
The appellate tribunal had upheld the Commission's order. NSE appealed to the Supreme Court and a Bench headed by Justice J Chelameswar has issued a notice to the Commission.
The tribunal had dismissed NSE's appeal observing its action in continuing with a zero transaction  fee policy was a "classic example of exclusionary conduct."
The case traces back to 2009 when MCX Stock Exchange moved the CCI against NSE's decision to offer currency derivatives trading free of cost to investors. It argued that NSE enjoyed a dominant position, which was abused. The tribunal had stated: "It is absolutely clear that while NSE could continue because of its relative strength in other segments, MCX could not have continued with the policy and necessarily it had to adopt the same policy of no transaction fees, as otherwise it could not have even entered the market, forget about its sustenance in the market."

Futures hinges on success of forward tradingFutures market sees hope in forward trades
Rajesh Bhayani | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 10:33 PM IST
Amid falling volumes and other uncertainties in the commodities derivatives market, there are some encouraging developments. One is the introduction of forward trading.
The National Commodities and Derivatives Exchange begins forward trades in maize and sugar on Thursday. Its managing director, Samir Shah, says it will be a soft launch.
The chairman of the regulatory body, Forward Markets Commission, has told the other bourses in the segment, Multi Commodity Exchange and National Multi Commodities Exchange, to prepare for launch of forward trading.
Forward trading is where two parties have agreed to a trade and the delivery is to take place at a future date.
Says Samir Shah: “We have found that mini contracts in agricultural commodities and gold and silver hedge contracts have also seen the entry of new classes of participants.”
Experts say the market is facing several other uncertainties, hurting investor sentiment. Amendments to the Forward Contracts Regulation Act to empower FMC and pave the way for introducing option and index futures, apart from allowing new players such as banks, are needed.

Israeli Army: 2 Suspects In Fatal Abduction Of 3 Israeli Teens Killed In ShootoutPrevious Story
Next Story
Israeli Army: 2 Suspects In Fatal Abduction Of 3 Israeli Teens Killed In West Bank Shootout
 | By                                                                IAN DEITCH
reddit
JERUSALEM (AP) — Israeli special forces stormed a West Bank hideout early on Tuesday and killed two Palestinians suspected in the June abduction and slaying of three Israeli teenagers, a gruesome attack that had triggered a chain of events that led to the war in Gaza this summer.
The deaths of the two suspects, identified by the Israeli military as well-known Hamas militants, ended one of the largest manhunts conducted by the Israeli security forces.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu welcomed the development.
"This episode sends a clear and unambiguous message that Israel will do whatever it needs to to deal with threats and challenges wherever they may occur," he said.
Eyal Yifrah, 19, Gilad Shaar, 16, and Naftali Fraenkel, a 16-year-old with dual Israeli-American citizenship, were abducted on June 12 while hitchhiking home in the West Bank and killed soon afterward.
The teens' abduction and slaying prompted a large Israeli crackdown on the Islamic militant Hamas group and set off a chain of events that led to a 50-day war between Israel and Hamas in the Gaza Strip.
In an operation codenamed "Brother's Keeper," Israel dispatched thousands of troops across the West Bank in search of the youths, closed roads in the Hebron area and arrested hundreds of Hamas operatives throughout the territory.
The search ended July 1, when the bodies were found under a pile of rocks in a field north of the West Bank city of Hebron. Officials later said it was believed the three had been killed shortly after the abduction.
Israeli forces had been pursuing the suspects, Amer Abu Aisheh and Marwan Qawasmeh, since the abductions, said Lt. Col. Peter Lerner, an Israeli army spokesman.
Lerner told reporters that there was a recent breakthrough in the search that led the Yamam, a special police counter- terrorism unit, to the hideout in an area of Hebron about a week ago.
Early on Tuesday, the Israeli special forces entered the ground floor of the two-story building and killed two Hamas operatives after coming under fire, Lerner said.
Lerner noted the two men had been identified as the suspects early in the search, their Hamas connections were well known, and Hamas has repeatedly tried to abduct Israeli civilians and soldiers. Another three members of one the Qawasmeh family were arrested, he said.
"We were determined in bringing the ruthless murderers of Gilad, Eyal and Naftali to justice," Lerner said. "Today's successful mission brings the long-term search to an end, and the perpetrators of the crime no longer pose a threat to Israeli civilians," he said.
Qawasmeh's mother Hanan described her son as "a hero" and said it was far better that he had been killed in battle rather than falling into the hands of Israeli forces.
"Thank God that he and the other man were martyred," she said.
In Qatar, Hussam Badran, a spokesman for top Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal, praised the two militants on his Twitter account. "The martyrdom of Marwan Qawasmeh and Amer Abu Aisheh came after a long life full of jihad sacrifice and giving. This is the path of resistance, which we all are moving in," he said.
Hamas denied involvement for weeks after the teens were abducted. However, during the Israel-Hamas war, an exiled Hamas leader responsible for West Bank operations acknowledged his group had been responsible for the abduction and killing of the teenagers.
In the days leading up to the start of the Gaza war in early July, a Palestinian youth was also abducted and killed in east Jerusalem by Israeli extremists in an apparent  revenge attack over the teens' slaying.
More:

MCF open offer: Louder murmurs for higher price'Mallya's stay on MCF board subject to legal proceedings'
Digbijay Mishra | New Delhi Sep 24, 2014 12:48 AM IST
The chorus grew for a revised open offer by the rival bidders for Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers (MCF) as the scrip hit a 52-week high on Tuesday.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has told Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals that continuation of Vijay Mallya on the board of MCF would be subject to the legal proceedings initiated against him. Likewise for fellow director S R Gupte, also tagged as a wilful defaulter by United Bank of India (UBI).
There has been a joint open offer from Zuari chief Saroj Poddar and Mallya to acquire additional stake in MCF; it is slated to start from October 1 and go on till October 17.
The MCF scrip finally settled at Rs 76.5 on Tuesday, marginally down 0.3 per cent, on the BSE. The proposed open offers so far, by Zuari and by Deepak Fertilisers, are priced at Rs 68.55 and Rs 63 a share, respectively. The final date for an upward revision of the open offer is this Thursday.
“Both the open offer prices are very low compared to current market prices. Not many would be interested to tender their shares in such a case,” said a sector analyst who tracks MCF.
On September 19, Business Standard had reported that Nagreeka Foils, minority shareholders in MCF, had written to Sebi for removal of Mallya from the MCF board and cancellation of contractual agreements between  Poddar and Mallya to acquire another 26 per cent stake in the company. UBI declared grounded Mallya, head of grounded Kingfisher Airlines, and three other directors — Subhash R Gupte,
Ravi Nedungadi and Anil Kumar Ganguly — as wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues worth about Rs 400 crore to the airline.
Jitendra Nath Gupta of SES, a proxy advisory firm, said  under the current guidelines of Sebi, Mallya could only be barred/removed from the MCF board and proposed open offer if convicted by a court.  According to an agreement signed between Mallya’s UB Group and Poddar’s Adventz Group on May 12, Mallya will remain the chairman of MCF for the next five years if they jointly gain a controlling stake in the company. Also, Mallya will be able to appoint three directors on the board and will have the right of first refusal over Poddar’s shares in MCF.
Mallya, through UB Group, holds 21.98% stake in MCF. He has joined hands with Poddar, who is competing with Deepak Fertilisers for a controlling stake in MCF for over a year. As of the June quarter, Deepak owned a 25.3% stake in MCF and had made an open offer, at Rs 63 a share, for an additional 26% stake.
To counter this, Poddar and Mallya had jointly made an open offer for a similar stake at Rs 68.55 a share. Sebi had approved both these open offer proposals last month. Poddar, through Zuari, holds a 16.43% stake in MCF. Competition Commission of India has also approved both the open offers.

Rupee Ends Lower at 60.81You are here: Home Market
Rupee Ends Lower at 60.81 As Shares Slump
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 18:51 (IST)
The rupee fell the most among emerging market peers on Tuesday as shares slumped after weak global manufacturing surveys raised growth concerns, while month-end dollar demand from importers also hurt sentiment for the local unit.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.94/95 per dollar, compared with its close of 60.8150/8250 on Monday.
Surveys showed French business activity contracted in September, while Germany's manufacturing sector expanded at its slowest pace since June 2013.
Meanwhile, a private survey showed China's factory activity edging up in September, though unemployment fell to a 5-1/2-year low.
Traders are also bracing for volatility ahead of the policy review by the Reserve Bank of India on Sept. 30 and the end of the first half of the financial year the same day.
"The rupee should remain in a 60.50 to 61.10 range in the coming days," said Chintan Karnani, chief analyst at Insignia Consultants, a currency risk advisory firm in New Delhi.
The rupee was also hurt as importers sought to meet their month-end dollar needs, while the Nifty posted its biggest single-day fall in about two-and-a-half months as blue-chips tracked weaker global shares.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.23/33, while the three-month contract was at 61.81/91.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Modi not a factor  BJP should declare its face in Maharashtra: CM Prithviraj Chavan8
0
Mumbai: Daring BJP to name its leader for Maharashtra polls, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday took a jibe at the party for seeking votes in Narendra Modi's name when it will be the Chief Minister and not the Prime Minister who will be taking day-to-day decisions in the state.
As the Congress-NCP alliance battles anti-incumbency of last 15 years, Chavan said that Congress "may drop" some MLAs if there is public anger against them and more opportunities would be given to youth and women.
At the same time, he made it clear that this would not be done at the cost of those who have nurtured their constituency, indicating that the upcoming candidate list of Maharashtra would be a mix of experience and youth.
Prithviraj Chavan said that Congress "may drop" some MLAs if there is public anger against them and more opportunities would be given to youth and women.
#maharashtra #prithviraj chavan #narendra modi #modiwave
"The fact is that Modi is not going to be the Chief Minister of the state. I think BJP is going to campaign by saying that we have Modi in Delhi. How does it help?," he said adding that ultimately state government has to run on
day-to-day basis.
"You cannot ask Modi what to do? People know that a person in charge, a person on Chief Minister's chair, has to take decisions on minute to minute basis. So saying that we have Modi is neither here or there," he said. Chavan's comments egging the BJP to declare its face for the state Assembly election comes in the backdrop of a tussle over leadership issue between BJP and Shiv Sena with the latter insisting that Uddhav Thackeray would be chief ministerial face of the alliance.
Modi is expected to aggressively campaign for the October 15 polls in the state and BJP is hoping that the it will build on its Lok Sabha gains when the BJP-Sena combine bagged 42 out of 48 seats.
"There is a clear choice in Shiv Sena, Congress and in NCP. So other parties have got a clear choice of leader. People will choose party, party's ideology as well as party's leader. So BJP will very soon have to declare who their leader is. So far they have not been able to project anyone to lead
the election," he said.
Confident of a Congress comeback in Maharashtra, Chavan said that over the last couple of months, many factors have emerged. "You have got the by-election results, which indicates that people tend to vote differently when they want to form a national government than during state elections," he said.
Asked if chance would be given to more youngsters in the upcoming polls, Chavan answered in the affirmative. "But at the same time, people who have nursed their constituency for over five years, 10 years, they can't be discarded just like that unless they have completely failed in their developmental activities and people are angry with them. "By and large we will repeat the MLAs who have done reasonably good work. But we have a huge sprinkling of youth workers, women who have been active in the political field. We will also try to bring more educated people into the fray," he
said. Chavan said that a "few" MLAs may also be dropped.
0

Corporation bank to go with consortium for recovering dues from KingfisherCorp Bank to take partners on board to recover KFA dues
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Sep 23, 2014 08:40 PM IST
State-run Corporation Bank will go along with the decision of the consortium of lenders to Kingfisher Airlines for recovering its outstanding debt from the ailing company.
“We want to go along with the consortium. We have served them (Kingfisher Airlines) notices much earlier than other banks and hearings have also been conducted,” said SR Bansal, chairman-cum-managing director, Corporation Bank, here when asked if the bank was contemplating to declare the grounded airline a wilful defaulter.
While United Bank of India was the first lender to declare KFA promoter Vijay Mallya and its three other directors wilful defaulters, UCO is contemplating to follow the UBI. State Bank of India has served the company a show cause notice seeking an explanation as to why it should not be named a wilful defaulter.
SBI leads a 17-member consortium of lenders that is trying to recover the dues running to over Rs 7,500 crore in principal alone, from Kingfisher Airlines.
SBI has the maximum exposure of Rs 1,600 crore to the airline which has remained grounded from October 2012.
He declined to comment on the bank’s exposure to the airlines. "The day the amount will be recovered, I will declare it," he added.
As per media reports, Punjab National Bank and IDBI Bank each have an exposure of Rs 800 crore each to Kingfisher Airlines, Bank of India Rs 650 crore and Bank of Baroda Rs 550 crore.
Among the others, United Bank of India had lent Rs 430 crore, Central Bank of India (Rs 410 crore), Uco Bank (Rs 320 crore), Corporation Bank (Rs 310 crore), State Bank of Mysore (Rs 150 crore), Indian Overseas Bank (Rs 140 crore), Federal Bank (Rs 90 crore), Punjab & Sind Bank (Rs 60 crore) and Axis Bank (Rs 50 crore).
Lenders outside the consortium are Srei Infrastructure Finance (Rs 430 crore), Jammu & Kashmir Bank (Rs 80 crore) and Oriental Bank of Commerce (Rs 50 crore).

Valls demands end to Air France strikeManuel Valls demands end to Air France strike as economy stalls
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fdc43d80-4306-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Syndicate Bank case: S K Jain  other sent to JCCBI
(The court, which was scheduled…)
NEW DELHI: A special court today rejected CBI's plea for custodial interrogation of Syndicate Bank's suspended CMD S K Jain and two other co-accused in a bribery case and remanded them to judicial custody till tomorrow.
Special CBI Judge Swarana Kanta Sharma sent Jain and Vineet Godha to a day's judicial custody. The court, however, remanded alleged middleman Purushottam Totlani to one-day CBI custody after he was arrested by the agency in another related bribery case in the courtroom itself.
Jain, Godha and Totlani were produced before the court after expiry of their police custody.
CBI had earlier taken Totlani's custody to interrogate him and confront him with intercepted telephonic conversations.
Jain and Godha were yesterday sent to one-day police custody after CBI had said that they were required to be confronted with Totlani who had surrendered in the court on September 17.
During the proceedings, CBI sought extension of police custody of Jain, Godha and Totlani by two days on the ground that they were not telling the facts and were not co-operating in the probe.
The court, however, turned down CBI's submissions. During the hearing, the court heard arguments on the bail plea of accused Neeraj Singal, Bhushan Steel Ltd Vice Chairman and Managing Director and sought some clarifications from the counsel appearing for him. The court fixed Singal's bail plea for September 25 for hearing further arguments.
The court, which was scheduled to pass an order on CBI's plea seeking specimen voice of Jain, Singal and three other accused in the case, fixed it for September 25.
According to the probe agency, the alleged bribe amount in the case was sent to Godha through Totlani who was in touch with him and also knew Jain.
S K Jain, Neeraj Singal, CMD of Prakash Industries Limited Ved Prakash Agarwal , middleman Vineet Godha and other accused were arrested by CBI in connection with the case.
FEATURED ARTICLES

2G PMLA: Raja  Kani involved in Rs 200-crore transaction EDPrint
Ex-Telecom minister A Raja. (PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 8:29 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 8:31 pm
Enforcement Directorate (ED) Tuesday told a special court trying 2G scam case, that the accused chargesheeted by it in a money laundering case, including ex-Telecom minister A Raja and DMK MP Kanimozhi, were involved in the Rs 200crore money transaction which was not “bonafide” and “genuine”.
Advancing arguments on framing of charges, special public prosecutor Anand Grover told the court that the series of transactions relating to transfer of Rs 200 crore from DB group company to DMK-run Kalaignar TV through Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd and Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd were not a “genuine business transaction”.
“We (ED) are saying that these were not genuine and bonafide transactions. The other two entities (Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd and Cineyug Films Pvt Ltd) have no role at all except transferring the money. There was no proper documentation regarding these transactions which involved huge amount of money,” he told Special CBI Judge O P Saini.
Grover also told the court that the complaint filed by ED and documents annexed along with the charge sheet prima facie show that it was not a genuine business transaction.
He argued that in this case, individuals had used their companies for commission of the crime and the firms as well as the persons were liable to be made accused in the case.
“The companies are also liable as the individuals have used the firms as vehicle,” he said, adding, “no businessman can lend huge amount of money without any guarantee”.
“This shows that it was not a genuine transaction. It (transfer of money) was not meant for business. It was only for conduiting. They had to route the money through others for the purpose of showing the entire transaction as genuine,” the prosecutor argued. The arguments on framing of charges in the case remained inconclusive today.
ED has chargesheeted 19 accused – 10 individuals and nine firms – in the case.
In its charge sheet, ED had claimed its probe into the case emanates from the 2G spectrum allocation scam and the accused had allegedly conspired and committed offences under provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).

Gadgets to make you superhumanGadgets to make you a superhuman
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 23, 2014: 11:01 AM ET
 
Wearable tech to help focus, lose weight
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Gadgets aren't just for your desk or pocket anymore. A whole new category of devices is being built for your body.
Wearable gadgets -- from Google Glass to the Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) Watch -- are here to stay. But it's not yet clear what purpose many of these wearable gizmos will serve. They're marketed as everything from second screens for your smartphone to fitness trackers to personal assistants.
Meanwhile, there's a less talked-about group of wearable gadgets that has a clear, futuristic purpose: To turn people into superhumans by amplifying their senses and abilities.
Many of these gizmos are prototypes, but they paint a portrait of a future in which gadgets hack people -- not the other way around.
Related: Apple unveils the Apple Watch
Sight: A group of British designers developed a mask called Eidos that allows people to see movement better. The device overlays what you're seeing now with images that it recorded just a few milliseconds ago. The effect is a kind of time-lapse video, only in real time.
Eidos allows you to see moving objects more clearly and determine patterns in them. For instance, a rower or golfer could trace her ideal stroke, or security professionals could better track suspicious activity.
Hearing: SoundHawk is a kind of a hearing aid on steroids. The wearable device doesn't just amplify all sounds like a traditional hearing aid -- it cuts through background noise, focusing on the speech of the person you want to hear. An app lets you tune the device to listen for specific sounds you'd like to make louder (say, your wife), and reduces other sounds.
And Eidos makes another mask that works like SoundHawk. It doesn't look nearly as inconspicuous, but it has the same basic function.
Strength: The Ekso body suit is a kind of robotic exoskeleton that gives people super strength. It's kind of like a real-life Iron Man suit.
Perhaps one day Ekso will be used to make ordinary people into superhumans. Today, Ekso is marketed for people with traumatic injuries, including victims of strokes, spinal cord injuries or disease and brain injuries. The suit works by powering steps when the wearer shifts his or her weight. Motors push the legs forward .
Health: Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ), Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) and some other companies are developing smart contact lenses that measure the glucose levels in diabetics' tears. If successful, the contacts could help to eliminate one of the most painful and intrusive daily routines of diabetics.
The prototype contacts are outfitted with tiny wireless chips and glucose sensors, sandwiched between two lenses. They are able to measure blood sugar levels once per second. Google is working on putting LED lights inside its lenses that would flash when those levels are too low or high.
Wear all these devices, and you can become a real-life bionic woman. Or a $6 million man -- only for much less.

Is Gothams Detective Gordon our new model copBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 23 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
In this image released by Fox, Robin Lord Taylor, left, and Ben McKenzie, are shown in a scene from “Gotham.” (AP Photo/Fox, Jessica Miglio)
When we first meet future police commissioner James Gordon (Ben McKenzie) in the pilot episode of “Gotham,” Fox’s new “Batman” prequel that premiered Monday night, he is in a tight spot. A mentally ill prisoner has seized a cop’s gun in the middle of Gotham’s police department and is holding an officer hostage in exchange for his medication. A dozen of Gordon’s colleagues have their guns drawn, ready to shoot the man. But Gordon, sensing a potential riot if that happens, manages to lull the agitated prisoner with a bottle of aspirin and get in close enough to disarm him, at great personal risk to Gordon himself.
It was a striking scene when I saw it this summer, and it is more striking now, after the shooting death of teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., and the protests that followed. Gordon’s reluctance to use deadly force in that scene, or later in a chase even when a fleeing suspect is firing a gun at him, is meant more to link Gordon to the superhero his future self will work with — Batman is famous for his antipathy to firearms  – than to make a statement about contemporary, and increasingly militarized, policing. Gotham, after all, is a fictional city out of time with our own.
But contemporary politics gave the pilot for “Gotham” a new sting, and also cut to an issue at the heart of the show: How do you tell a story about a good cop’s utter loss of faith in the ability of any conventional institutions to keep a big city safe? How can James Gordon stay a good, principled police detective, someone who shares  Sheriff Andy Taylor’s decency if not his Mayberry setting and policing challenges , while also becoming the kind of police commissioner who would choose to work with a vigilante like Batman?
“Cops deal in violence. When you start enjoying it, that’s when you’ve crossed a line,” “Gotham” showrunner Bruno Heller told me when we spoke about the show in Los Angeles in July. “[Future supervillain] Penguin (Robin Lord Taylor), for instance, is a psychopath, so feels no shame about the visceral enjoyment he gets from causing people pain. But he’s a phsyically weak person so he has to hide that love for violence behind a humble facade. [James Gordon's partner] Harvey Bullock (Donal Logue), it’s instrumental, he has learned that you need to use violence, and he’s even learned that enjoying it occasionally doesn’t make him a bad person.”
Gordon tortures himself when a situation gets so far out of control that deadly force comes into it. When Bullock kills a suspect in the murders of Thomas and Martha Wayne (Grayson McCouch and Brette Taylor), Gordon feels guilty even though he did not pull the trigger. And when it turns out that the man was framed, Gordon’s instinct is to find the real killer, while Bullock wants to leave the case alone, both for the sake of his own reputation and for Gotham’s sense that the Wayne’s murderer is safely beyond reach.
Later, when Carmine Falcone orders Gordon to kill the Penguin, Gordon fakes the murder, hoping that his deception will satisfy Falcone and his kindness will neutralize Penguin. The episode suggests that it may not have been the right choice.
As well grappling with the necessity of violence to his job and the temptations of deadly force, Gordon will have to cope with challenges to his worldview. In the pilot for “Gotham,” Gordon finds himself face-to-face with crime boss Carmine Falcone (“The Wire” veteran John Doman), who suggests that the city is actually more stable when law enforcement and organized crime achieve a truce and a balance.
While he was walking me through the scene, “Gotham” director Danny Cannon told me that “I shot [Doman] from below because I wanted him to tower over Gordon. [Falcone] needed to tower over Gordon in that his ideology needed to tower over him.”
Fox's "Gotham" serves as a prequel to "Batman"with younger versions of many of the characters, including police commissioner John Gordon, played by Ben McKenzie. Director Danny Cannon annotated this scene between Gordon and crime boss Carmine Falcone, played by John Doman. (Jayne Orenstein/The Washington Post)
“One of the great, freeing things about talking about Gotham as opposed to a real city that you can tell truths about the way society works that would be libelous or impossible to tell in the real world,” Heller told me. “Any big American city has a degree of corruption and decadence and crime that can’t be articulated. It can’t be revealed. With Gotham you can make those connections between big business and politics and crime very clear, and naked, and sensational if you like. But they are true connections. No big city works without very specific and coherent lines of communication and control between politicians, crime, big business.”
Gotham is no Mayberry. But the questions the series and James Gordon’s career raise have deadly relevance to us, in cities big and, as Ferguson showed us, small as well.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

BMO Harris apologizes for  technical glitch  in online bankingCustomers are ticked off over BMO Harris Web outage
Online, mobile banking back up at BMO Harris
Online and mobile banking at BMO Harris, which had been down since Monday because of  “an internal technical glitch,” were functioning again by midday Tuesday, the bank said.
"We apologize to our customers for the inconvenience, and we thank them for their patience,” said Patrick O’Herlihy, a spokesman for BMO Harris Bank. "We will continue to monitor our systems."
cComments
This was no Technical Glitch. This was the alarming news that came out on Friday regarding the 24BILLION lawsuite filed against BMO...Innnocent or guilty - they didn't want their customers transferring out! IF - there had not been that News Article - then, yes, I would have accepted that...
laurencohen

US will take fight to Isis  says ObamaUS says attacks on Isis could last years
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d21407a2-42c4-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

General Electric may need a breakupBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz September 23, 2014: 12:18 PM ET
 
GE is dead in the water
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Should General Electric break up into a bunch of Baby GEs?
One Wall Street analyst thinks so.
In a harshly worded research note last week, Barclays analyst Scott Davis wrote that "GE and CEO Jeff Immelt have failed to capture the attention of investors," adding that many big mutual funds appear to have "thrown in the towel" on the stock.
GE ( GE ) is the worst performing stock in the Dow Jones Industrial Average this year, down 7%.
It has lagged the Dow and S&P 500 over the past 12 months as well.
Davis thinks GE needs to do something drastic to convince investors that the stock is worth owning. He proposes a "full AT&T style break-up" for the company, referring to AT&T ( T , Tech30 )'s split into seven Baby Bells in 1982. (Funny how that worked out though. The company now known as AT&T consists of four of the old Baby Bells it was forced to sell.)
Of course, the Ma Bell restructuring was done because the government ruled that AT&T was a monopoly. If GE were to break up (even though it's hard to do if you believe Neil Sedaka) it would be because investors demand it.
AT&T broke up into Baby Bells in the early 1980s. Could General Electric give birth to Baby GEs?
What could a slimmed down GE look like?
Davis wants the company to completely shed all parts of its GE Capital business. GE has already taken some steps in that regard. It spun off its credit card unit Synchrony Financial ( SYF ) in July. (Synchrony has outperformed GE since the spin-off.)
Davis said that spinning off GE's medical devices business should be on the table, too. Basically, anything that's not part of GE's global infrastructure related divisions (think energy, aviation and transportation) could be fair game to go.
That even includes the company's small, but iconic, lighting business. I'm not sure GE would ever part with that though, unless it wanted to abandon the brand name entirely.
Related: GE is one of seven companies that keep more than $50B offshore
Davis argues that a pure play GE healthcare company could probably trade at a higher valuation on a standalone basis. It could be valued more like Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ ), Stryker ( SYK ) or Medtronic ( MDT ).
Will investors be on board with a breakup? Perhaps. Since GE is such a behemoth, it is unlikely to attract the attention of an activist/corporate raider like Carl Icahn, Bill Ackman or Dan Loeb. But buy-and-hold mutual funds have to be frustrated with GE"s underperformance.
Davis said in his report that he informally surveyed many of the 30 largest mutual funds this summer about GE and that the response he got from portfolio managers was that the company was "uninvestable, unmanageable, too complicated, too diverse, too slow."
He thinks that some of these investors may be shunning GE in favor of smaller conglomerates such as 3M and Honeywell. (Ironically, GE and Honeywell had an agreement to merge in 2000 but regulators shot down the deal.)
Related: GE wades into cyber security
Davis added that the company's earnings reports are so confusing that it takes him days to fully digest them -- and he gets paid to do so. If Davis is scratching his head, why should the rest of us have any confidence about the company's financials?
GE declined to comment on the Barclays report.
Still, you have to wonder if GE is just doing the best with the cards it has. To be fair, the company already has taken several steps -- besides the Synchrony spin-off -- to streamline.
In 2004, GE spun off its life and mortgage insurance company Genworth Financial ( GNW ). In 2007, GE disappointed fans of "The Graduate" by getting out of the plastics business. It sold that division to Saudi Arabian firm Sabic for $11.6 billion.
And in the biggest deal of all, GE last year completed the sale of its media division NBCUniversal to Comcast ( CMCSA ). That transaction valued NBCUniversal at nearly $40 billion.
Immelt has also made two notable moves this year to further de-emphasize its older businesses and bulk up on the infrastructure side. GE announced the sale of its appliance unit to Electrolux ( ELUXY ) for $3.3 billion earlier this month. That comes on the heels of GE's plans to buy the power generation division of French conglomerate Alstom ( ALSMY ). GE outbid Siemens ( SIEGY ) in the process.
 
General Electric's $17 billion deal
So while it's true that Immelt has not been as big a hit with investors as his predecessor, the legendary Jack Welch, it's not accurate to say that GE has become more bloated under his watch either.
And Davis, despite his critiques, is admittedly still a bull on GE's stock. He rates it "outperform" and says that it is worth buying due to its valuation, dividend and a "hope" that GE management will take further steps to simplify the company.
Time will tell if these hopes become reality. But for now, it looks like any further breakup plans by GE are (to borrow GE's slogan) just "imagination at work" on the part of Davis.
First Published: September 23, 2014: 11:13 AM ET
Most Popular

SAT sets aside Sebi decision on Oracle Fin Services matterSep 23, 2014, 09.04 PM IST  | Source: PTI
SAT sets aside Sebi decision on Oracle Fin Services matter
"We make it clear that passing of our order will not come in the way of Sebi initiating any proceedings against the appellant relating to interpretation of clause 16 of the Listing Agreement and pass appropriate orders in accordance with law," SAT noted.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SAT sets aside Sebi decision on Oracle Fin Services matter
"We make it clear that passing of our order will not come in the way of Sebi initiating any proceedings against the appellant relating to interpretation of clause 16 of the Listing Agreement and pass appropriate orders in accordance with law," SAT noted.
Post your opinion here
 
Securities Appellate Tribunal today set aside a Sebi decision where it was held that  Oracle Financial Services Software violated listing norms with respect to fixing record date for interim dividend . The case relates to Sebi's decision that the time gap between book closure and record date fixed by Oracle Financial for the purpose of interim dividend was less than 30 days, in violation of clause 16 of Listing Agreement.
Finding prima facie "no merit in the contentions raised" by Sebi, the tribunal in an order today asked exchanges -- BSE and NSE -- to fix September 25 as record date for interim dividend. Earlier, the firm had decided the record date as September 24. "We make it clear that passing of our order will not come in the way of Sebi initiating any proceedings against the appellant relating to interpretation of clause 16 of the Listing Agreement and pass appropriate orders in accordance with law," SAT noted.
Oracle Financial had declared book closure for the period from September 8-12. On September 8, the company had intimated stock exchanges that during the shareholders' meeting -- on September 12 -- an interim dividend would be declared. An interim dividend of Rs 485 per share was declared and record date in this regard was fixed as September 24, while payment date was to be September 29.
On the basis of clause 16 -- whereby the time gap between a book closure and a record date should be 30 days -- exchanges referred the matter to Sebi. Sebi, on September 19, informed the bourses that the record date fixed by Oracle Financial was in violation of clause 16. The same was communicated to the company, which then approached SAT. In its order, the tribunal noted that provision contained in clause 16 referred to 30 days time gap between two book closures and two record dates and not between a book closure and a record date.
"... the very fact that the word two is used prior to the words book closures is suggestive of the fact that the time gap is intended between two book closures and two record dates and not between a book closure and a record date," SAT said. Noting that it had been already announced that dividend would be paid on September 29, "it is difficult to envisage as to how the investor interest would be jeopardised if record date is fixed as September 24 and payments are made on September 29".
However, taking into consideration the difficulty for BSE to update the trading system within such a short time, SAT has decided to keep the record date as September 25.
"We make it clear that passing of our order will not come in the way of Sebi initiating any proceedings against the appellant relating to interpretation of clause 16 of the Listing Agreement and pass appropriate orders in accordance with law," the tribunal said.
Oracle Fin Serv stock price
On November 21, 2014, Oracle Financial Services Software closed at Rs 3300.05, up Rs 10.00, or 0.30 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 4179.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 2775.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 138.71 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 23.79. The latest book value of the company is Rs 999.74 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.30.
RELATED NEWS

Magna to set up two new auto component plants in GujaratSep 23, 2014, 08.47 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Magna to set up two new auto component plants in Gujarat
At one of the new Sanand facilities, Magna will make complete seat systems for a leading automaker, the company said without disclosing the identity.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Magna to set up two new auto component plants in Gujarat
At one of the new Sanand facilities, Magna will make complete seat systems for a leading automaker, the company said without disclosing the identity.
Post your opinion here
 
Canadian auto component maker Magna International Inc will set up two new plants at Sanand in Gujarat as part of its expansion in India. The company, however, did not disclose the investment to be made on the two new plants. "While the new plants reflect business awards for vehicle programs built off global-platforms, they also help position Magna for further growth in India as vehicle production expands," the company said in a statement on its website.
At one of the new Sanand facilities, Magna will make complete seat systems for a leading automaker, the company said without disclosing the identity. The 2,15,000-square-foot plant will employ approximately 200 people and is expected to begin volume production in 2015, it added. he second new facility in Sanand will manufacture body and chassis systems for multiple customers. The 3,56,000-square-foot plant will employ approximately 400 people and also expects to begin volume production in 2015, it said.
Commenting on the development, Magna Asia Chief Marketing Officer and President Jim Tobin said: "Magna's growth in markets such as India reflects our customers' need for world-class, innovative suppliers. With almost a million square feet of capacity now installed in India, we believe we are extremely well-positioned to support the increasing vehicle production forecast for the Indian automotive industry."
Magna currently has a 279,000-square-foot body and chassis plant in Pune which performs blanking, stamping, forming, as well as welding and assembly on programs for customers such as General Motors, Volkswagen, Tata Motors and Mahindra & Mahindra. It also has a 225,000-square-foot body and chassis plant in Chennai, which performs stamping, welding and assembly for customers such as Ford and Nissan in India, as well as customers outside India.
The company has a seating design and engineering centre in Pune and a vacuum pump manufacturing facility in Bangalore, serving customers such as Maruti Suzuki, Honda Cars India, Mahindra & Mahindra, Renault-Nissan and Tata Motors. It also has three engineering centres for various parts in Bangalore, Chennai and Pune which provide its customers in India broad product and process expertise on a local basis, as well as global program coordination. Magna currently employs 1,600 people. With the two new Sanand facilities, Magna will have 11 manufacturing locations and four engineering centres. Earlier in the day, Magna had announced formation of a 50:50 JV with Tata AutoComp Systems to provide seating systems to the commercial vehicle industry in India.
RELATED NEWS

Jet to expand international operations from NovemberSep 23, 2014, 08.43 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Jet to expand international operations from November
"Besides, the carrier also plans to introduce a flight on the Pune-Abu Dhabi route and its schedule is being finalised," Jet Airways said, adding that the launch will depend upon availability of slot at both the airports.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jet to expand international operations from November
"Besides, the carrier also plans to introduce a flight on the Pune-Abu Dhabi route and its schedule is being finalised," Jet Airways said, adding that the launch will depend upon availability of slot at both the airports.
Post your opinion here
 
Private carrier  Jet Airways today said it will expand international operations from November with a view to provide connectivity from four more Indian cities to Abu Dhabi and other international destinations. Jet Airways' will launch flight services from Ahmedabad, Goa and Lucknow to Abu Dhabi and beyond from November 14, the airline said in a release.
"Besides, the carrier also plans to introduce a flight on the Pune-Abu Dhabi route and its schedule is being finalised," Jet Airways said, adding that the launch will depend upon availability of slot at both the airports. These cities are fast developing with growing importance in the business world and flyers from these smaller metros can now enjoy a direct seamless connectivity from home cities to Abu Dhabi.
Also Read: AirAsia offers 1.5mn promo seats, starting at Rs 690
From Abu Dhabi, these passengers will be able to fly directly to international destinations like Brussels, Manchester, Dusseldorf, Dublin, Belgrade, Moscow, Milan, Frankfurt, Munich and Paris in Europe and Washington, Los Angeles and Chicago in North America with the introduction of these flights, the release said.
The addition of these new flights will further strengthen the Jet Airways' growing international network and significantly enhance international flight connectivity to the Gulf and beyond to North America, Europe and Africa with its strategic partner, Etihad Airways, it said.
Jet Airways stock price
On November 21, 2014, Jet Airways closed at Rs 261.10, up Rs 2.30, or 0.89 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 328.65 and the 52-week low was Rs 203.50.
The latest book value of the company is Rs -196.11 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was -1.33.
RELATED NEWS

Murli Industries nominee director Alok Srivastava resignsSep 23, 2014, 08.47 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Murli Industries nominee director Alok Srivastava resigns
Murli Industries has informed that pursuant to the letter dated August 28, 2014 from Shri Alok Srivastava regarding resignation from the post of Nominee Director from the Board of Directors of the Company. He was nominated as nominee director of Punjab National Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Murli Industries nominee director Alok Srivastava resigns
Murli Industries has informed that pursuant to the letter dated August 28, 2014 from Shri Alok Srivastava regarding resignation from the post of Nominee Director from the Board of Directors of the Company. He was nominated as nominee director of Punjab National Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
Murli Industries Ltd has informed BSE that pursuant to the letter dated August 28, 2014 from Shri Alok Srivastava regarding resignation from the post of Nominee Director from the Board of Directors of the Company. He was nominated as nominee director of Punjab National Bank.Since the services of Shri. Alok Srivastava were transferred to the Head Office, Punjab National Bank, New Delhi, he was unable to continue as the Nominee Director on the Board of the Company.Source : BSE

Kirloskar Brothers Investments  director Nihal Kulkarni resignsSep 23, 2014, 08.47 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kirloskar Brothers Investments' director Nihal Kulkarni resigns
Kirloskar Brothers Investments has informed that Mr. Nihal Kulkarni, Director of the Company has tendered his resignation from the post of directorship of the Company with immediate effect.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kirloskar Brothers Investments' director Nihal Kulkarni resigns
Kirloskar Brothers Investments has informed that Mr. Nihal Kulkarni, Director of the Company has tendered his resignation from the post of directorship of the Company with immediate effect.
Post your opinion here
 
Kirloskar Brothers Investments Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Nihal Kulkarni, Director of the Company has tendered his resignation from the post of directorship of the Company with immediate effect.Source : BSE

Textiles Minister to meet state ministers on new textile policy on WednesdaySep 23, 2014 at 08:58pm IST
Textiles Minister to meet state ministers on new textile policy on Wednesday
8
0
New Delhi: Textiles Minister Santosh Gangwar will deliberate upon measures to increase production, boost exports and generate employment in the textiles sector at a meeting with state ministers on Wednesday. The annual conference with state textiles ministers will discuss the suggestions received from states for framing the new textiles policy.
"The state ministers of textiles will also be asked to emphasise on ways to generate productive employment opportunity for the youth through the textile sector. Stress should also be laid on inclusive and participative growth; skill, scale and speed; Zero Defect-Zero Effect and Make in India brand," an official release said.
"All state governments and union territories had been asked to give their views and suggestions for necessary action to be taken. These views and suggestions would be looked upon in the conference tomorrow," it added.
"The state ministers of textiles will also be asked to emphasise on ways to generate productive employment opportunity for the youth through the textile sector," an official release said.
The draft blueprint of the new National Textiles Policy termed as 'Vision, Strategy and Action Plan' envisages an additional investment of $120 billion, aims to achieve $300 billion exports by 2024-25, and create additional 35
million jobs by attracting investments.
The key objectives of the new National Textiles Policy include developing a vision statement of the textile sector for the next decade to treble market share from the current 4 per cent in the next decade.
Keeping in view the various changes in the textile industry on the domestic and international fronts and the need for a road map for the textile & apparel industry, Ministry of Textiles had initiated the process of reviewing the National Textile Policy, 2000.
Government aims to formulate a new improved Textile Policy to address concerns of adequate skilled work force, labour reforms, attract investments in the textile sector, and to provide a future road map for the textile and clothing
industry.
India's textiles and clothing industry is one of the
mainstays of the national economy. It is also one of the
largest contributing sectors of India's exports contributing
nearly 13.25 per cent of the country's total exports basket.
The textiles sector has realised export earnings worth
USD 41.57 billion in 2013-14. PTI RSN
KSR

Government to exempt vessels carrying exim cargo from duty on fuelSep 23, 2014 at 08:39pm IST
Government to exempt vessels carrying exim cargo from duty on fuel
3
1
New Delhi: In a bid to boost coastal trade, the government has decided to exempt vessels carrying exim cargo from paying customs duty on marine fuel, a top official said on Tuesday.
"A decision has been taken that the coastal vessels which are carrying exim cargo or containers will be given duty free fuel ... It suddenly cuts down fuel cost in coastal shipping," Shipping Secretary Vishwapati Trivedi said.
The country at present levies about 25 per cent customs duty on marine fuel.
"A decision has been taken that the coastal vessels which are carrying exim cargo or containers will be given duty free fuel," Shipping Secretary Vishwapati Trivedi said.
#tracking the modi government #vishwapati trivedi #ficci #fuel
Removal of tax would draw big container ships to Indian coasts which is spread across 7,500 km area, Trivedi said.
The quick decision making in the current policy scenario of the current government has been very encouraging for the shipping industry, he said addressing a FICCI summit on infrastructure.
Trivedi said that there was also a need to shift the huge amount of transshipment through Indian coastline instead of the present practice of transshipment via Colombo.
Earlier the PMO had asked the shipping ministry to suggest ways to increase transshipment cargo movement in the country and reduce instances of containers offloading in Colombo.
About 60 per cent of India's exports and imports containers are transshipped through ports like Singapore and Colombo. This transshipment through ports outside the country involves an additional expenditure of $300 per container and an extra 7-10 days of transit time.
5

Dozens Of Iraq Soldiers Killed Or Missing After Clashes With ISISClashes Between Iraqi Soldiers And Islamic State Leave Dozens Dead And Missing
 | By                                                                QASSIM ABDUL-ZAHRA and BRAM JANSSEN
Posted:
reddit
BAGHDAD (AP) — Islamic State militants disguised in Iraqi army uniforms and driving stolen Humvees killed at least 40 Iraqi soldiers and captured 68 others in western Anbar province, breaking through a deteriorating Iraqi military offensive in an area where the United States recently broadened its airstrike campaign.
The wave of suicide bombings dealt a heavy blow to government efforts to rein in the militants, whose rampage has seized much of the country's north and west — even as the U.S. and its allies began training Iraq's Kurdish peshmerga fighters to bolster their ability to battle the Sunni extremists.
The attacks Sunday targeted troops stationed at Camp Saqlawiyah near the town of Sijir, 45 miles (70 kilometers) west of Baghdad. There has been no contact with the 68 captured Iraqi soldiers, who were believed to have been taken to the nearby city of Fallujah, an Islamic State stronghold, said Gen. Rasheed Fleih.
After the attacks, the Iraqi military withdrew 700 more troops stationed in the area, he said.
Following battlefield successes in both Iraq and neighboring Syria, Islamic State fighters, among them many Iraqi nationals, have re-entered Iraq through Anbar province, engaging in fierce battles with the Iraqi military. In this Sunni-majority territory, the group has quickly capitalized on long-standing grievances against the Shiite-led government in Baghdad, earning support from local populations.
Iraq's new Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said in a statement Monday that his government is committed to reinforcing military and police forces in Anbar and will increase airstrikes to target the pockets of militant fighters across the province. Last week, he declared an end to the shelling of towns where militants are suspected of hiding, so as not to rile the local populations.
Meanwhile, the U.S. military said Monday that airstrikes on Islamic State targets southwest of the oil-rich northern city of Kirkuk destroyed two military vehicles and a tank and damaged a Humvee, bringing the total U.S. strikes on the militants to 190 since the aerial campaign began on Aug. 8.
Backed by the U.S. airstrikes, Iraqi and Kurdish security forces have retaken the strategic Mosul Dam and several small towns. However, serious challenges remain since many Islamic State fighters are operating from cities with large civilian populations, such as Fallujah and Mosul.
In northern Iraq, meanwhile, the U.S. and its allies began training Kurdish peshmerga forces to enhance their ability to fight the Sunni extremists.
Helgurd Hikmet, general director of the ministry overseeing the Kurdish forces, said that France, Italy and Germany were among countries providing training in the use of the new machine guns, mortars, rockets and demining robots the Kurdish fighters have received.
The U.S. forces are part of the advise-and-assist teams that have been in Irbil, the provincial capital of the semi-autonomous Iraqi Kurdish region, for several weeks. The U.S. has also provided equipment against roadside bombs and other sophisticated artillery to the Kurdish fighters.
Last week, the French joined in the aerial campaign, and a number of European countries have committed to arming the Kurds and providing humanitarian support for more than a million people displaced by the onslaught of the Islamic State group.
The Islamic State group's spokesman, Abu Mohammed al-Adnani, said that the Islamic extremists were ready to battle a U.S.-led military coalition and called on Muslims worldwide to kill civilians of nations that join the campaign.
"If you can, kill a disbelieving American or European — especially the spiteful and filthy French — or an Australian, or a Canadian, or any other disbeliever from the disbelievers waging war, including the citizens of the countries that joined a coalition against the Islamic State," al-Adnani said in an audio statement released Sunday.
Late Monday, meanwhile, a car bomb exploded in a commercial district of eastern Baghdad, killing 12 people and wounding at least 28 others, police and hospital officials said.
The attack brought the day's death toll in and around Baghdad to 26. A bombing and a shooting earlier in the day killed seven, while a midday bomb in a commercial street in Baghdad's southwestern district of Bayaa killed four people and wounded 13, according to police officials. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to release the information.
Also, just north of Baghdad, gunmen broke into the house of an anti-militant Sunni fighter, killing his two sons and a daughter, the police said. The Sunni fighter was wounded, along with his wife. He was a member of Sahwa, a Sunni militia that joined U.S. troops in the fight against Iraq's al-Qaida branch at the height of Iraq's insurgency in 2007 and 2008.
___
Janssen reported from Irbil, Iraq. Associated Press writers Sameer N. Yacoub and Vivian Salama in Baghdad contributed to this report.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

ICFAI Business School faculty wins The Case Centre  UK AwardICFAI Business School faculty wins The Case Centre, UK Award
OUR BUREAU
Debapratim Purkayastha and Adapa Srinivasa Rao receiving `The Case Centre awards' from Richard McCracken, Director, The Case Centre.
New Delhi, Sep. 23:  
ICFAI Business School (IBS), Hyderabad's faculty members - Debapratim Purkayastha and Adapa Srinivasa Rao have won the prestigious Case Award in ‘knowledge, information and communication systems management’ category recently at an event held at the IIM Bangalore campus.
The Case Awards is organised by the UK based The Case Centre, which houses world’s largest repository of case studies. Purkayastha and Rao won the award for the case study titled ‘Digital Marketing at Nike: from communication to dialogue’. The case focuses on how global sportswear giant Nike leveraged information and communication technology to win in a hyper-competitive market.
The case study 'Building A Business From Nature: Kari W Block’s Entrepreneurial Journey' by G.V. Muralidhara of IBS Hyderabad also won the ‘Best Case Award’ in The Case Centre's ‘Entrepreneurship’ category. The case chronicles the entrepreneurial journey of Kari W Block, the founder & CEO of Earth-Kind Inc., an US based company that provided a non-messy, environmentally-friendly solution to the rodent menace.
London Business School’s Nirmalya Kumar, who is also a member of the Group Executive Council of Tata Sons won the ‘outstanding contribution to the Case Method Award’ at the same event.
This year’s winners in other categories include entries from Harvard Business School, IMD, INSEAD, London Business School, Ivey Business School, and Darden School of Business.
IBS' Case Research Center has won several international recognition in the past for its cases. These cases are used by management institutions around the world that use the case method.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

NetJets secures China licence© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1da056f2-4320-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

White tiger kills youth who jumped into its enclosure at Delhi zooTiger kills youth who jumped inside its enclosure at Delhi zoo
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 14:47 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:51 IST(25/9/2014)
A white tiger attacked and killed a young man who appeared to have jumped over a barricade into an enclosure at the Delhi zoo on Tuesday, officials said.
White tiger at Delhi zoo corners a boy before killing him. (PTI Photo)
Witnesses said the tiger grabbed the young man by the neck as horrified onlookers at the National Zoological Park near Sundar Nagar screamed and threw sticks and stones to try and save him.
Television footage showed the frightened man crouching against a wall as the tiger stared into his face.
One witness said he raced to the enclosure after hearing screams to see the victim locked in the tiger's jaws, “writhing badly in pain”.
Read: Crocodile attacks man at Bhopal's Kaliasot dam
The deceased was identified as Maqsood, a factory worker and resident of central Delhi’s Anand Parbat. His parents said the 19-year-old was mentally ill and addicted to bhang.
Despite repeated warnings that he shouldn't get too close to the outdoor enclosure, Maqsood eventually climbed over a knee-high fence, through some small hedges, then jumped down 18 feet into a protective moat, said zoo director Amitabh Agnihotri.
The enclosed space is separated from visitors by a concrete ditch, with shrubs on the tiger’s side followed by a two-foot railing.
Read: He told me he’d be back for dinner, says mother
Raw Video: 'Mar gaya", onlooker's chilling remark as tiger mauls youth in Delhi zoo
Authorities eventually frightened the tiger into a small cage inside the enclosure. Maqsood, whose body remained in the outdoor enclosure two hours after the attack, was dead by the time help reached him.
“The tiger was just being a tiger," said Belinda Wright, who has spent years working to protect India's dwindling numbers of wild tigers. "An unusual object fell into his domain. ... He's a wild animal in captivity. It is certainly not the tiger's fault.”
The zoo did have tranquiliser guns, said manager Riaz Khan. “But by the time we could arrange them, the man was dead.”
 
The zoo authorities have been booked for causing death by negligence, police said.
Six years ago an inebriated man fell into a lioness’ enclosure but the big cat spared his life, zoo officials said.
India is home to 1,706 Royal Bengal tigers and fewer than 100 white tigers, according to the last census in 2011. All the white tigers are in captivity.
(With agency inputs)

Govt sees substantive outcome from PM s US visitGovt sees substantive outcome from PM s US visit
Capital First to issue NCDsCapital First to issue NCDs
Congress demands withdrawal of hike in circle ratesCongress demands withdrawal of hike in circle rates
Singh reaches Bangalore to witness success of Mars missionSingh reaches Bangalore to witness success of Mars mission
Use management skills for collective good: Kiran BediLeadership lessons from the former IPS officer, Kiran Bedi.
Former top cop speaks to students of ICFAI University, Hyderabad 
Chennai, Sept. 23:  
The auditorium at the Hyderabad-based ICFAI University was spilling over with students, who grabbed every single spot, including the stage itself, to learn leadership lessons from the former IPS officer, Kiran Bedi.
If gratitude to the country can drive the youth to take initiative and leadership, then the future of the country is in safe hands, said Bedi, who was speaking on ‘Leadership, management and governance in nation building’.
Leadership or its absence is the critical aspect which makes or mars the course of a nation, said Bedi according to a press release from the university. Bedi was invited to the ICFAI campus for the talk conducted by 'Newswire', a student club of the ICFAI Business School.
In her interaction with the students, Bedi encouraged them (students) to use their management skills for the collective good of fellow countrymen. She was clear that often corruption may be facilitated by the political and bureaucratic leadership, but the private sector also plays a significant role in abetting corruption. Bedi urged the students to show leadership in fighting corruption whether they chose to be bureaucrats or they join the private sector.
Corruption is not just about swindling money, but is also about any form of abuse of power, Bedi said. According to her, corruption primarily is a distortion, and a malaise that affects the efficient working of systems.
She encouraged the students to use their youthful energy to first study and understand the problems of those who come to them and then use the skills they are acquiring in the University to systematically and professionally address them. Citing instances from her own personal and professional life, she tried to convince the students that no obstacle is large enough to stop a determined leader who is sure of his or her calling.
Kiran Bedi’s interaction with the students was witnessed by Mrs Sobha Rani Yasaswy, the President of the ICFAI Society, Prof J Mahender Reddy, the Vice-Chancellor, Directors, Deans and Faculty Members.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Cong  NCP still working on formulaCong, NCP still working on formula
Our Bureau/Agencies
Sonia-Sharad Pawar meet tomorrow may finally do the trick
New Delhi/Mumbai, September 23:  
With the BJP and the Shiv Sena inching towards sealing a seat-sharing deal, the Congress and the NCP are looking to shed their differences.
Sources in both the parties said a decision on the seat-sharing formula will be worked out before Thursday. A meeting between the top leaders of both the parties — Sonia Gandhi and Sharad Pawar — is likely to take place on Thursday.
While the NCP wants 144 seats, the Congress is not ready to give more than 124 seats to its ally.
Congress and NCP leaders did meet in Mumbai on Tuesday, but the talks were “inconclusive.”
Senior Congress leader Narayan Rane told reporters that the two sides have decided to meet again as “no solution could be arrived at.”
Apart from Ajit Pawar, NCP leaders Praful Patel and Sunil Tatkare attended the meeting.
Intensive efforts are on to resolve the seat-sharing deadlock and salvage the 15-year-old alliance. State Congress chief Manikrao Thakre, who was present at the meeting, also said the “talks were inconclusive.”
Consider tactics
“As the BJP and the Shiv Sena have decided to continue with their alliance, the NCP should reconsider its tactic.
“If it wants to strengthen the secular base of the State, it should continue the alliance with the Congress,” a senior Congress leader said. Congress circles have been maintaining that the issue with the alliance is not the number of seats, but the political ambitions of Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar.
The party has been maintaining that it is ready for negotiations on the number of seats.
“As far as the Congress party is concerned, we are fully hopeful, we want an alliance and we hope that it will be done. But finally if it does not materialise, then we are competent enough to stand on our own and contest,” party spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi had said on Monday.
Daring the BJP to name its leader for Maharashtra polls, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday took a jibe at the party for seeking votes in Narendra Modi’s name when it will be the CM and not the PM who will be taking day-to-day decisions in the State.
Name your CM: Chavan
Chavan further said the Congress “may drop” some MLAs if there is public anger against them and more opportunities would be given to youth and women.
At the same time, he made it clear that this would not be done at the cost of those who have nurtured their constituency, indicating that the upcoming candidate list of Maharashtra would be a mix of experience and youth.
Modi is expected to aggressively campaign for the October 15 polls in the State and BJP is hoping that the it will build on its Lok Sabha gains when the BJP-Sena combine bagged 42 out of 48 seats.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

Samajwadi Party seeks to build a platform of socialist partiesSamajwadi Party seeks to build a platform of socialist parties
AM Jigeesh
The recent by-elections win has spurred the party into forming a nationwide anti-BJP grouping.
New Delhi, September 23:  
The national convention of the Samajwadi Party (SP), scheduled to be held in Lucknow, will have more on its agenda than the re-election of Mulayam Singh Yadav as its president.
Buoyed at the unexpected victory in by-elections, the party wants to strengthen the opposition against the Narendra Modi Government at the Centre. For this, it is dusting out Yadav’s pet concept of socialist unity.
A top SP leader who is holding negotiations with various socialist splinter groups said the national conference will give a direction to the future course of “Samajwadi Politics” in the country. “Leaders like HD Deve Gowda are in touch with us. Mulayam Singh Yadav is talking to all senior socialist leaders such as Lalu Prasad Yadav and Nitish Kumar. We are sure of forming a grand platform of socialist parties at the national level,” the leader added.
The party had appreciated the decision of the Rashtriya Janata Dal and the Janata Dal (United) to contest the Bihar by-elections together. “Socialist parties are a big force in the country. The need of the hour is our unity,” the leader said and added that the SP will take the lead in this.
He said the by-election results proved that the BJP can be challenged effectively on the ground.
“Of course, we were in a state of shock after the Lok Sabha elections. But the by-poll results gave us a different picture.
“In some seats, where we had gone third in 2011 despite an Akhilesh Yadav wave, our performance was unpredicted. The people want us. A big section of the BSP voters has also voted for us,” the SP leader added.
Course corrections
The leader further said the SP has already made course corrections. “We made several changes in the Government. We are sure that people will continue to accept the pro-poor policies of the SP Government. Organisational changes will be made in the national convention,” the leader added.
The party is all set to launch protests against the China policy of the Centre.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

US rate policy questioned by debt marketTreasury market cuts US inflation outlook
By Michael Mackenzie
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0b3b21d4-429b-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SAP Will Buy Concur Technologies for $7.36 billionsap will buy concur technologies for $7.36 billion
Desperate Fishermen Driven to Piracy by  Flag Hoppersdesperate fishermen driven to piracy by  flag hoppers
BJP Shiv Sena alliancetruce...    Cached
Watch the video Shiv Sena-BJP truce ahead of Winter Session on Yahoo India. It was an alliance that stood the test of time, but in the run up to Maharashtra polls BJP ...

To Reunify Korea  Start From Kaesongreddit
The two Koreas seem at an impasse. In March Park Geun-hye's Dresden speech held out a hand of friendship. Brusquely dismissing this, North Korea showered insults on the South's President.
Fortunately rhetoric is not the whole reality. For over a decade, one project has shown how both Koreas can cooperate to their mutual gain. The joint venture Kaesong Industrial Complex (KIC), a short drive from Seoul just across the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), has weathered many storms.
In May 2010 Seoul banned trade and investment with Pyongyang after the sinking of the warship Cheonan, but wisely exempted Kaesong. Last year when the North pulled out its 55,000 workers, President Park patiently negotiated the KIC's reopening under a new joint management structure.
Since 2005, this potent combination of Southern capital and technology with Northern discipline and diligence has produced goods worth US$2.3 billion and generated US$9.45 billion in trade, according to Seoul's unification ministry (MOU) last month. Yet it could achieve much more.
Workers in Kaesung Industrial Complex in North Korea busy at the production line. © Pooled photos by South Korean photojournalists
As originally conceived, Kaesong would have hosted 250 Southern companies (twice the current total) by 2007. Planned expansion envisaged as many as 700,000 Northern workers by 2012.
Both Koreas need to recover that early ambition. Those who think North Korea is unchanging forget the heroic risk the late Kim Jong-il took, facing down his own military to lease part of the front line to the enemy. Hoping for large-scale foreign investment, Kim invited Samsung and other major South Korean corporations to come in -- only to be thwarted by his own bureaucracy.
'Trustpolitik' is President Park's watchword, and trust is what the Koreas need most and first. To that end, each side must reconsider its past practices and offer the other a basis to move forward.
Until the North rashly withdrew its workers last year, Kaesong was mostly a sanctuary insulated from the peninsula's knotty wider issues. That status must be re-established. Southern companies need a firm guarantee from the North that business is business and will never be sabotaged again.
On that basis Seoul should let another joint venture restart. The Mount Kumgang resort on North Korea's southeast coast saw 1.9 million Southern visitors in the decade to 2008, when the South suspended tours after a straying tourist was shot. That was tragic, but the eight-year impasse has benefitted no one. Like Kaesong, Kumgang was a win-win project overall. It is time to try again.
Once it is clear Seoul means business, Pyongyang will reciprocate. Kim Jong-un recently created a dozen new special economic zones, but given North Korea's reputation he will find few takers. Not wishing to become yet more dependant on China, South Korea is his only realistic option.
For South Korean companies the North's advantages are obvious. Language, labor, logistics and location are all favorable. North Korea' educated but underemployed workforce, vast amounts of underutilized land, and worn-out infrastructure and plant are all opportunities for Southern firms.
A precedent lies close at hand. Cross-straits politics are as fraught as Korea's, yet for 25 years China and Taiwan have forged business ties. Deepening economic integration has helped reduce tensions. The two Koreas could learn much from such a pragmatic, long-term strategic approach.
It is ironic and tragic that Samsung et al. have large operations all over Asia, not least in China - yet none on their doorstep in North Korea. This can and must change, to all Koreans' benefit.
Panorama view of Kaesong Industrial Complex in North Korea. © Pooled photos by South Korean photojournalists
Criticisms that this rewards Pyongyang's misbehavior miss the point. Of course UN Security Council sanctions must be observed. But expanding Kaesong and resuming Kumgang are small beer: Those few extra dollars won't buy Kim any new bombs or major missiles. It's worth a try.
Two further arguments. Existing policy towards North Korea isn't working: on the nuclear issue, human rights and much else. We need to try another tack, more long-term and imaginative.
Second, South Korea has a unique responsibility. As we Koreans say, Uri nara: It's our country. While careful to treat the North as a partner -- and to insist that they equally respect the existing Southern state -- we both know that between us it's different, because we are the same people.
Both North and South Korea see unification as their goal. That will take time, and a road-map - which must be a shared one. The obvious way forward is to build on what works. Kaesong works. By expanding it and creating other Kaesongs, we can show North Korea two things. First, we are sincere. And second, win-win is better than confrontation. Kim Jong-un has promised his people that they need no longer tighten their belts. Only with South Korean help can he deliver that.
Pyongyang will remain a tough and sometimes tiresome partner. Yet we must not let irritation over minor issues distract us from long-term goals. South Korea's retreat in recent years has left China dominant over the North's economy. With Russia and even Japan forging fresh links with North Korea, Seoul can ill afford to be a laggard. The challenge for President Park Geun-hye is not only to deal South Korea back into the Northern game, but to take - and keep - the lead role.
___________________
The author is chairman of JoongAng Media Network -- one of South Korea's leading media groups, including the prestigious JoongAng Ilbo daily and a former South Korean ambassador to the United States.
More:

India China border stand-offstand-off-ends/ar-BB6IJ5Q    Cached
The border standoff between India and China ended on Tuesday with both Beijing and New Delhi announcing a withdrawal of troops from the disputed area. A meeting of ...

NCP Congress Maharashtrawww.ncp.org.in    Cached
Daily & latest socio - political insights from the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) that highlight the extensive work done by the party workers for the country
www.ncp-maharashtra.in    Cached
The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) (Marathi: ... is a centre to centre left political party primarily based in the state of Maharashtra, India.

Sierra Leone lockdown endleone-celebrates...    Cached
Sierra Leone was on lockdown for the past weekend as part of a national effort to stop the spread of Ebola. On Monday, it didn't take long for residents of Sierra ...
www.thesierraleonetelegraph.com/?p=7501    Cached
The Sierra Leone Telegraph: 21 September 2014. With just hours remaining before the end of the Ebola lockdown in Sierra Leone, this evening there are reports from ...

Kaun Banega Crorepati 2014kbctv.in    Cached
Kaun Banega Crorepati Season 8 2014 Online Registration , KBC Registration By SMS , KBC Registration Question 2014, KBC 2014 On Sony TV, KBC 5 Crore Game By
www.kaunbanegacrorepati2014.in    Cached
Kaun Banega crorepati 2014 Session 8 starting soon where people can win 7 crore na can will daily 1 lakhs Ghar baithe jeeto jackpot question. Get all Kaun Banega ...

Stop the NFL s Tax Scamreddit
The NFL's history of protecting thugs and hiding brain injuries is inexcusable. But the real outrage is that taxpayers are funding the construction of coliseums so that bruisers can smash each other in the mouth and billionaires can get richer.
Minnesota taxpayers paid $506 million so child beater Adrian Peterson could play in a new stadium. Zygi Wilf bought the Vikings in 2005 for $600 million, and with a new stadium under construction, his team is now worth over a billion dollars. Wilf can thank Minnesota taxpayers for that extra value.
Local, state and federal taxpayers all subsidize NFL billionaires to build new stadiums. Bloomberg News reported in 2012 that the NFL's stadium building spree would cost the U.S. $4 billion in federal tax dollars. That's billion, with a "B."
Accused wife beater, running back Jonathan Dwyer is out of the Arizona Cardinals lineup, and Arizona taxpayers are out millions to build a stadium for the Cardinals. According to Bloomberg, tax exemptions for the Cardinals are $125.9 million.
How does this work? Local governments can issue tax-free bonds to build schools, courthouses, roads, or other projects that benefit the people. NFL owners convince states and municipalities to establish quasi-public organizations so that they can also issue tax-free bonds to build new stadiums. These "public benefit" corporations issue bonds for the owners, and instead of paying taxes to benefit the public the NFL owners pocket the cash.
For example, the Maryland Stadium Authority was created to bring football to Baltimore, where the behavior of Ravens players like Ray Rice and Ray Lewis is infamous.
When Jerry Jones, who is worth $2.7 billion, wanted to build a new stadium for the Dallas Cowboys, the city of Arlington, TX, issued tax-fee bonds to build "Jerry World." Locals and visitors also help Jerry because the city raised the sales tax, the hotel tax and the car rental tax to fund the stadium.
Another benefit to Jerry Jones was outlined last year in The Atlantic Monthly, "How the NFL Fleeces Taxpayers," where Greg Easterbook wrote: "At the basic property-tax rate of Arlington, Texas, where the stadium is located, Cowboys owner Jerry Jones would owe at least $6 million a year in property taxes." Instead, the property taxes of average people were raised to make up the difference. And according to Bloomberg, to pay for this palace in Dallas, "the subsidy to bondholders will be $65.3 million over 29 years."
The Dallas Cowboys are now worth $3.2 billion. Jerry Jones should send each and every taxpayer a thank you note.
This is why NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell made $44.2 million last year. He negotiates deals to put more money in owners' pockets. The NFL claims these deadly coliseums help local communities. Don't buy it.
The NFL's lax approach to concussions and brain damage shows that the league doesn't care about players either. NFL owners make billions throwing gladiators to the lions. Nothing sells like blood and guts on the field. And if the violence spills over into the gladiators' private lives, owners accepted it. That is, until recently.
America is catching on.
It's horrific. Women and children are getting beaten by young men, fresh out of college, who get paid millions to get hit in the head a lot. They are college graduates, yet some of them can't speak in complete sentences when they're interviewed on television.
With taxpayers, fans and TV throwing millions at these players, they live in a fantasy world of self-importance. And now it looks like college players will get paid. Throwing more money at kids to bash their heads is not the answer. The NFL is a national tragedy that we're all vested in, football fan, or not.
It's too late for players like Ray Rice, Adrian Peterson, Jonathan Dwyer and Greg Hardy. But where does it end?
There must be a team of straight-talking coaches, professors, sociologists, medical doctors and psychologists to educate and instill a moral code into these players while they're still in college. Once they're adults, it's too late, and they must be banned from the NFL for bad behavior.
But more importantly, stop the tax-free financing of coliseums for would-be Caesars to sacrifice young men and their wives. When the Giants and Jets wanted new stadiums, New York and New Jersey taxpayers wanted no part of it. The result, MetLife Stadium where these teams play was privately financed, and the billionaires that own these teams are doing just fine.
Follow Alex Storozynski on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AlexStorozynski
More:

Quitting a Job Without Burning a Bridgereddit
Odds are good that you will change jobs multiple times during your career. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , 25-34 year-olds spend approximately three years in a job before moving on. Given this timeframe, knowing the right way to quit can leave relationships intact and may actually enhance your professional reputation. On the other hand, leaving in the wrong way can generate negative feelings that could affect the way you are perceived as a professional.
Here are five ways to make sure you leave your current job on good terms.
Keep your story consistent. The "real" reason you are leaving a job may be a variety of different factors, many of which would not be in your best interest to announce to your current or future boss. Some issues may be that your job is not challenging enough, you dislike your annoying coworkers, or you don't like working so many weekends. Explaining your departure in a positive way when speaking to professional contacts is the most productive way to leave your current position.
Communicate with caution. If you are required to do an exit interview, answer honestly but with diplomacy. This is not the time for you to unload your frustrations or tell your boss how you really feel about her. If you didn't find it imperative to address your concerns during your tenure, you might want to think twice before mentioning something out of resentment or anger.
Alert your clients. With the blessing of your boss, contact your clients and let them know that you will be leaving the company. There may be a specific procedure in place for announcing personnel changes to clients so always check first. They may be sad to see you go but will also feel relieved that their business will not lapse in the interim. When possible, offer the name and contact information of the person who will be your replacement and assure them they will be in good hands.
Create a seamless transition for your replacement. Draft a comprehensive plan that will let the new person step in and pick up where you left off. This should include your job responsibilities, daily tasks, the status of current projects, a list of client contact information, vendors, and other relevant details. Provide a detailed outline of what you are currently working on and the next appropriate steps for conclusion.
Make your last days on the job memorable. Work diligently to wrap everything up and leave a well-prepared desk for the next person. Avoid slipping into "short-timer" mode by slacking off on your work attire, taking long lunches, and visiting for extended periods of time with your friends. Show your dedication to the very end and create a lasting positive impression that will be remembered long after you have gone.
For more etiquette tips visit Diane's popular blog , connect with her here on The Huffington Post, follow her on Pinterest , and "like" The Protocol School of Texas on Facebook .
Follow Diane Gottsman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dianegottsman
More:

Andhra Pradesh govt enhances age limit for direct recruitment to 40 yrsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Philips to Split Off Lighting BusinessYou are here: Home Corporates
Philips to Split Off Lighting Business, Form Separate Company
Reuters | Updated On: September 23, 2014 12:53 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Amsterdam: Philips said on Tuesday it would break its 120-year-old company in two, creating a stand-alone lighting business and merge consumer and healthcare divisions into a 15-billion euro business.
The company said the new structure would bring cost savings of 100 million euros (128.46 million US dollar) next year and a further 200 million euros in 2016. It expects restructuring charges of 50 million euros from 2014 to 2016.
"I do appreciate the magnitude of the decision we are taking, but the time is right to take the next strategic step for Philips," chief executive Frans van Houten said.
The light bulb manufacturer established by Frits Philips expanded into a multinational electronics company that invented the compact disc. It has shifted to focus on healthcare and advanced lighting products.
Philips said its latest move would create two market-leading companies, HealthTech and Lighting, with both companies using the Philips brand.
Philips said it would move the 7-billion euro lighting solutions business into a separate legal structure and consider various options for "alternative ownership structures with direct access to capital markets."
In a revised outlook, Philips said adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation (EBITA) in the second half of 2014 were expected to be slightly below a year earlier.
In the healthcare business, core profit in the second half of 2014 is now expected to be lower than the reported core profit in the second half of 2013.
($1 = 0.7785 euro)

SC issues tough guidelines on police encountersEYE BROWSE
SC issues tough guidelines on police encounters
The apex court said any policemen involved in an encounter death should not be promoted or given a gallantry award until a probe into the case is over.
Yahoo India –  Tue 23 Sep, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed that any policemen involved in an encounter death should not be promoted or given a gallantry award until a probe into the case is over, Zee News reports.
In a landmark judgment, the apex court said in encounter cases that lead to death, the government should immediately file a First Information Report and carry out a magisterial probe under Section 176 of Criminal Procedure Code.
The directive further added the probe must be carried out by the respective state CID team or a separate police station.
An apex court bench headed by Chief Justice R.M. Lodha said the report of the probe will be sent to the magistrate and to the state Human Rights Commission or the National Human Rights Commission as the case may be.
Also, the Supreme Court asked the cops to record in writing every intelligence input received about criminals or terrorists.
The policeman involved in an encounter will also have to surrender his weapons and ammunition after the encounter, the directive added. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Zomato buys up yet another rival  this time in PolandSeptember 23, 2014
Zomato, an Indian restaurant locator, is continuing its international shopping spree, acquiring four companies in three months.
The latest addition is Gastronauci—a Polish restaurant search service. Founded in 2007, the Warsaw-headquartered firm has a database of 26,000 restaurants, which gradually will be integrated into Zomato. The companies did not disclose the acquisition price.
Gastronauci fits into Zomato’s global ambitions: In July, The Delhi-based startup said it wants to reach 22 international markets in 24 months.
Zomato is currently present in 13 countries and with the acquisition of Gastronauci, Czech Republic’s Lunchtime and Slovakia-based Obedovat, it will have presence in 16 countries. This rapid international expansion comes on the back of the $37 million funding Zomato received from Sequoia Capital and InfoEdge in October 2013, taking its valuation to $161 million.
In particular, it is looking at central and eastern Europe closely—three of its four acquisitions are in Europe. And the company is eyeing another possible acquisition in the region, Zomato CEO Deepinder Goyal told Quartz.
The company is focusing on central and eastern Europe as it doesn’t have much competition as opposed to other parts of Europe where people already have access to Zomato-like services. “It is an easy win for us,” said Goyal.
Here are Zomato’s other recent acquisitions:
MenuMania: It  acquired  MenuMania, New Zealand’s top restaurant search service, in July 2014 in an undisclosed all-cash deal. The acquisition came after Zomato’s efforts to grow organically didn’t take off the way the company had hoped.
Lunchtime and Obedovat: The Czech Republic-based lunch menu search company, Lunchtime, and Slovakia-based Obedovat, were acquired by Zomato in August for a sum of  $3.25 million .
The company has already integrated MenuMania on its platform. But for Lunchtime and Obedovat, Zomato “needs to build new features,” Goyal said. Restaurants in the central and eastern Europe change their lunch menus everyday, Goyal said. So, the restaurant owner has to inform the platform of the changes. Zomato currently doesn’t have this feature.
Acquisitions aside, Zomato is also looking to start operations from scratch in Lebanon and Malaysia. Zomato makes profits in India, and breaks even in the UAE. In the other markets, the company will have to invest for a while before it can focus on the bottomline.
The big one is, off course, Canada where Zomato will start operations this year. Yelp dominates the Canadian market and that will be the first time these two companies will directly compete against each other in a market dominated by Yelp.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

PM: Swacch Bharat campaign to launch soon | Ambani  Ruia in  Make in India  progGovernment
("Erstwhile govts used to…)
BANGALORE: Addressing the BJP workers in Bangalore, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday thanked voters for providing a decisive mandate, leading to the formation of a stable government at the Centre.
Reaffirming his commitment to the cleanliness drive, he announced the intention to launch a cleanliness campaign in all government departments in the coming few days.
Furthermore, the Prime Minister also emphasised on the need to do away with archaic laws and simplify procedures.
"Erstwhile governments used to take pride in framing of laws, but I have decided that all such laws that have outlived their importance need to be scrapped," Modi said.
"It is because of such archaic laws that indecision in governence is created," the PM added and noted that a special committee has been formed to look into the matter.
'Mission Swacch Bharat' (clean India) will be launched on October 2, with Mahatma Gandhi as the inspiration, to create a clean India of his dreams by 2019, his 150th birth anniversary, a statement from the PMO said.
Modi had earlier said the pursuit of cleanliness can be an economic activity, contributing to GDP growth, reduction in healthcare costs, and a source of employment.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had called for making 'Swacch Bharat' into a mass movement and linked it to economic activity to ensure greater participation.
He had earlier said that all government departments will actively participate in the programme. Government offices up to panchayat level will be involved in a cleanliness drive that shall be carried out from September 25 till Diwali which falls on October 23.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coal scam: CBI seeks time to file revised cl...CBI
(CBI told the court that the…)
NEW DELHI: CBI today sought some time to file a "revised closure report" in a special court in a coal blocks allocations scam case involving JAS Infrastructure and Power Ltd and others.
CBI, which was scheduled to file the revised report today, told the court that the supplementary closure report was almost complete and it will be filed within a week's time.
Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar allowed the submissions of the agency and fixed the matter for October 9 for filing of revised/supplementary closure report with more details in the case.
"Senior public prosecutors state that revised/ supplementary closure report is at final stage and it will be filed in next five-seven days," the judge said.
During the hearing, the court asked CBI's investigating officer (IO) to give the names and designations of the Coal Ministry officials who were dealing with the 35th and 36th screening committee.
Senior public prosecutors V K Sharma and A P Singh assured the judge that the IO would file all the relevant, relied and unrelied upon documents in the court before the next date of hearing.
The agency had earlier informed the court that it will file today a revised closure report giving details of the coal scam case in which the judge had observed that the probe was "incomplete".
It had said the agency will file a comprehensive revised closure report which would be "explanatory" in nature.
CBI's move had come after the court's earlier observation that nothing was clear in its closure report and it was irked over the agency adopting different yardsticks in different cases and not following a uniform policy in its investigation.
The court was hearing arguments on the closure report filed by CBI in the case in which it had lodged FIR against Nagpur-based businessman Manoj Jayaswal and others for alleged irregularities by JAS Infrastructure and Power Limited in acquiring the coal blocks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Heres why the U.S. military went big in Syria on a single dayBy Dan Lamothe September 23 Follow @danlamothe
For nearly two weeks, the United States has signaled that it would strike at militant targets in Syria as part of an expanded military campaign against the Islamic State militant group. Degrading and eventually destroying the group is part of a “comprehensive and sustained counterterrorism strategy,” President Obama said Sept. 10 in a nationally televised address at the White House.
“I have made it clear that we will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country, wherever they are. That means I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria, as well as Iraq,” Obama said, using one of the acronyms for the radical Islamist group. “This is a core principle of my presidency: If you threaten America, you will find no safe haven.”
U.S. forces have continued to strike the militants in Iraq since then, dropping bombs and firing missiles a couple of times virtually every single day. But the United States didn’t strike in Syria until early Tuesday local time (Monday night in Washington), when it delivered a heavy bombardment on numerous sites. There were 22 military strikes in all, involving not only aircraft from the United States and partner nations, but 47 Tomahawk cruise missiles delivered from Navy ships in the Persian Gulf and Red Sea.
All told, it was likely the single largest day for the U.S. military in terms of ordnance dropped since the opening salvos of its 2011 campaign in Libya , when both airstrikes and scores of Tomahawk missile strikes were used to target the forces of Libyan leader Moammar Gaddafi.
With the large-scale action, the United States effectively signaled that its military campaign against militants in Iraq and Syria has entered a new phase. It also came as the Pentagon expanded the scope of its targets in the campaign beyond the Islamic State: the strikes also hit the Khorasan Group , a shadowy affiliate of al-Qaeda that is said to include foreign fighters from Afghanistan, Yemen, Syria and Europe working with Yemeni bombmakers. Eight of the 22 strikes in Syria targeted Khorasan, all west of Aleppo, U.S. military officials said.
There are likely several reasons for the overwhelming use of force in a single day. For one, Central Command officials said that the eight strikes against Khorasan were undertaken “to disrupt the imminent attack plotting against the United States and Western interests.” Additionally, because the U.S. military is not acting at the invitation of the government in Syria, any deployment of U.S. forces in the country’s airspace is more precarious than in Iraq – possibly making it more difficult for military commanders to plan repeated raids.
The State Department said Monday morning that the Obama administration had warned Syria that it “would not hesitate to take direction action” against Islamic State targets in Syria. But spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the administration did not request Syria’s permission or “give any indication of our timing on specific targets.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Apple Wont Shut Down Beats Music After All (but Will Probably Rename It)Going dark?
Photo by Gary Gershoff/Getty Images for (RED)
This afternoon, TechCrunch reported that Apple was planning to shut down Beats Music, the streaming service founded by Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine that the company acquired, along with its headphone brand, for $3 billion . This seemed a bit strange, since Tim Cook has rhapsodized about just how much he loves the subscription service , and the fact that Apple desperately needed to find foothold in streaming . But the story cited five sources, "including several prominent employees at Apple and Beats."
Jordan Weissmann
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.
“It’s not clear when exactly Jimmy Iovine and Dr Dre’s music service will be shut down or what Apple will do with streaming, but every source with knowledge of the situation that we talked to agreed Apple plans to sunset the Beats Music brand,” TechCrunch reported.
Advertisement
Now, Apple has denied the story through it's spokesman, Tom Neumayr. Except, it's sort of a nondenial denial. According to Re/code's Peter Kafka , the "Beats brand may go away," but the company "wants to stay in streaming music." Which seems a lot like what TechCrunch said. Here's a bit more of Kafka for context:
Note that Apple does seem pretty pleased with the iTunes brand, which was the focus of its controversial U2 album giveaway  this month.
Shuttering the Beats Music brand name makes some sense, as the company hadn’t generated a ton of traction before Apple bought it in May—at that time, it only had a few hundred thousand subscribers.
Now here's where TechCrunch reports that Apple might just slap a new name on its Beats, or use its back end (which is the valuable part, anyway) as part of iTunes:
One source said Apple may roll streaming into iTunes. This could be the most logical strategy for Apple if it can find a way to keep its traditional music file download customers happy while opening its catalogue to streaming for early adopters who want to listen from the cloud. Perhaps rather than just buy buttons, there could be play buttons in iTunes, too. Another source said Apple plans to make some significant music announcement in the first half of next year.
Rebranding Beats as part iTunes isn't quite the same as shutting the service down. But it feels like we're splitting hairs over headlines here.
In any event, here's what we can take away from today's late afternoon music biz news: Streaming is still the future , Apple still seems to realize that, and it's not going to throw the whole streaming service it just bought into the trash heap because it likes iTunes better.

India expects substantive outcome from Modis USvisitPrint
We see Prime Minister Narendra Modi's first visit to New York and Washington as a signal of India's abiding commitment to multilateralism and of a desire to build on a growing convergences in Indo-US ties, Said External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
PTI | New Delhi/washington | Posted: September 23, 2014 8:40 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 9:00 pm
India is expecting a “substantive” outcome from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’ s high-profile US visit from September 26 during which he will have nearly 50 engagements including a bilateral meeting with President Barack Obama and a speech at the UN General Assembly.
Briefing the reporters on the visit, External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin in New Delhi also made it clear that the prime minister “looks forward and not backward” in a relationship when asked about Modi’s boycott by the US after the Gujarat riots in 2002.
“We see Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s first visit to New York and Washington as a signal of India’s abiding commitment to multilateralism and of a desire to build on a growing convergences in Indo-US ties in the areas where we can work together and in areas where we can do more for each other,” he said.
Giving the details of various facets of the Indo-US strategic relationship, the spokesperson said from “atom to outer space and everything in-between” are areas of cooperation between the two countries and the visit will provide an opportunity to enhance this cooperation.
He also said during the deliberations the focus will be trade and investment, energy, science and technology, defence, maritime as well as counter-terrorism and security.
He said the two countries would also explore ways to enhance cooperation in third countries including Afghanistan, which is undergoing transition, and Africa.
“I can assure that there will be substantive outcomes..”, the spokesperson said.
During his over 100 hours of stay in the US, Modi will deliver his maiden speech at the UN General Assembly that will among other issues focus on need for reforms in the UN with India being included as Permanent Member in the Security Council given the country’s role in major UN initiatives such as peacekeeping.
A hectic agenda awaits Modi in the US as he would utilise his stay to meet top global leaders, address thousands of cheering crowds, make a speech at the UN General Assembly (UNGA) and interact with CEOs of the Fortune 500, in addition to his Oval Office meeting with Obama.
The series of engagements — estimated to be over 50 – in a little over 100 hours from the time Air India One touches down at the John F Kennedy international airport in New York on September 26 till the wheels are up at the Andrews Air Force Base in Washington on September 30 evening –- continued…

Employer tells employees: If you choose Union representation  we believe the Union will push you toward a strike  [and] we will exercise our legal right to hire replacement workersAn excerpt from Labriola Baking Co., 361 NLRB No. 41 (Sept. 8, 2014, just posted on Westlaw) (some paragraph breaks added):
The National Labor Relations Board has considered objections to an election held March 14, 2013, and the hearing officer’s report recommending disposition of them. The election was conducted pursuant to a Stipulated Election Agreement. The tally of ballots shows 16 for and 20 against the Union, with 4 challenged ballots, an insufficient number to affect the results. [Footnote: For purposes of this case, we treat the election as a tie because, when considering election objections, the Board assumes that unopened, uncounted ballots were cast in favor of the objecting party.] The Board has reviewed the record in light of the exceptions and briefs, and has decided to sustain the Union’s exception and order a new election….
On September 21, 2011, Teamsters Local 734 was certified as the bargaining representative for a unit of full-time and part-time sales drivers at Labriola Baking, a bakery and delivery company operating in the Chicago, Illinois area. A year later, the parties not yet having agreed to a first contract, an employee filed a petition to decertify the Union.
One week before the election, the Employer held a mandatory meeting for the drivers; roughly 25 of the 40 unit employees were present. At the meeting, Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Robert Burch spoke to employees about the upcoming election. Approximately 80 percent of the unit employees were Spanish-speaking, so the Employer had Payroll Administrator Manual Rojas translate Burch’s remarks. Following a script, Burch said: “If you choose Union Representation, we believe the Union will push you toward a strike. Should this occurs [sic], we will exercise our legal right to hire replacement workers for the drivers who strike.”
Unit employees, however, testified and the hearing officer found that Rojas’ translation ended with the statement that the Employer would replace the workers with “legal workers” or a “legal workforce.” There is no evidence that the Employer made any attempt to correct or clarify Rojas’ translation, either at the meeting or afterward.
One week later, the employees voted to decertify the Union with 20 votes against representation, 16 votes for representation, and 4 uncounted challenged ballots. The Union timely filed objections, including, as Objection 1, its claim that Rojas’ translation was a threat to report employees to immigration authorities….
The hearing officer concluded that the words spoken by Rojas were not objectionable because they did not expressly or impliedly threaten that the Employer would report employees to immigration authorities if they supported the Union. We find that the hearing officer failed to recognize the threat of adverse consequences these words conveyed to non-English-speaking employees, regardless of their immigration status….
[T]here can be no dispute that the Employer is responsible for his translation of Burch’s prepared remarks, having designated Rojas to perform that service. The record, moreover, fully supports a finding that Rojas’ statement warned that the Union would call a strike and that the Employer would respond by hiring “legal workers.” This is the credited testimony establishing what employees were told, as opposed to the account cited by our dissenting colleagues, in which the Employer simply states its legal right to hire replacement workers in the event of a strike and innocuously announces its intention to comply with the law. The credited evidence hardly constitutes a “mere mention of [the] legal requirements.” …
The Board has recognized that employer threats touching on employees’ immigration status warrant careful scrutiny, as they are among the most likely to instill fear among employees…. [“][These] threats would undoubtedly evoke the most intense fear, not only of employment loss, but of removal from their very homes as well…. Moreover, these threats – regardless of their applicability to any employee — signaled Respondent’s displeasure at union activity and the lengths to which it would go to impose retributions should employees thwart its will.[”] …
Similarly, the statement here–“we will replace you with legal workers”–was part of a threat to retaliate against employees for maintaining union representation; it was what the employer stated it intended to do when the Union “push[ed]” workers to strike. The dissent’s entire rationale rests on the assertion that the statement was not a threat. But, as our dissenting colleagues acknowledge, it is both objectionable and (where alleged) unlawful for an employer to threaten immigration-related problems for employees because they engage in union or other protected, concerted activity. In our view, that is what the Employer did in this case. By telling non-English-speaking employees that it would replace them with “legal” workers, the Employer communicated that their immigration status would be subjected to scrutiny…. [I]t is objectionable to threaten employees that engaging in protected activity will lead to scrutiny of their immigration status. Sure-Tan, Inc. v. NLRB, 467 U.S. 883, 895-896 (1984) (even if an employer otherwise may lawfully report the presence of an undocumented worker, the employer violates the Act “when the evidence establishes that the reporting of the presence of an illegal alien employee is in retaliation for the employee’s protected union activity”).
Furthermore, in determining whether an employer’s statement was objectionable, we examine it from the perspective of a reasonable employee. The test is not what the speaker may have meant to say, but whether his actual words would tend to interfere with employee free choice.
Applying these principles to the facts of this case, we have little difficulty in discerning the threatening nature of Rojas’ references to “legal workers” or a “legal workforce.” First, by asserting that the Union would ““push” the employees to strike and thus jeopardize their employment, the Respondent was skirting the limits of lawful persuasion. In that context, the import of Rojas’ references to “legal workers” was that the Employer would use immigration, i.e., “legal,” status, to take action against the employees in the event of the all but inevitable strike that the Employer claimed the Union would cause. From the employees’ standpoint, why else would the Employer specify “legal” workers? Certainly, the employees cannot be charged with piecing together that the Employer meant (assuming it did) for Rojas to convey the finer points of striker-replacement law.
[Footnote: It is irrelevant to our analysis whether any of the employees in fact were themselves undocumented or had immigration-related problems. As one court of appeals has explained, even documented workers may be intimidated by threatened scrutiny of their immigration status, for they “may fear that their immigration status would be changed, or that their status would reveal the immigration problems of their family or friends; similarly, new legal residents or citizens may feel intimidated by the prospect of having their immigration history examined in a public proceeding.”] …
Setting aside the election is also important to ensure public confidence in the Board’s ability and willingness to make the Act meaningful to all participants in the work force, which has become increasingly diverse in national origin and ethnicity. The Board must continue to fine tune its institutional “ear” in order to protect vulnerable workers from immigration-related threats and manipulation that violate the Act….
Members Miscimarra and Johnson, concurring in part and dissenting in part.
Our colleagues here find that an employer engages in objectionable conduct by saying it will do something “legal.” Specifically, the majority invalidates an election solely because the Employer stated that, in the event of a strike, it would exercise its “legal right to hire replacement workers for those … who strike,” which a Spanish-speaking translator described as hiring “legal workers” or a “legal workforce” in the event of a strike. There is no evidence that the Employer made any statement arguably relating to the potential unlawful immigration status of its employees, that the Employer had any knowledge that any of its employees might have such unlawful status, or that immigration-related issues were a particular concern to this work force….
We dissent from our colleagues’ finding for three reasons. First, the allegation is contradicted by the record and by hearing officer findings that our colleagues fail to fully acknowledge. Second, the majority improperly disregards well-established principles regarding burdens of proof and related standards governing representation proceedings. Third, the majority’s finding appears to reflect an underlying, mistaken premise that it is objectionable for employers to make even the slightest reference to the legal requirement of work authorization. Here, the majority essentially maintains — paradoxically — that an employer violates the law by stating it will comply with the law.
We do not discount the importance of Board and court cases where — unlike the situation presented here — employers are found to have violated the Act based on unlawful threats, which can include threats to cause immigration-related problems for employees. However, nothing in the NLRA renders unlawful or objectionable every mention of immigration-related work requirements. After all, employers and employees alike are required to comply with these legal requirements. Without more than exists in this case, the mere mention of such legal requirements (even if that occurred here, which is far from clear) cannot be reasonably found objectionable or unlawful.
Our colleagues have an admirable objective, and we agree that the Act should be “meaningful to all participants in the workforce, which has become increasingly diverse in national origin and ethnicity.” It is also true that undocumented aliens who lack the work authorization required under federal law face vulnerabilities regarding their legal status.
But here, the majority allows its well-intentioned general concerns to carry the day, despite the shortcomings of the Union’s objection, by overturning the outcome of a Board-conducted election when there is virtually no evidence of immigration-related concerns, apart from the mere use of the word “legal” in the presence of non-English-speaking employees. In our view, this goes well beyond “fine-tun[ing]” the Board’s “institutional ‘ear’ in order to protect vulnerable workers from immigration-related threats and manipulation that violate the Act,” as our colleagues state.
Obviously, some imprecision arises when communicating complex issues in multiple languages to a diverse work force. Although our colleagues generally agree with this observation, they nonetheless brush it aside in favor of applying a rigid test of linguistic purity that the Board itself failed: the Spanish-speaking interpreter at the hearing before a Board hearing officer confused the same concepts giving rise to the controversy in this case….
The hearing officer stated it was plausible that Rojas (the translator) “could have converted ‘legal right to hire replacement workers’ to ‘legal workforce’ or ‘legal workers’ during his contemporaneous translation of Burch’s remarks.” Indeed, the hearing officer explained that, at the hearing, “the Board interpreter also experienced difficulty distinguishing the concepts during [the] testimony.” …
The record contains not a shred of evidence suggesting that any employees lacked work authorization, that they feared being reported to immigration authorities, or that some other type of immigration-related issues or problems existed in the workplace. The only potential basis for inferring the existence of immigration-related fears — an inference drawn by our colleagues — is the participation by Spanish-speaking employees in the meeting.
In these circumstances, we believe that neither facts nor logic support a finding that the Employer engaged in objectionable conduct by accurately describing what it would do in the event of a strike — i.e., that it would exercise its “legal right to hire replacement workers,” translated as hiring a “legal workforce” or “legal workers.” Indeed, given that the translation of the Employer’s remarks referred to who would be hired in the event of a strike — i.e., “legal workers” or a “legal workforce” — we do not understand how this could reasonably be interpreted as a threat to “report” current employees to anyone….
[T]he majority’s underlying premise boils down to a speech prohibition: in effect, our colleagues find that it is objectionable or unlawful for an employer to tell employees it will comply with the law. Such a finding undermines well-established principles of free speech, which protect the right of parties to express “views,” “argument” and “opinion,” where such expressions contain no threat of reprisal. For the reasons stated previously, the record here does not support any reasonable inference that the Employer’s statements constituted such a threat….
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

SC to decide fate of 218 coal blockstomorrowThe apex court on August 25 had held that all coal blocks allocations since 1993 by various regimes at theCentre have been made illegally and arbitrarily.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 23, 2014 9:16 pm
The fate of 218 coal blocks, which was allocated to companies illegally by the Centre, will be decided by the Supreme Court tomorrow.
The apex court will pronounce its verdict at 2 PM on blocks whose allocation was declared illegal by it and in which government claimed that Rs 2 lakh crore investments have been made.
The apex court on August 25 had held that all coal blocks allocations since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre have been made illegally and arbitrarily.
The apex court, which had used almost all terms to condemn the procedures adopted by 36 screening committee meetings since 1993, however, had stopped short of cancelling them saying, “what should be the consequences, is the issue which remains to be tackled.”
The court, which examined the allocation of 218 blocks in pre-auction era till 2010, had held that they were done in an illegal manner by an “ad-hoc and casual” approach “without application of mind” and “Common good and public interest have, thus, suffered heavily” due to lack of fair and transparent procedure resulting in “unfair distribution” of the “national wealth” — coal — “which is king and paramount Lord of industry.”
“To sum up, the entire allocation of coal block as per recommendations made by the Screening Committee from July 14, 1993 in 36 meetings and the allocation through the government dispensation route suffers from the vice of arbitrariness and legal flaws.
“The Screening Committee has never been consistent, it has not been transparent, there is no proper application of mind, it has acted on no material in many cases, relevant factors have seldom been its guiding factors, there was no transparency and guidelines have seldom guided it,” a bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha had said in its 163-page verdict.

Indian missions in China to push  Make In India  driveIndian missions in China to push  Make In India  drive
Indiabulls Housing Finance allots equity sharesIndiabulls Housing Finance allots equity shares
KCR orders 15-day holiday for Dasarapolitics
Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhara Rao has directed officials to revise the academic calendar by giving 15-day holiday for Bathukamma and Dasara and two days for Sankranti festival.
He asked them to earmark holidays in academic calendar for festivals in Telangana and measures be taken to ensure all government and private schools follow this holiday period.
The Chief Minister who released the special poster on ‘Koti Bathukammala Jatara’ brought out by Telangana Secretariat Women Employees Association here on Tuesday said the Bathukamma festival should be organised through out the State as a cultural festival. It should become the basis for revival of Telangana culture that was oppressed in the combined State, he said.
Bathukamma festival is not confined to a caste or religion but is celebrated by the entire Telangana society. Community celebration of festivals is a tradition in the State, he said.
Mr. Rao, who later reviewed the arrangements for ‘Bathukamma’, declared a State festival, said Telangana festivals were also subjected to discrimination in the united State. Telangana Secretariat Women Employees Association put up a huge colourful replica of ‘Bathukamma’ floral arrangement on the Secretariat premises and another one near Pochamma temple premises to mark commencement of festival from Wednesday.

Shoemaker Jimmy Choo seeks IPO in LondonJimmy Choo seeking IPO in London
By: Roger Yu September 23, 2014 12:18 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Shoemaker Jimmy Choo Ltd. said Tuesday it plans to sell shares in an initial public offering and trade on the London Stock Exchange.
With key executives based in London, the 18-year old company had about $462 million in sales worldwide last year. JAB Luxury GmbH, the Switzerland-based luxury goods company that also owns the Bally brand, bought Jimmy Choo in 2011. But Jimmy Choo wants to open more directly-operated stores and expand into Asia to spur revenue growth.
To prepare for the IPO, Jimmy Choo said it appointed four independent non-executive directors to its board.
“I am confident that our future as a public company can only extend our reputation,” said Jimmy Choo CEO Pierre Denis, in a statement.
For the first half of the year, its revenue grew $9.4% to about $193 million. But comparable store growth, one of its key objectives post-IPO, was more modest, up 2.2%.
The company has renovated four stores and opened five new directly-owned stores in the first half of its fiscal year. And its revenue for the second half is off to “an encouraging start” as sales in China and the men’s category rebound, it said.
Like most luxury retailers, Jimmy Choo wants to broaden its business lines without sacrificing its brand reputation. In a filing with the London Stock Exchange, the company outlined several growth areas, including opening 10 to 15 stores a year and expanding wholesale channels.
It is also seeking tap the potential unrealized in emerging markets, particularly in China, partly by buying out franchisees and joint ventures in the Middle East, South Korea, Singapore and Malaysia. About half to two thirds of Jimmy Choo’s directly-owned store development will be in China each year with the goal of reaching “at least 30 stores in China, from 10 today, within the medium term,” it said.

JSW Energy JV gets nod to hike mining from Raj lignite mineSep 23, 2014, 09.50 PM IST  | Source: PTI
JSW Energy JV gets nod to hike mining from Raj lignite mine
In a regulatory filing, JSW Energy said BLMCL has received "environmental clearance from the Ministry of Environment, Forests & Climate Change (MoEFCC) to increase the mining capacity of its Kapurdi Lignite Mines from 3.75 MTPA to 7 MTPA for 4 years".
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JSW Energy JV gets nod to hike mining from Raj lignite mine
In a regulatory filing, JSW Energy said BLMCL has received "environmental clearance from the Ministry of Environment, Forests & Climate Change (MoEFCC) to increase the mining capacity of its Kapurdi Lignite Mines from 3.75 MTPA to 7 MTPA for 4 years".
Post your opinion here
 
JSW Energy  today said one of its joint ventures has received environmental clearance to increase the annual mining capacity of Kapurdi Lignite Mines to seven million tonnes for a period of four years.
The approval has been received by Barmer Lignite Mining Company Ltd (BLMCL) -- a joint venture between Raj WestPower Ltd (RWPL) and Rajasthan State Mines and Minerals Ltd (RSMML). RWPL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of JSW Energy.
In a regulatory filing, JSW Energy said BLMCL has received "environmental clearance from the Ministry of Environment, Forests & Climate Change (MoEFCC) to increase the mining capacity of its Kapurdi Lignite Mines from 3.75 MTPA to 7 MTPA for 4 years".  Kapurdi Lignite Mines is located in Rajasthan.
In May 2006, Rajasthan government and RWPL had entered into an implementation agreement for lignite mining cum thermal power plants with associated facilities for 1,080 MW generation capacity. The power plants would be fired by lignite from Kapurdi and Jalipa mines. BLMCL, where RWPL holds 49 percent stake, to develop, operate and extract lignite from these two mines. Besides, the entity has an exclusive pact with RWPL to supply lignite to its power project for 30 years.
JSW Energy stock price
On November 21, 2014, JSW Energy closed at Rs 82.20, down Rs 0.45, or 0.54 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 86.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 42.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 5.06 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.25. The latest book value of the company is Rs 42.70 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.93.
RELATED NEWS

Indian industry capable to face challenge of Chinese goods: Nirmala SitaramanIndian industry capable to face challenge of Chinese goods: Nirmala Sitaraman
Former Nokia CEO Balaji to join Vodafone IndiaFormer Nokia CEO Balaji to join Vodafone India
Our Bureau
Takes over from Ramachandran as head of regulatory affairs
New Delhi, September 23:  
Former Chief Executive Officer of Nokia India P Balaji will join Vodafone India as Director – Regulatory and External Affairs next month. Balaji’s role is being currently managed by two executives.
While TV Ramachandran is currently the Resident Director – Regulatory Affairs and Government Relations and Rohit Adya is the Director – External Affairs. Both are set to retire over the next few months. Ramachandran has been associated with the Indian telecom sector for over 30 years.
He was earlier the Director-General of the Cellular Operators’ Association of India and was the face of the GSM industry. Ramachandran told BusinessLine that he plans to continue in the telecom sector as a consultant.
Balaji also has been associated with the telecom industry for over two decades and has earlier worked with Ramachandran on industry issues. Prior to joining Nokia, Balaji was the CEO of Sony Ericsson.
But his new role at Vodafone is similar to what he was doing at Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson where he was managing regulatory and industry relations.
“I am really delighted to join Vodafone India and am looking forward to working there. It’s great to be associated with the Vodafone brand and the team,” Balaji told BusinessLine.
But some major challenges await Balaji in his new role including the tax dispute and issues related to spectrum. This is where his experience in Ericsson will help.
Vodafone said that it was fine-tuning the organisation structure by merging the Regulatory and External Affairs functions for there are strong areas of synergy between them.
While Ramachandran may continue to function in an advisory role, Adya will continue to be the Chairman of the Vodafone Foundation. He will be involved in setting up the CSR activities of Vodafone in India and will drive the governance around this.
(This article was published on September 23, 2014)
Related

John Wellington EnnisActivist Comics: Constitutional Amendment
(0) Comments | Posted November 22, 2014 | 5:30 PM
The Supreme Court doesn't seem to care about much besides the very richest when it comes to campaign finance law. In the 2010 decision Citizens United vs. FEC , the court ruled that no amount of money can corrupt a politician, hence there shouldn't be any limits to spending...
Activist Comics: Public Financing
(0) Comments | Posted November 21, 2014 | 3:26 PM
Elections are in the public interest, designating the propriety of public works, impacting every single member of the public -- so therefore we must have public financing for campaigns. When the candidate with the most money wins over 90 percent of the time, it's not an election, it's a rich...
Activist Comics: Compulsory Voting
(0) Comments | Posted November 20, 2014 | 1:46 PM
It's kind of crazy that people will accept an army draft in wartime, serving jury duty, and now buying health insurance as government mandates, but the notion of required voting provokes outraged reactions. As it is, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia will be quick to point out
Activist Comics: End Gerrymandering
(0) Comments | Posted November 19, 2014 | 5:54 PM
You would think that your vote gets counted just as equally as others. But you'd be wrong. The reality is, depending on where you live, your vote is quite likely taken for granted in preemptive zoning by election officials.
This tactic of partitioning voter blocs to count on favorable...
Activist Comics: Disclosure
(1) Comments | Posted November 18, 2014 | 6:05 PM
If someone was talking shit about you, wouldn't you want to know who it was? And if it was $145 million worth of shit you were buried under, wouldn't you be outraged and demand to know who was dumping all this excrement on top of you, and why?
Well,...
Activist Comics: Free Airtime for Candidates
(0) Comments | Posted November 17, 2014 | 5:56 PM
In the wake of the 2014 midterms, it is estimated that dark money spending -- campaign expenditures from unknown contributors -- topped $145 million. Most of that is spent on outside advertising, which is now largely unregulated since the Citizens United decision ruled that restricting corporations' right to...
In Midterms Aftermath, a Bright Spot in Ohio
(0) Comments | Posted November  7, 2014 | 2:01 PM
Elections have consequences. And in the most decisive state in the nation, the 2014 midterms have already produced measurable improvement.
In the wake of Republicans' easy victories Tuesday, Chris Redfern announced he would be stepping down as the chair of the Ohio Democratic Party. The writing had...
The Wool Over Our Eyes
(0) Comments | Posted November  5, 2014 | 5:31 PM
No one likes having the wool pulled over their eyes. Now imagine wealthy CEOs hiring millions of knitters to blanket your entire city with a massive wool sweater, soaked in gasoline. That's what dark money is. It's rich interests that already have millions to burn, but would rather spend that...
Citizens United, Explained With Dogs
(0) Comments | Posted November  1, 2014 | 8:07 PM
It is an antiquated rule banning cameras from the Supreme Court, when they are public proceedings affecting all Americans. John Oliver was right to challenge this seclusion from the public eye on his recent episode of Last Week Tonight when he had no choice but to dramatize courtroom...
Teddy Davis, Clean Money Candidate for L.A. City Council
(0) Comments | Posted October 29, 2014 | 10:20 PM
"To be a council member, it's like being mayor of someone's neighborhood," Teddy Davis explains to me. Each council member represents 250,000 people, though perhaps less than ten percent will vote in a race for who gets to decide what happens to the land in their neighborhood. Davis is running...
Diamond District steps up with 'March on Washington'
(0) Comments | Posted October  9, 2014 | 9:58 PM
A striking return to form, March on Washington puts Diamond District back on the map as one of the most vital voices in hip hop today. Their 2010 debut In The Ruff garnered fans worldwide as well as caught critics's attention, leading to the shortlist for a Grammy. With March...
'This Is Your Country,' My #MayDayin30 Video
(1) Comments | Posted October  8, 2014 | 9:55 PM
I believe that we can use the modern tools available to spread awareness and empower citizens, and that our collective stories can affect revolutionary reform. It is why I am committed to storytelling as a medium for activism, with citizen journalism today serving as oversight.
I am excited to...
The Pay 2 Play Board Game, More Realistic Than Monopoly!
(0) Comments | Posted October  2, 2014 | 5:29 PM
In order to face any of our mounting problems, we need leaders who will listen to We The People, not just We The Wealthiest People. I set out to make a documentary about the obstacles to elected office, in hopes of encouraging reform and inspiring future candidates. I also wanted...
Democracy in Ohio is Hard Enough Already
(1) Comments | Posted October  1, 2014 | 6:57 PM
Democracy in America is such that, after its citizens have participated in national elections, and all of their votes have been counted, with each state's combined number of U.S. House Representatives and Senators determining an allotment of Electoral College votes, added together with due diligence reveal -- reliably -- that...
Our Pay to Play System, Embodied by Beanie Babies
(0) Comments | Posted September 23, 2014 | 10:17 PM
There was a political scandal I heard about that changed the way I looked at corruption and helped me understand the larger mechanisms at work in government and society. It rocked the swing state of Ohio right after a disputed election, toppled the state's one-party rule and ended the Taft...
Playing Monopoly With Our Lives
(0) Comments | Posted September 22, 2014 | 8:12 PM
In all likelihood, when you were little, you played America's best-selling board game, Monopoly. The colorful money, antique tokens, and cartoon old man let us pretend to be important, to feel successful, to realize the American Dream of prosperity. This childhood memory becomes something parents share with their children, growing...
Three Years Later, What Has Come of Occupy Wall Street?
(101) Comments | Posted September 17, 2014 | 9:21 AM
This week marks the third anniversary of protesters descending on Wall Street to protest the havoc wrought by the 2008 Financial Meltdown, which had hit all Americans hard, except for the ones who had caused it.
What began as an open call from Adbusters to show up with a...
We Can Put An End to Pay to Play
(0) Comments | Posted September 10, 2014 | 10:20 PM
What is Pay to Play? Commonly held, pay to play is a form of getting a special deal because you paid someone off. Usually this is an indirect transaction, because of clear legal guidelines, and so creative ways are devised around long-standing common-sense laws prohibiting politicians from taking bribes. For...
March Against Monsanto Takes Action in Hollywood
(2) Comments | Posted May 24, 2014 | 7:13 PM
A few hundred people marched through Hollywood on Saturday to protest genetically modified organisms (GMO's) and the corporate giant Monsanto. Gathering at Hollywood Blvd. and La Brea, the marchers held a direct action, asking protesters to plant organic seedlings in the public park. The many honking horns of passers-by was...
LydiaEmily Breaks Out in Bound
(0) Comments | Posted May 19, 2014 | 10:40 PM
LydiaEmily's new art show Bound opened at the Garboushian Gallery in Beverly Hills Saturday night to an overflow crowd of fans and supporters, including some wearing bandanas and braid wigs in tribute to the artist. A portrait painter who found that the streets offered an ideal forum for...

Facebook-Owned Oculus Unveils New Virtual Reality HeadsetFacebook-Owned Oculus Unveils New Virtual Reality Headset
 | By                                                                By DERRIK J. LANG
Posted:
reddit
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Oculus has unveiled a new prototype of its virtual reality headset. However, the VR company still isn't ready to release a consumer edition.
The hew headset intended for creators of VR experiences is nicknamed Crescent Bay and features a higher resolution and refresh rate, integrated headphones and 360-degree head tracking.
"That was not easy," Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe told the audience Saturday at the company's first-ever developers conference. "It's still not perfect. None of this is perfect yet, but it's much, much better."
Oculus' headset covers a user's eyes and can create immersive worlds that react to head movement.
The original prototype of the Oculus Rift headset was unveiled in 2012 and has received considerable attention from film and video game makers. Oculus released a second prototype headset to developers earlier this year. Iribe said 100,000 development kits have been shipped to 130 countries.
"I never expected it to go this quickly," Iribe said. "None of us did."
The Irvine, California-based Oculus VR Inc. was acquired by Facebook earlier this year for $2 billion. Iribe said Oculus' staff has doubled in the six months since the acquisition.
"We're really spiriting toward the consumer version," he said.
Oculus recently teamed up with Samsung to introduce Gear VR, a $200 headset with a slot for using the Galaxy Note 4 smartphone as a VR display.
Over the past two years, Oculus' technology has been demonstrated at events like San Diego Comic-Con and the Electronic Entertainment Expo with interactive experiences that recreate scenes from the "X-Men" and "Pacific Rim" films and thrust users into an intergalactic dogfight in the game "EVE: Valkyrie."
Iribe reiterated several times during his talk at the Oculus Connect conference that creating a sense of presence would be integral for the widespread adoption of VR technology, which continues to leave some users feeling queasy despite Oculus' strides in creating lower latency and more realistic imagery inside the goggles.
"You should believe you're there and feel great, even if you're super-sensitive like me," Iribe said.
___

Quick take: Wheres the silver lining in Northern VirginiaBy Jonathan O'Connell September 22 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
A Silver Line train approaches at the Spring Hill Station in Tysons. (Photo by Yue Wu/The Washington Post)
Whether you’re in Leesburg, Herndon, Ballston or anywhere else in Northern Virginia, it isn’t easy leasing an office building at the moment. Historically, Northern Virginia has about a 15.6 percent vacancy rate.
Many parts of the region are well above that mark at the moment, including locations inside and outside the Beltway, and locations proximate to — and far from — Metro. But it can’t be all be bad. What’s the silver lining? We asked three experts for their thoughts.
Brad Flickinger, senior managing director, CBRE:
“A bright spot is that Northern Virginia’s unemployment rate remains one of the nation’s lowest — a healthy 4.5 percent, well below the U.S. average of 6.3 percent.  This is comparable to the tech boomtown of San Francisco, where the jobless rate is 4.3 percent.
What also bodes well for the future is that many landlords are doing what is needed to draw and retain tenants, such as building upgrades and renovations, adding retail and other onsite amenities, and modernizing the workspace to be more open and inviting. Additionally, the Silver Line is expected to drive both population and employment growth from Tysons through the Dulles Corridor.”
Scott Homa, vice president at JLL:
“Encouraging signs are few and far between, especially given the fact that most growth in the regional tenant base (e.g. high-tech, media, etc.) has been concentrated in urban locations.
The Silver Line is nice – it may allow some owners in Tysons and Reston to cannibalize other NoVa submarkets, such as Fairview Park and Fairfax Center – but the market needs political/budget clarity, and more importantly, spending growth to return and drive leasing.”
Nate Edwards, director of research at Cassidy Turley:
“The silver lining is that the skill set required in the industry sectors that we feel are going to lead employment growth now and into the future are already here. Big data, cloud computing, healthcare IT and cybersecurity – the fields where we expect the most growth – are already being led by companies that have traditionally been in the federal/defense contracting arena and all of which have large footprints throughout Northern Virginia.
Furthermore, on the public side, those federal agencies that will benefit from increased budgets … are all located in Northern Virginia.
Growth in these sectors – both public and private, will translate into increased demand for office space in the Northern Virginia market.”
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

How a relentless R&D approach propelled Tata Steel to the zenithE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Easy Rider s   Captain America  motorcycle headed to auction'Easy Rider's' 'Captain America' motorcycle headed to auction
Captain America, from Easy Rider
Profiles in History
"Captain America," the iconic chopper featured in the 1969 movie "Easy Rider," was sold at auction, though some question the bike's authenticity.
"Captain America," the iconic chopper featured in the 1969 movie "Easy Rider," was sold at auction, though some question the bike's authenticity. (Profiles in History)
'Captain America' is the only 'Easy Rider' bike still known to exist
Auctioneers say 'Captain America' bike could reach $1.2 million when it goes up for bidding in October
Born to be wild, and designed for the 1969 motorcycle road movie "Easy Rider," the famous "Captain America" Harley-Davidson chopper will be on the auction block next month.
8
The auction house expects bidding for the red-white-and-blue-painted motorcycle to reach as much as $1.2 million.
Multiple vintage Harley panheads were used in the filming of "Easy Rider" -- at least two to represent "Captain America," the bike ridden by actor Peter Fonda, and two to represent "Billy," the one ridden by his costar Dennis Hopper.
Caption Harley-Davidson 2015 motorcycle lineup
Harley-Davidson
The Electra Glide Ultra Classic Low sits even lower than its predecessor, with handlebars that are closer to the rider and even smaller grips for easier clutch and brake control.
The Electra Glide Ultra Classic Low sits even lower than its predecessor, with handlebars that are closer to the rider and even smaller grips for easier clutch and brake control. (Harley-Davidson)
Caption Harley-Davidson 2015 motorcycle lineup
Harley-Davidson
The Electra Glide Ultra Classic Low, designed to appeal to smaller riders, also is fitted with hydraulic Assist and Slip clutch, for easier lever pull.
The Electra Glide Ultra Classic Low, designed to appeal to smaller riders, also is fitted with hydraulic Assist and Slip clutch, for easier lever pull. (Harley-Davidson)
Caption Harley-Davidson 2015 motorcycle lineup
Harley-Davidson
The CVO Limited is meant to combine custom styling and touring luxury. The 2015 version has polished chrome wheels and heated hand grips.
The CVO Limited is meant to combine custom styling and touring luxury. The 2015 version has polished chrome wheels and heated hand grips. (Harley-Davidson)
Caption Harley-Davidson 2015 motorcycle lineup
Harley-Davidson
The CVO Ultra Limited also has the new Daymaker LED lighting, ABS braking and Harley's Boom! Box entertainment system.
The CVO Ultra Limited also has the new Daymaker LED lighting, ABS braking and Harley's Boom! Box entertainment system. (Harley-Davidson)
Caption Harley-Davidson 2015 motorcycle lineup
Harley-Davidson
The 2015 CVO Road Glide Ultra features a new triple splitstream venting system to lower wind noise and reduce head buffeting.
The 2015 CVO Road Glide Ultra features a new triple splitstream venting system to lower wind noise and reduce head buffeting. (Harley-Davidson)
See more galleries
Three of the motorcycles disappeared after filming was completed. The fourth, which was almost entirely destroyed in the movie's final crash sequences, went to actor Dan "Grizzly Adams" Haggerty, who restored the motorcycle and later sold it. The bike has been displayed since at the National Motorcycle Museum in Anamosa, Iowa.

Harley-Davidson: 2015 motorcycle lineupCaption Harley-Davidson 2015 motorcycle lineup
Harley-Davidson
The Electra Glide Ultra Classic Low sits even lower than its predecessor, with handlebars that are closer to the rider and even smaller grips for easier clutch and brake control.
The Electra Glide Ultra Classic Low sits even lower than its predecessor, with handlebars that are closer to the rider and even smaller grips for easier clutch and brake control. (Harley-Davidson)
Caption Harley-Davidson 2015 motorcycle lineup
Harley-Davidson
The Electra Glide Ultra Classic Low, designed to appeal to smaller riders, also is fitted with hydraulic Assist and Slip clutch, for easier lever pull.
The Electra Glide Ultra Classic Low, designed to appeal to smaller riders, also is fitted with hydraulic Assist and Slip clutch, for easier lever pull. (Harley-Davidson)
Caption Harley-Davidson 2015 motorcycle lineup
Harley-Davidson
The CVO Limited is meant to combine custom styling and touring luxury. The 2015 version has polished chrome wheels and heated hand grips.
The CVO Limited is meant to combine custom styling and touring luxury. The 2015 version has polished chrome wheels and heated hand grips. (Harley-Davidson)
Caption Harley-Davidson 2015 motorcycle lineup
Harley-Davidson
The CVO Ultra Limited also has the new Daymaker LED lighting, ABS braking and Harley's Boom! Box entertainment system.
The CVO Ultra Limited also has the new Daymaker LED lighting, ABS braking and Harley's Boom! Box entertainment system. (Harley-Davidson)
Caption Harley-Davidson 2015 motorcycle lineup
Harley-Davidson
The 2015 CVO Road Glide Ultra features a new triple splitstream venting system to lower wind noise and reduce head buffeting.
The 2015 CVO Road Glide Ultra features a new triple splitstream venting system to lower wind noise and reduce head buffeting. (Harley-Davidson)

Enslavement s Shadowreddit
Co-authored by Ellen M. Snyder-Grenier
By 1943, the United States is embroiled in World War II. To meet the urgent demand for ships and heed President Franklin D. Roosevelt's call to hire African Americans for war jobs, Chester, Pennsylvania's Sun Shipbuilding -- located just below Philadelphia on the Delaware River waterfront and one of the largest facilities in the nation -- opens up a segregated yard: "Yard No. 4."
Some see it is progress. It means 6,200 jobs for African American workers. Others say it is a step backwards -- that it makes segregation look like a workable solution for American society. "[It would be] an industrial utopia... wherein 9,000 race workers are to hold every job and execute every task," says Emmett Scott, former Booker T. Washington chief aide, who helped Sun Shipbuilding create the segregated yard. Earl Dickerson, an African American member of the Fair Employment Practices Committee, disagrees. "I would rather see 10,000 Negroes out of work in Philadelphia," he counters, "than to have those 10,000 work in a separate place."
Even as arguments over the segregated yard continue, Yard No. 4 employees build and launch ships crucial to the war effort. The October 1943 cover of Our Yard pictured above, Sun Shipbuilding's company magazine, celebrates their efforts. Workers lean into the urgent job at hand as they make the mighty Marine Eagle rise on the Delaware River waterfront. It is the first ocean-going ship built entirely by African Americans, and a proud chapter in a centuries-old shipbuilding tradition along the lower Delaware.
Sun Shipbuilding also had integrated yards. But the symbolism of its segregated yard, No. 4, was particularly charged in this era. The United States had joined the Allies to fight for freedom overseas. And yet, as Yard No. 4 so clearly demonstrated, African Americans still lacked full freedom and citizenship. Segregation existed on the home front; at the front; and even in the places where those two worlds intersected -- like the USO. In Philadelphia, there were two: one for white sailors and soldiers; another for African Americans of the same status. When in 1945 an African-American serviceman danced with a white hostess at the city's white USO, he was told that is "was no place for a colored soldier, and that he should go to the Negro Canteen." He responded, said a 1945 report on the incident, "that he had been fighting overseas for 3 years, and thought he was fighting for democracy."
Not surprisingly, when World War II ended in 1945, the last hired were the first fired. Sun Shipbuilding's Yard No. 4, which had employed thousands of African-American workers, closed.
Yard No. 4 represented the crux of Jim Crow. The Civil War ended in 1865, but enslavement's shadow had not faded easily. Instead, it gave birth to discrimination. When the 1896 Supreme Court upheld segregation and the doctrine of separate but equal set forth in Plessy v. Ferguson, Jim Crow -- a set of laws that made African Americans second-class citizens in the United States -- followed. Everything was supposed to be separate and equal. But it was all but equal.
African Americans were forced to live in a Jim Crow world that was very different from the world inhabited by most white Americans. Along the tidal Delaware, these different worlds were visible in many places -- on the river itself; on the ocean into which it flowed; and along the Philadelphia docks.
You could see these different worlds along the Delaware River and Bay, where, in the spring, shad turned the river silver as they swam in from the Atlantic to their breeding grounds. At the turn of the century, shad fisheries lined the banks; they were owned by whites. If you were African American, you could get a job rowing a skiff, or pulling in shad nets. Most jobs open to African Americans were, in this Jim Crow period, low-paying and low status.
These different worlds were also visible at sea, for centuries a place of opportunity for black seamen. In the early 1900s, that changed. Opportunities dwindled. If you were African American, the only job open to you aboard ship was as a steward or cook.
And these different worlds were visible along the Philadelphia docks, where, in the early 1900s, 6 out of 10 longshoremen were African American. Working conditions were bad, and whites were paid more than blacks doing the same job -- until the Industrial Workers of the World entered the picture. While many unions in the United States excluded African Americans, the IWW welcomed them. For a brief moment, it was a shining example of what labor could be. By the end of the 1920s, though, the IWW was replaced by the International Longshoremen's Association, which reintroduced the Jim Crow policies of unequal pay and opportunity.
As Yard No. 4 would show, the struggle to redefine freedom was still at force in the 1940s; it would continue for decades to come. For each story of progress there was another of rights taken away. For each time of hope was another of disillusionment.
The Delaware's tides, ebbing and flowing, continued to be an apt metaphor for the changing nature of freedom. It would take the 1960s, and the advent of the Civil Rights movement, to put forward a new vision of what life, freedom, and citizenship could be.
Next installment: Civil Rights
The image is the front cover of the October 1943 issue of "Our Yard," Illustrated by William Smith (b. 1921), Courtesy of the Collections of Independence Seaport Museum and the Sun Ship Historical Society
Ellen M. Snyder-Grenier is an independent curator, exhibition developer, and writer, and principal of REW & Co.
Follow Dr. Tukufu Zuberi on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TukufuZuberi
More:

Playing Monopoly With Our Livesreddit
In all likelihood, when you were little, you played America's best-selling board game, Monopoly.  The colorful money, antique tokens, and cartoon old man let us pretend to be important, to feel successful, to realize the American Dream of prosperity.  This childhood memory becomes something parents share with their children, growing into a cultural touchstone spanning generations.
Perhaps it is the warm memories of playing with siblings that obscures what the game's objectives are, how it is played, and the lessons it imparts.  For one, there is the object of the game itself, plainly stated: The winner is the last player left in the game, having driven their opponents into bankruptcy.
Just recently, Bank of America agreed to the largest court settlement in history: $16 billion with the Department of Justice in a wide-ranging lawsuit over the bank's collateralized debt schemes.  Do you think that the executives at Bank of America that engineered these schemes believed that robbing their customers was okay because it meant they were getting ahead by bankrupting others?  You have to wonder what kind of monopoly mindset breeds such betrayal of the client.
And you also have to wonder why any of these bankers won't be held accountable, considering this was orchestrated by people who knew better.  Yet, corporate personhood means that fingers can be pointed in countless directions, plausible deniability abounds, and the defense of "I was just following orders" seems to get everybody off the hook.  Corporate personhood is the ultimate get-out-of-jail-free card.
Even the very rules of Monopoly violate anti-trust legislation that has been in place for generations.  These are the kind of laws that helped America grow and thrive, like preventing corporations from discriminatory pricing in railroad shipping.  This is the same Interstate Commerce Act cited in the Supreme Court's ruling over the implementation of the Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare) as to whether or not the federal government can be involved in regulating state health insurance programs.  Those who were mad that others' healthcare was not taken away are probably the same ones who prefer to own all the railroads and utilities in Monopoly, clucking at others' misfortunes.
The recent anniversary of Occupy Wall Street reminds us of the basic inequality that compelled so many to take to the streets spontaneously in protest.  While "We are the 99%" became the rallying cry for demonstrators, the lop-sided distribution wherein 1 percent of the population owns over 40 percent of the wealth wasn't even the real outrage.  More specifically, the target of ire were those among the top one percent that use their money to rig the system in their favor still more, generally through political spending.  It's not so much about being against rich people as it is being against rich people buying government.
Yet we learned in Monopoly that not only is hoarding wealth the American Dream, but that the banker can take money as needed to keep the game going, much like the executives who gave themselves obscene bonuses from federal bailout money after crashing the American economy.  What's more, in Monopoly, there are many unwritten rules known only by experts, like trading properties or bidding on open squares.  For most Americans, not being clued in to insider rules is an unfair disadvantage, allowing trusting citizens to invest in worthless derivatives, presume a bank won't try to steal their house, or believe that their elected leaders actually care about their constituents instead of their contributors.
Because while corruption has long been born from candidates' need to fill their campaign coffers, the role money plays in politics today has reached crisis levels.  The public's contempt for politicians has reached new heights, between their relentless fundraising and the negative ads they buy, with a bipartisan majority believing their representatives don't listen to them.  The 2010 Supreme Court decision Citizens United allowed corporations to spend unlimited money in elections without having to disclose its origins, opening up a new era of Dark Money that fuels our elections with unknown motivations -- because if those motivations were known, they probably would not be popular.
But there's one motivation for dark money that you could probably guess, and it is reason enough to worry: a return on investment.  Just like when you build houses and hotels on your squares in Monopoly to extort jacked-up rents from other players landing on your properties, pouring money into politics through lobbying and campaign donations pays back manifold.  From deregulation of industry standards (also known as "decriminalization"), to tax breaks, to government contracts, to federal giveaways, the return on investment from political spending averages a whopping 22,000 percent, according to a study published in the Journal of Law & Politics.  Is it really a capitalist market when the marketplace is rigged by those who paid more to change the rules in their favor?  Is it really a democracy when people's votes matter less in elections than corporate spending?
No matter how much the Supreme Court may dilute the definition of corruption to a meaningless term, by insisting that no amount of money can corrupt a politician, the larger injustice doesn't seem to matter to these justices: Beyond the right of an individual to spend as much as they want in elections, what about those who cannot afford to max out contributions?  What the court has said in Citizens United vs. FEC and again this year in McCutcheon vs. FEC is that might makes right -- that our rules should be curtailed to benefit the very richest, that the biggest spender deserves the biggest latitude, and that the only voices that matter are those that can afford to dominate the discussion.
So how do we escape this real-life Monopoly?  Well, for starters, it might interest you to know that the game of Monopoly as we know it is itself a corporate lie, an appropriation from the public domain that inverted lessons meant to teach the dangers of real estate monopolies.  Realizing that we have grown up with a lie for our favorite childhood board game is symbolic of the larger questions we must ask ourselves about how much we let corporate hegemony control our society.
The official story of Monopoly's invention reads like Horatio Alger, a success story of man trying to feed his family during the Great Depression.  In 1932, as the story goes, Charles M. Darrow conceived of a finance board game with intricate rules and colorful squares that let the gamers play mogul.  After Parker Brothers first turned down the game, they saw that it was catching on in department stores as Darrow made copies himself, so in 1934 they acquired the rights to the game.  The game got bigger and bigger, making Darrow and his descendants fabulously wealthy.
Since Darrow lived in Philadelphia, it might have seemed curious that the squares in this game were named after Atlantic City streets.  While Darrow would maintain in his correspondence with Parker Brothers that he conceived of the game all by himself, Parker Brothers had been hearing that there was already another game from their sellers, and it was just like the Monopoly that Darrow claimed to create.
Flashback 30 years.  In 1904, a patent was registered for a board game called The Landlord's Game, to a woman named Elizabeth Magie.  The game featured squares of property, with different prices, going around a board, with the object being the accumulation of property.   Players could buy, trade, and auction off properties as they managed their burgeoning real estate empires.   There was a Park corner, a jail that players could be sent to, and cards that kept the game moving.
But The Landlord's Game was designed to teach.  Lizzie Magie had been a follower of the Quaker economist Henry George, who strove for equitable distribution of wealth in society.  Among George's lessons that Lizzie Magie wanted to impart: the idea that increasing the value of property creates a bubble because it offers no new wealth or commerce.  The notion of a real estate bubble imploding is not so far-fetched today.
The Landlord's Game was so popular, it continued to spread for decades even when the game went out of print.  Friends taught each other the game, even making their own board games from wood or oilcloths.  The game was particularly popular among Quakers, who modified the rules to make playing more conducive to the Quaker lifestyle.  From homes to schools to a Quaker orphanage, the little changes made to the Landlord's Game (also known as "finance," or "monopoly" with a lower-case "m") became integral to the eventual popularity of the game.
So when Charles Darrow was introduced to the game and then passed it off as his own, it would take corporate intervention to monopolize this property.  Imagine what would be involved if you tried to claim inventing "cards" or "chess."
This background and the man who uncovered it, Ralph Anspach, appear in my new documentary PAY 2 PLAY , which looks at our modern system of pay-to-play politics like a game of monopoly.  I wanted to tell his story in my film because I found that the original folklore had been reinforced so much by the makers or Monopoly that when I told people their childhood game was a corporate lie, no matter how jaded people were at politics and corruption and greed, their reaction was almost always shock: "Not Monopoly!"  That outrage is the spark to action.
Because we need to get past our jadedness doubt that what we say or do has little or no impact.  Our stories spread and grow because of the human connection between us.  The hundreds of thousands of people who took to the streets of New York for the Climate March are using their voices to make the call to action louder than ever.  They obviously weren't there because of the corporate media.
Follow John Wellington Ennis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/johnennis
More:

The Mysteries of Inequality Are Only Mysterious to Elitesreddit
Developing explanations for the growth in inequality over the last three decades has been a huge growth industry in economics and policy circles. Many economists have made their careers with a novel explanation of how the natural development of technology and the market has concentrated income and wealth in the top one percent. It's even better if you can show that inequality hasn't risen . While the explanations that blame inequality on technology can get complicated, there were three items in the last week that painted the picture very clearly for the rest of us.
First, we got new data from the Federal Reserve Board and the Census Bureau, both of which showed that typical families are still seeing very little benefit from the recovery to date. The Fed released the 2013 Survey of Consumer Finance which showed median family wealth was still below the 2010 level in spite of the run-up in the stock market.
The Census Bureau released its annual data on income, poverty, and health insurance coverage. While there was some good news on the latter two, median income remained flat. The story in both the Fed and Census analysis remains the same: Those at the top continue to get the bulk of the benefits from economic growth.
The other two items tell us why this is not a surprise. First, we had a meeting of the Federal Reserve Board in which they discussed when they should start raising interest rates. There was a bit of good news for the nation's workers as Janet Yellen, the Fed chair, continued to hold sway with her policy of maintaining the Fed's zero interest rate policy.
However, the bad news is that many members of the Fed's Open Market Committee (FOMC) already are pushing for the Fed to pull the trigger and start raising interest rates. Furthermore, others have indicated that they are prepared to join the trigger happy group as soon as there is any evidence of wage growth. Yellen as chair has the most important voice, but if she loses the support of the rest of the FOMC, interest rates will rise.
There should be no doubt what that means. The purpose of the Fed's raising interest rates is to slow the economy to keep people from getting jobs. By keeping the unemployment rate up, the FOMC will be reducing workers' bargaining power and keeping them from getting pay increases. This disproportionately hurts those at the bottom of the income distribution, but puts downward pressure on the wages of most workers.
In other words, we have the central bank of the United States acting deliberately to keep workers from getting pay increases. They justify their actions over concerns about inflation, but we need not take these seriously. Who knows what they believe, but the real-world risk of a dangerous inflationary spiral ranks alongside the risk of attacks by Martians. It ain't going to happen, and they should know this.
Of course high unemployment is not the only policy that has kept wages down over the last three decades. Trade policy has also been designed for this purpose. Our manufacturing workers have to compete with low-paid workers in the developing world; our doctors are protected from this competition. The downward pressure on the wages of ordinary workers is worsened by our high dollar policy which puts domestic workers at an even greater disadvantage.
Government policy has also made it almost impossible for workers to organize unions. And of course we have let the minimum wage fall way behind the cost of living and even further behind productivity.
The other item in the news last week was the anniversary of the collapse of Lehman and the beginning of the bailout. This is the other essential part of the picture. While the government is prepared to act to keep wages from rising, when the Wall Street banks effectively put themselves into bankruptcy, the government was very quick to come to the rescue. Both the Fed and the Treasury Department made it their central mission to keep the Wall Streeters alive. As former Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said repeatedly in his autobiography, there would be no more Lehmans.
So that's the basic story in the simplest possible terms. The government openly acts to ensure that wages don't rise and also to protect Wall Street high flyers who managed to sink their banks with their bad bets. Maybe an economist will win a Nobel Prize for figuring out why inequality is increasing.
Follow Dean Baker on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DeanBaker13
More:

Chinas leadership needs entrepreneursChina needs entrepreneurs more than they need the Communist party
By Henny Sender
Private sector one of most encouraging signs in China today
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dbed72b0-400b-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Khoobsurat  box office collections: Sonam Kapoor  Fawad Khan ink a first in Pakistan  beat Salman Khan  SRKFE editor's picks
'Khoobsurat' box office collections: Sonam Kapoor, Fawad Khan ink a first in Pakistan, beat Salman Khan, SRK
PTI | Karachi | Updated:  Sep 24 2014, 15:09  IST
Sep 24 2014, 15:09  IST
 

For richer or poorer: a financial plan for newlywedsBy Danielle Douglas-Gabriel September 23 Follow @DaniDougPost
(Dawid Markiewicz/iStock)
You’ve unpacked the wedding gifts, written the thank-you notes. But before you settle into married life, take some time to discuss your finances.
By now, you and your spouse should already know about each other’s assets, debt and spending habits. (If you don’t, then start talking.)
Full disclosure: I recently got hitched, so financial planning has become a topic of great interest in my household. My husband and I are thankfully on the same page about saving and investing. Still, it’s an adjustment to go from thinking in terms of my finances to our finances. I reached out to a few experts for advice that should help other couples make this transition. Here’s what they had to say:
Budget: Make a list of your monthly income and expenses, said Joe Sullender, senior vice president and investment officer at Wells Fargo Advisors. Figure out which expenses are a must, such as rent/mortgage, utilities, joint cash reserve, and which are extras, like your monthly manicures.
“Make sure that you have a surplus every month, that you’re not spending more than what is coming in,” Sullender said. “If you have credit card debt, come up with a joint plan to pay that off; then you can discuss your long-term plans.”
Anna Behnam, a financial adviser at Ameriprise, advises her clients to discuss their financial goals early on and map out the best way to get there. That might mean cutting back on things you did when you were single, like dining out several nights a week or buying lunch every day.
“Getting over the single life and moving into the emotional readiness of a joint life is probably the biggest hurdle,” Behnam said. “Put together a couple’s budget, try it out for six months and then revisit the plan.”
Bank accounts: There are a few ways to approach this one. You can combine all of your accounts, keep them all separate or opt for a combination of the two.
Combining them can make it easier to manage your money, but that might entail more negotiation on how every dime is spent. Keeping everything separate may give both of you more autonomy, but it also means keeping track of more accounts. Behnam advises her clients to set up a joint account for shared household expenses and savings goals, while maintaining separate accounts for personal spending.
“At a minimum, have a joint house account, which makes it easier than trying to figure out what half the mortgage is and half the electric bill is,” she said. “You want it to be joint with rights of survivorship, which means that if anything happens to either of you the other one has full rights to the party.”
Credit cards: If you and your spouse have multiple credit cards, make a list of which cards have the best terms — cash back or travel points and no annual fees — and close the rest once you’ve paid off the balance, Behnam said.
“If your husband only has one credit card, leave it open because you want to show that he has experience with credit,” she said. “If you have X number of credit cards that add up to $50,000 worth of credit, in a way a lender has to assume that you’re going to spend that amount. And then they’ll wonder whether you can still afford to repay the loan if you take out all of that credit. If you don’t need all of that credit, close some of those accounts.”
Be careful here. Canceling cards can hurt your credit score if doing so raises your balance in relation to your overall available credit, said Anthony A. Sprauve, FICO’s director of public relations. You can offset the effect by asking for an increase of the credit limit on the cards you want to keep, but do it before you cancel anything.
Also, be mindful of canceling your older cards because once the credit card company stops reporting on the closed account, it could hurt your score as the length of your credit history accounts for 15 percent of your score.
Opening joint credit cards is also tricky. Both of you are responsible for the full balance of the account, so “bad behavior by either spouse will hurt both FICO scores,” Sprauve said.
He added, “Being an authorized user on someone else’s credit card account has minimal impact – positive or negative – on your FICO Score and vice versa.”
Taxes: One of the first things you should do after getting married is adjust the withholding allowances you claim on your W-4 form. Allowances are used to help your employer calculate the amount of income tax to withhold from your paycheck based on income, deductions and marital status.
If your spouse isn’t working, for instance, you can add an allowance. Visit the Internal Revenue Service Web site to figure out how many allowances you’re due. If both of you are working, add up all of the allowances you’re entitled to, then divide the total between you and your spouse. Use the W-4 instructions to make sure you are not over- or under-withholding.
“The more withholding allowance you have, the less is taken out of your pay,” said Jackie Perlman, principal tax research analyst at the Tax Institute at H&R Block Retirement.
When it comes to filing your taxes, couples have the choice of “married filing jointly” or “married filing separately.” Consult an accountant or use an online calculator to figure out which status will result in the lowest taxes.
The more divergent your income (you make $90,000 and your spouse makes $40,000), the more likely that filing jointly will push the higher earner into a lower tax bracket. But if your incomes are about the same and both high, combining them could result in paying more taxes.
Keep in mind that filing separately as a married couple has limitations, Perlman said. If you itemize deductions, your spouse cannot claim the standard deduction, so you both would have to itemize or use the standard deduction. You two would also be ineligible for many tax credits, including education tax credits, student tax deductions and the earned income credit.
Another disadvantage to filing separately is that you and your spouse will be ineligible for the  premium tax credit , a refundable tax credit designed to help low or moderate income people buy health insurance through the exchanges established in the Affordable Care Act. (There are exceptions for victims of domestic abuse.)
Perlman said there are some compelling reasons for couples to file separately, especially when one person has fallen behind in student loan payments, owes back taxes or child support. Joint filers are liable for each others debts and could have both of their wages garnished regardless of who owes the money.
“If you want to keep your refund protected, file an injured spouse form where you’re telling the IRS upfront not to come after you for what your husband did,” Perlman said.
Retirement: Behnam has her married clients figure out how much they need to save on a monthly basis for retirement. If the couple has individual 401k plans through employers who match their contributions, she encourages them to fund those plans first. Any money that is left after that should go into a joint retirement account, preferably a Roth IRA because of the tax break on the money withdrawn from the account during retirement, she said.
Only one spouse can lay claim to an individual retirement account, though you can both contribute. Roth IRAs comes with income and contribution restrictions . A married couple filing their taxes jointly can earn no more than $181,000 to fully contribute to a Roth IRA, while the cap for a couple filing separately is $10,000 per person. If you’re under age 50, you and your spouse can each contribute $5,500 a year to the joint retirement account.
Insurance: When it comes to health insurance, you and your spouse should do a cost-benefit analysis of your individual plans and the family plans offered by your employer, Behnam said. Keeping your individual plans may save you more money than signing up for a family plan, but more often than not joint health insurance is the best way to go.
If you both have cars, consider consolidating your auto policies. Many large insurers, including Nationwide, AllState and Geico, offer multi-car discounts. Depending on the insurer, you could also bundle your auto and homeowners or renters insurance. Nationwide recommends that couples take account of all of their possessions  – jewelry, computers, smartphones and wedding gifts – that need to be covered under one homeowners or renters policy.
Many employers offer some life and disability insurance with basic coverage, which is a good floor for couples starting out. Financial advisers recommend taking out an additional policy or increasing your existing one, when you and your spouse are ready to have children.
Danielle Douglas-Gabriel covers student debt. Before that, she wrote about the banking industry.

Chiquita bid marks banana history twistChiquita tussle is juicy twist in Latin America’s banana history
By Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d3976c8c-416f-11e4-a7b3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

London stocks hit by US tax crackdownLondon stocks hit by US tax crackdown
By Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07f2de4a-42fa-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Unfair to look at climate change commitment on participation basisE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Talko messaging app seeks to bring voices back to phonesSep 23, 2014 at 05:25pm IST
Talko messaging app seeks to bring voices back to phones
23
0
San Francisco: Longtime technology guru Ray Ozzie wants to bring back the emotions of the human voice to phones.
His mission began more than two years ago as Ozzie noticed people were increasingly communicating through texts, emails and social media posts instead of calling each other.
"When you see nothing but words and numbers, it becomes very mechanical and very transactional," Ozzie said in an interview. "But when you hear the sound of someone's voice, it really brings it much closer to home."
Talko, an app by Microsoft's former chief software architect Ray Ozzie, sends the equivalent of text messages in the form of a spoken word.
#talko #messaging apps #ray ozzie
Ozzie, 58, Microsoft's former chief software architect, hopes to orchestrate voice's comeback through Talko, a mobile application being released Tuesday for the iPhone. A version for Android phones is expected in a few months.
Talko sends the equivalent of text messages in the form of a spoken word. Talko users can record a voice message and send it over the Internet to anyone else with the app. Recipients listen to the recording when it's convenient, rather than being interrupted by a traditional phone call.
All messages will be stored for 10 days, though users can buy a subscription - expected to be $5 to $9 per month - to permanently store messages. For the first few months, Talko will store all voice recordings for free.
Users can choose to make their recordings available to more than one person, a feature that Ozzie believes will make Talko ideal for employees working in the same department of a company.
The five DigitalGlobe workers who installed the app in July as part of Talko's testing didn't use it much initially, partly because they were so accustomed to texting and emailing each other or trying to schedule a conference call when they needed to talk, said Ed Locher, DigitalGlobe's senior vice president of corporate marketing.
But Talko turned out to be valuable in the five days leading up to the launch of a DigitalGlobe satellite last month, Locher said. "It reminded me of a walkie talkie," he said. "It was much faster than texting or trying to set up a conference call."
Ozzie isn't under the delusion that voice messages are going to supplant popular communications apps such as WhatsApp, Snapchat and Tango, which combine texts and photo sharing. Talko also accommodates texts and photos to supplement the voice recordings.
Another technology industry veteran, Alan Braverman, also is trying to give voices a new outlet on phones. Last week, his San Francisco startup incubator, Giant Pixel, released an iPhone and iPad app called Sobo that offers a vocal twist to Twitter, the popular short-messaging network. Sobo users can record six-second sound bites that are then broadcast to their followers. Braverman is best known as a co-founder of Yammer, a social networking tool for businesses that Microsoft bought for $1.2 billion in 2012.
Meanwhile, the Messages app in Apple's new iOS 8 software for mobile devices also lets users record and send short audio messages. Recipients raise their iPhones to their ears to automatically play the message. Under default settings, messages expire two minutes after listening.
Ozzie was well known before Microsoft bought one of his previous startups, Groove Networks, for an undisclosed amount in 2005. In the 1980s, he played a key role in creating a suite of document-sharing tools at Lotus Development, now owned by IBM. Shortly after joining Microsoft, Ozzie succeeded company co-founder Bill Gates as chief software architect, a role he held until he left Microsoft in 2010.
The 11-employee startup behind Talko is funded by Ozzie's personal fortune and investments from venture capital firms Andreessen Horowitz and Greylock Partners. Lotus funder Mitch Kapor also is backing Talko.
Although Talko is focusing on the business market, Ozzie said he hopes employees will have such a positive experience that they will encourage their family members and friends to install the app, too.
"I really do believe it will spread by word of mouth," Ozzie said.
1

Alibaba s Jack Ma rises to top of China rich list0
Tech billionaires accounted for half of the top 10 names and included Tencent Holdings founder Pony Ma in fifth place with an $18.1 billion fortune and Baidu CEO Robin Li in sixth with $17.5 billion.
Making the top 10 for the first time were cellphone company Xiaomi co-founder Lei Jun and e-commerce entrepreneur Liu Qiangdong who led JD.com to a New York listing this year — in ninth and tenth positions respectively.
While six real estate developers occupied the top 10 places in 2013, just two made the cut this year, a reflection of a Chinese housing market that has stalled for several quarters.
Although the vast majority of the roughly 1,100 people tracked by Hurun saw their wealth grow, it's tense times for the Chinese elite as President Xi Jinping's administration continues its far-reaching corruption crackdown in the public and private sectors.
According to Hurun, five members of its rich list are under investigation, two have been imprisoned, two are awaiting sentencing, one has been sentenced to death, while one — the flamboyant Sichuan businessman Li Yan — has disappeared.
Hurun said it counted a record 354 billionaires in mainland China, up 13 percent from last year and which compares with just 65 billionaires in 2012.
"The entrepreneurial spirit that has caught China seems not to be abating, with eight self-made individuals born in the eighties making the list," said British accountant Rupert Hoogewerf, Hurun Report chairman and chief researcher.
Hurun said its rankings were accurate as of mid-August. It was not immediately clear what valuation it used for Alibaba. A record-setting IPO this month catapulted Alibaba's valuation to well over $200 billion. Ma owns 7.8 percent of Alibaba and also made gains of some $850 million by selling shares in the offering.
Despite the size of Alibaba's IPO, only one other Alibaba shareholder, Simon Xie, made Hurun's list, coming in at No. 177. Xie is an Alibaba vice president and co-founder who holds significant shares in the company alongside Ma.

Chicago plans to more than double taxis for disabled11
The Emanuel administration will announce plans to add at least 204 more accessible taxis over the next four years, officials said.
"For many of us, taxis are a necessary means of getting from point A to point B," Mayor Rahm Emanuel said, "and more wheelchair-accessible vehicles are a step in the right direction."
By the end of 2018, taxi licensees who own at least 10 medallions will be required to have 10 percent of their fleet made up of wheelchair-accessible vehicles.
Currently, taxi licensees with at least 20 medallions are required to have 5 percent of their fleets made up of wheelchair-accessible vehicles, officials said.
The city requires that existing wheelchair-accessible taxis be replaced by new wheelchair-accessible taxis when the end of their life cycle is reached. That ensures that the number of accessible taxis will not shrink, officials said.
The expansion of fully accessible taxis will be subsidized in part by the city's accessibility fund, which currently contains $3.5 million. The fund is supported by fees paid by the taxi and ride-share industries, under a new city ordinance regulating ride-share services, officials said.
Ride-share companies including Uber X, Lyft and Sidecar have cut into the traditional taxi business by contracting with noncommercial drivers who provide rides in their private vehicles. Customers of the ride-share services use cellphone apps to arrange rides.
Advocates for the disabled community said the planned increase is not enough.
New York's taxi fleet will be 50 percent accessible by 2020, said Gary Arnold, public relations coordinator for Access Living in Chicago.
Tuesday morning at City Hall, taxicab accessibility will be discussed at a joint hearing of the Committee on License and Consumer Protection and the Committee on Human Relations.
Before the hearing, leaders in the disability community, joined by the heads of the council committees , are scheduled to hold a news conference calling for an increase in the number of accessible taxis in Chicago. They will present strategies for reaching the goal, including mandates, incentives, enforcement and new funding sources, supporters of the initiative said.

More female tech founders win fundingMore women win venture capitalist backing in Silicon Valley
By Sarah Mishkin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4700e658-2e1f-11e4-b760-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Witching trend underlined by pullback‘Witching’ trend underlined by pullback
By Jamie Chisholm
S&P 500 falls 69% of time after options expiry
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d789abf6-42f6-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Five ways the internet of things is already brokenand how to fix itInternet of Everything
September 23, 2014
There are some 10 billion internet-connected devices in the world today. These include phones, computers, cars, and the assorted grab-bag of devices that fall under the rubric of the “ internet of things ” (IoT). By 2050, there will be over 100 billion internet-connected devices. The vast majority of those will be “things”: lightbulbs, doorknobs, coffee machines, and, yes, fridges .
But there are some big obstacles before the internet of things can become a viable business. A recent research paper from IBM lays out the top five:
1) Cost
If IoT devices are to sell at scale, they need to be cheap enough to replace the “dumb” devices they’re replacing, whether those are lightbulbs or keychains. If they are cheap, the businesses that make them need sources of revenue beyond the product itself. And customers will want service and maintenance. But “the cost of supporting and serving billions of smart devices will be substantial—even something as simple as maintaining centralized servers that distribute regular software updates,” write the authors of IBM’s paper.
2) Trust
Trust in the internet has taken a beating over the past year with revelations of mass spying and increasing awareness of corporate surveillance for advertising purposes. It will take some convincing for people to trust that the connected devices in their homes, cars, and on their person will not be open to similar abuse.
3) Longevity
Computers are replaced every few years. Smartphones every 24 months. Doorknobs tend to stay in service in decades. IoT companies need to figure out how to convince potential customers that their devices will last—or that they will be updated at regular intervals without substantial cost.
4) Utility
What is the point of a connected device? “A smart, connected toaster is of no value unless it produces better toast,” write the paper’s authors. Connected devices must offer more than just connectivity.
5) Making money
“We’ve been working with clients who make smart homes, IoT networks, and they’re struggling with a twofold problem,” says Paul Brody, IBM’s vice-president of mobile and internet of things, and one of the paper’s authors. “They are almost uniformly finding that they’re getting less revenue than they hoped. They had built business plans on unrealistic assumption that’s I’m going to get user revenue, sell user data, and going to have ads. But didn’t realize how much its going to cost and how many years devices are going to be in service.” There is, after all, only so much valuable information to be gleaned from a smart kettle.
The future
So what is to be done? Brody has a wild idea: He suggests looking to the infrastructure of Bitcoin; more specifically, to the Blockchain , the open ledger that the Bitcoin system uses to ensure accountability while remaining anonymous and decentralized. The paper suggests that using a Blockchain-like mechanism to coordinate IoT devices would allow the devices to use each others’ spare processing power (thus reducing the need for expensive centralized servers), verify each other through consensus, and reduce the risk of failure thanks to its decentralized nature.
This would, Brody admits, necessitate a “quiet period” and for companies to “go back to the drawing board.” Brody predicts that it is only in 2016 or 2017 that we will see a flood of new devices that actually add value, and in sustainable ways. That matches up with a recent Gartner prediction that hype around the internet of things had peaked . Still, rethinking the architecture of the internet of things seems a pretty wild idea. Brody says IBM is working on a proof of concept with Samsung, which it will show early next year, but he doesn’t disagree: “It is both a ridiculously impractical and undesirable,” he says. “And also very feasible.”
Share this:

Barclays fined 37.7m on cash safeguardsBarclays hit by fines in UK and US
By Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/13bb28fe-431d-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fingers crossed: Mangalyaan on course to enter Mars  orbitMangalyaan on course to enter Mars' orbit; will India make space history?
KATY DAIGLE , AP  New Delhi, September 23, 2014
First Published: 19:04 IST(23/9/2014) | Last Updated: 05:24 IST(24/9/2014)
With homegrown technology and a remarkably low budget of about $75 million, India was on course to become the first nation to conduct a successful Mars mission on its first try.
Mangalyaan during its Geocentric phase and Trans Mars Injection. (Source: ISRO)
If the Mars Orbiter Mission, affectionately nicknamed MOM, settles into orbit on Wednesday morning as planned, India will join the US, European Space Agency and the former Soviet Union in the elite club of Martian explorers.
The next few hours will be crucial as the Indian Space and Research Organisation commands a series of maneuvers to position the spacecraft in its designated orbit around Mars.
"We have to excel," space agency chief K Radhakrishnan said, adding that the mission would "establish the capabilities of India to orbit a spacecraft around Mars."
Read: School children to watch live telecast of Mangalyaan's entry into mars
If India can pull it off, it would be a major feat for the developing country of 1.2 billion people, most of which are poor. At the same time, India has a robust scientific and technical education system that has produced millions of software programmers, engineers and doctors.
It would also be the first success on a maiden attempt. More than half the world's previous attempts - 23 out of 41 missions - have failed, including attempts by Japan in 1999 and China in 2011.
Read: Isro successfully test-fires Mangalyaan engine, all set for Mars now
Scientists were giddy when the orbiter reached the outer sphere of Mars' gravitational pull on Monday, after the main liquid engine successfully fired after being dormant for 300 days as the satellite traveled 666 million kilometers (413 million miles) since breaking away from Earth's gravitational sphere on Dec 1.
"The spacecraft is healthy. It has completed 98 percent of its journey to Mars," Radhakrishnan said. The Indian space agency confirmed that MOM had a "perfect burn for 4 seconds as programmed" that adjusted the spaceship's trajectory.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi plans to join scientists at the agency's command center in Bangalore to monitor the satellite's final insertion into orbit on Wednesday morning.
The 1,350-kilogram (nearly 3,000-pound) orbiter would join NASA's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution mission, or Maven, which reached its position around the Red Planet on Sunday for a price tag of $671 million - nearly 10 times that of MOM's.
Maven's chief investigator, Bruce Jakosky of the University of Colorado, said the US team was rooting for the Indian mission. "We're hoping for their success," he said Monday. "We're sending them the best wishes from the entire Maven team."
There are three more satellites already circling the planet - NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter and Mars Odyssey, and the ESA's Mars Express. On the Martian surface, NASA's Curiosity and Opportunity rovers are rolling across rocky terrain.
India has said the spacecraft - also called Mangalyaan, meaning "Mars craft" in Hindi - is chiefly meant to showcase the country's high-tech space abilities. Already, India has successfully launched a lunar orbiter, Chandrayaan-1, which discovered key evidence of water on the Moon in 2008.
Read: Prayers to be held in Kerala temple for success of Mangalyaan
MOM's scientific goals including using five solar-powered instruments to gather data that will help determine how Martian weather systems work and what happened to the water that is believed to have once existed on Mars in large quantities. It also will search Mars for methane, a key chemical in life processes on Earth that could also come from geological processes.
None of the instruments will send back enough data to answer these questions definitively, but experts say the data will help them better understand how planets form, what conditions might make life possible and where else in the universe it might exist. Some of the data will complement research expected to be conducted by Maven.
The spacecraft is expected to circle the planet for at least six months, following an elliptical orbit that gets within 365 kilometers (227 miles) of the planet's surface at its closest and 80,000 kilometers (49,700 miles) at its farthest.
Radhakrishnan said that while the space agency hopes to soon put a rover on the Moon and to launch another space mission to study the Sun, its main focus will remain developing technologies for commercial and navigational satellite applications.

Watch Steve Jobs Tell Michael Dell  "We re Coming After You"Steve Jobs had them in his sights in 1997.
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in Business Insider.
For some reason, this old clip of Steve Jobs resurfaced last week. It's amazing. 
Advertisement
The clip is from 1997, and it shows Jobs responding to Michael Dell who said, Apple should shut down the company and return money to shareholders. Jobs says he thought that was "rude." And then, he says, "We're coming after you buddy."
It's a good reminder that Apple was an underdog that need to fight for its life back then:

UIDAI covers 1/4 of UP  generates five cr Aa...MNREGA
(According to statement…)
NEW DELHI: The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) today said it has enrolled one- fourth of the Uttar Pradesh population of 19.95 crore and generated more than five crore Aadhaar numbers.
"UIDAI crossed the five crore mark in Uttar Pradesh this week in its second phase, which was started for residents of the state through various non-state registrars (like Banks, Department of Post) and their enrollment agencies in March 2014," a press release said.
According to statement the UIDAI has been enrolling at present more than two-and-a-half lakh residents per day through over 5,000 enrollment kits deployed by 55 agencies in 69 districts of Uttar Pradesh.
The authority has said that it is taking adequate steps to deploy more enrollment kits to meet the targets of maximum enrollments at the earliest.
Widespread awareness has been generated to motivate the residents to approach their nearest enrollment centre to take up Aadhaar enrollment which is available free of cost.
With the 68 crore strong resident database, the Aadhaar identity platform has been serving users ranging from MNREGA workers, PDS , remittance and scholarship beneficiaries, etc.
All these beneficiaries are using their Aadhaar number to avail benefits through authentication. Aadhaar authentication is a novel and state-of-the-art method of enabling Aadhaar holders establish their identity in a full digital manner.
The previous UPA government had entrusted UIDAI, which issues unique identification numbers to residents, to start enrolments in four more states -- Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh and Uttarakhand -- in February 2014.
The new NDA government has also recently approved Phase V of the Aadhaar project which include enrollment by UIDAI in these four states.
There are around 40 crore people in these four states, which were earlier covered under the National Population Register (NPR) project of the Home Ministry.
In the backdrop of slow progress by NPR in these states, the government is pushing for the Aadhaar enrolments in these four states and other parts of the country.
UIDAI was established in 2009 to generate and assign unique identity numbers for residents of India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FIFA 15 promises soccer fans innovationEA promises soccer fans more innovation with FIFA 15
By Zain Asher   @CNNMoney September 23, 2014: 10:06 AM ET
 
This is how Electronic Arts made FIFA 15
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Soccer fans are eagerly awaiting the release of Electronic Arts' FIFA 15 game, hitting shelves Tuesday.
The game is already the best-selling sports video game in history, with well over 100 million copies sold since 1993.
For this release, Credit Suisse expects sales of more than 11 million units by March 2015, riding the wave of this summer's World Cup.
In July, U.S. goalkeeper Tim Howard visited EA's studios in Vancouver and was fitted with a motion capture suit, performing a variety of saves, dives and kicks to help create life-like movements. Fresh off saving the most goals in World Cup history, Howard will be the basis of FIFA 15's goalkeeper animations.
"We're incorporating several Tim Howard attributes this year, for example how well he can dive and what his reaction time is," says Kantcho Doskov, a producer on the FIFA development team.
EA hopes efforts like that counter past criticism of lack of innovation.
"We're always nervous about fan reaction and critical reaction," says David Rutter, Vice President and General Manager of FIFA. "If we were to release a game that had been lazily put together, wasn't innovative, wasn't addressing the concerns or desires of our fans, they would let us know on Twitter and Facebook and trust me, they do a lot of that."
The company had been voted the worst company in America for two consecutive years by Consumerist, prompting CEO Andrew Wilson to adopt a "players first" strategy.
EA now gives fans more of a chance to play the videogames several months prior to release at various studio events and incorporates their feedback into the game's final version.
Other improvements include a more true-to-life movement of the ball across the field and "footprints" in the grass as the players run across the pitch.
Despite the expected success of FIFA 15, video game sales in the U.S have continued to slide.
According to NPD, the number of video game releases in August 2014 declined 41% compared to August 2013.
However, FIFA 15 is set to benefit from the fact that game console sales have been strong, leading to a rise in title sales.
EA also creates other blockbuster franchises including Madden NFL, The Sims, Battlefield and Dragon Age. The company grossed more than $3.6 billion in revenue in fiscal year 2014. The stock has risen 62% so far this year.

Mark Zuckerberg annoys his neighborsNeighbors accuse Zuckerberg of hoarding parking spots
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney September 23, 2014: 12:48 PM ET
 
Mark Zuckerberg's long, loud renovation
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Mark Zuckerberg founded Facebook to bring people together and "connect the world." But it appears he isn't connecting that well with his neighbors.
The 30 year-old tech billionaire has irritated residents of the San Francisco neighborhood where he and his wife Priscilla Chan are remodeling a $10 million home, according to CNN affiliate KPIX.
One gripe: Zuckerberg's people are hogging parking spots.
Last year, the construction crew that is working on the six-bedroom "fixer-upper" informed residents of the Dolores Heights neighborhood that workers would block 4 to 5 parking spaces for their equipment.
Now one neighbor, Trafton Bean, claims that Zuckerberg is hiring people to hold more of the highly-coveted parking spots.
Bean told KPIX that he and his roommates noticed people sitting in parked cars overnight near Zuckerberg's home, which he said was not "exactly kosher."
One of Bean's roommates confronted the car sitters, who he said confessed to being hired by Zuckerberg to hold parking spots in addition to the ones already claimed by the workers.
The parking situation is not the only nuisance Zuckerberg's neighbors are upset about.
KPIX said many neighbors complain about the "ear-splitting" noise of nearly 50 construction workers running jackhammers and tearing up the sidewalk.
The home is being wired with fiber-optic cables so the Zuckerbergs can be fully connected. The property is also equipped with several security cameras, including some across the street, which some residents find intrusive.
The renovation is slated to be done in Spring 2015.
A Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) spokeswoman said the company has no comment on the report.
First Published: September 23, 2014: 11:00 AM ET
Most Popular

Google s Eric Schmidt Wakes Up at 8 AMAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

For $200 000  you can buy a window used in the Manhattan ProjectBy Rachel Feltman September 23 Follow @rachelfeltman
Just $200,000 worth of glass. (Image courtesy of Bonhams)
If you've got around $200,000 to spare, take a gander at this (totally safe) piece of scientific history. The window, which protected scientists as they worked to design the world's first nuclear weapons, is being sold at the New York location of Bonhams auction house.
It's clearly a steal. (Image courtesy of Bonhams)
This isn't the first time that Bonhams has sold some nuclear glass: They've sold sculptural-looking chunks  of the yellow glass (colored by its high lead oxide content , which is what makes it so protective against radiation) as well as  some actual sculptures made of the stuff. Even a spherical paperweight went for $10,000.
The window is actually just one lot of a large History of Science themed auction on Oct. 22. The wares -- mostly globes and old scientific illustrations -- are a lot of fun to browse through, if pretty unobtainable for the average science lover.
The highlight of the auction is an Apple-1 computer, one of only 50 hand-built by Steve Wozniak back in 1976. You can watch it booting up here .
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Health officials will begin first Ebola treatment trials in West AfricaBy Abby Ohlheiser September 23 Follow @abbyohlheiser
A relative weeps as a health department burial team prepares to enter the home of a woman suspected of dying of the Ebola virus in Monrovia, Liberia. (John Moore/Getty Images)
Although experimental treatments for the Ebola virus have already been administered to westerners who contracted the disease, scientists in London, with the help of international aid groups, plan on bringing clinical trials for those treatments to West Africa for the first time. The trials could begin in a matter of months.
Wellcome Trust's $5 million initiative will include drugs from Mapp Biopharmaceutical, Sarepta and Tekmira, according to Reuters . Mapp makes zMapp, the experimental cocktail administered to two Americans who contracted the disease in Liberia. And Tekmira recently gained the approval of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to use its TKM-Ebola treatment on confirmed or suspected cases of the disease.
Both drugs are still in the experimental phase; researchers have not yet determined the safety or effectiveness of the treatments. Although several patients treated with zMapp have recovered from Ebola, there's not enough evidence at this point to suggest that the drug contributed to or caused that recovery.
During the deadliest Ebola outbreak ever in western Africa, two American missionaries received an experimental drug called ZMapp. An Ebola expert explains how ZMapp is derived and how it fights the deadly virus. (Gillian Brockell and Pamela Kirkland/The Washington Post)
However, with Ebola's high mortality rate and the lack of existing treatments, even experimental drugs are in high demand.  As The Post reported, the recent treatment of American Ebola patients with zMapp raised a question: If Americans can get access to experimental treatments like zMapp, why aren't those treatments accessible to the thousands of Africans infected with the virus in the deadliest outbreak in history?
For those administering care and treatment to those patients, it's a complicated question, with limited drug supplies , ethical concerns and the logistics of introducing those treatments into West African facilities all at play. But as the outbreak spreads, with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention now projecting as many as 1.4 million Ebola cases by early 2015, the ethical scales weighing the use of those experimental drugs have tipped towards encouraging fast-tracked trials, which could eventually lead to larger-scale production of those drugs.
Comfort Mensa died outside the JFK Medical Center in Monrovia, Liberia amid confusion regarding her diagnosis. While Ebola health workers decontaminated her body, Doe's family maintained she died from complications of diabetes. (Ashoka Mukpo and Divya Jeswani Verma/The Washington Post)
That's exactly what Wellcome Trust is looking to do. According to its announcement, the charity group will work with pharmaceutical companies to identify several of the most promising Ebola treatments -- and to begin setting up the infrastructure to run clinical trials in West Africa.
"It is a huge challenge to carry out clinical trials under such difficult conditions, but ultimately this is the only way we will ever find out whether any new Ebola treatments actually work," Jeremy Farrar, Wellcome Trust's director, said in a statement. "What's more, rapid trials, followed by large-scale manufacturing and distribution of any effective treatments, might produce medicines that could be used in this epidemic."
Wellcome Trust is pairing with several international health groups, including the World Health Organization, to bring the trials to the region. Marie-Paule Kieny, the WHO's assistant director-general for health systems and innovation, noted in the release that the WHO "confirmed that it is ethical to offer unregistered therapeutic interventions to Ebola patients in the context of the current outbreak, while ensuring that as much information on their safety and efficacy is collected as possible. "
Even if the trials are successful, the plan isn't likely to produce a huge change in the way health officials are fighting the virus any time soon. Any results from the planned trials wouldn't be available for several months after they begin, as the AFP noted , and officials combating the spread of Ebola need to act swiftly to stem the transmission rates at the center of the outbreak.
In addition to experimental drug treatments, health-care workers have also tried experimental blood transfusions from survivors of the illness. As the AP noted . American doctor Rick Sacra received two blood transfusions from Ebola survivor Kent Brantly at the Nebraska Medical Center in September. Sacra, like other American Ebola patients including the Texas doctor Brantly, contracted the illness while working in Liberia, but he was flown to the United States for treatment. Sacra is also receiving experimental drug treatments, including TKM-Ebola .
Doctors believe blood transfusions could help patients fight the illness by transferring the anti-Ebola antibodies of a recent survivor into the bloodstream of a current patient. Nebraska Medical Center's Phil Smith told the AP earlier this month that the aggressive, multi-strategy treatment gave Scara the best chance for survival, but also made it impossible to determine what, if anything, helped Sacra recover. "We administered everything we had access to,” Smith added.
More than 2,800 people have died of Ebola in the current epidemic, and a new CDC estimate predicts that there could be more than 20,000 cases by November. There is no cure for the disease, and treatments are limited.
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

India expects substantive outcome from Modis US visitPrint
We see Prime Minister Narendra Modi's first visit to New York and Washington as a signal of India's abiding commitment to multilateralism and of a desire to build on a growing convergences in Indo-US ties, Said External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
PTI | New Delhi/washington | Posted: September 23, 2014 8:40 pm | Updated: September 23, 2014 9:00 pm
India is expecting a “substantive” outcome from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’ s high-profile US visit from September 26 during which he will have nearly 50 engagements including a bilateral meeting with President Barack Obama and a speech at the UN General Assembly.
Briefing the reporters on the visit, External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin in New Delhi also made it clear that the prime minister “looks forward and not backward” in a relationship when asked about Modi’s boycott by the US after the Gujarat riots in 2002.
“We see Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s first visit to New York and Washington as a signal of India’s abiding commitment to multilateralism and of a desire to build on a growing convergences in Indo-US ties in the areas where we can work together and in areas where we can do more for each other,” he said.
Giving the details of various facets of the Indo-US strategic relationship, the spokesperson said from “atom to outer space and everything in-between” are areas of cooperation between the two countries and the visit will provide an opportunity to enhance this cooperation.
He also said during the deliberations the focus will be trade and investment, energy, science and technology, defence, maritime as well as counter-terrorism and security.
He said the two countries would also explore ways to enhance cooperation in third countries including Afghanistan, which is undergoing transition, and Africa.
“I can assure that there will be substantive outcomes..”, the spokesperson said.
During his over 100 hours of stay in the US, Modi will deliver his maiden speech at the UN General Assembly that will among other issues focus on need for reforms in the UN with India being included as Permanent Member in the Security Council given the country’s role in major UN initiatives such as peacekeeping.
A hectic agenda awaits Modi in the US as he would utilise his stay to meet top global leaders, address thousands of cheering crowds, make a speech at the UN General Assembly (UNGA) and interact with CEOs of the Fortune 500, in addition to his Oval Office meeting with Obama.
The series of engagements — estimated to be over 50 – in a little over 100 hours from the time Air India One touches down at the John F Kennedy international airport in New York on September 26 till the wheels are up at the Andrews Air Force Base in Washington on September 30 evening –- continued…

US  eliminated  al Qaeda plotters in Syria: Pentagonprint
The United States and five Arab nations struck multiple ISIS targets in Syria using fighter jets, bombers and Tomahawk missiles on Monday night.
Going alone in a separate action, the US struck al Qaeda operatives, also in Syria, to foil an “imminent attack”  they were planning against Americans and Western interests.
US military described the strikes as “very successful” but said they were not in a position to share precise details of the impact, apart from aerial shots of damaged ISIS facilities.
ISIS targets included fighters, training compounds, headquarters and command and control facilities, storage facilities, a finance center, supply trucks and armed vehicles.
These attacks were “only the beginning” of a long and sustained campaign to degrade and destroy ISIS, Director of Operations Lt Gen William C Mayville Jr told reporters.
Syria was notified of the strikes, and was warned against engaging US aircraft. The US insisted it did not coordinate the attacks with the Assad regime, or seek its permission.
Read: Why US air strikes on ISIS in Syria is bad news for India
Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates and Qatar participated in the strikes, the first four carrying out what is being called “kinetic action”, dropping bombs.
“America is proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with these nations on behalf of our common security,” said President Barack Obama, before leaving for UNGA on Tuesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is reaching New York for the UNGA on September 26 and comes to DC on September 29 for meetings with President Obama.
Read: Air raids may put Indian hostages at risk, worries govt
The two leaders are expected to discuss the situation in Syria and Iraq, and, specifically, ISIS, which continues to hold 39 Indian citizens it captured three months ago in Mosul.
In Monday night attacks, the US-led coalition conducted 14 strikes against ISIS targets in and around Ar Raqqah, Dayr az Zawr, Al Hasakah, and Abu Kamal in Syria.
The US used “47 TLAMs (Tomahawks) launched from USS Arleigh Burke and USS Philippine Sea operating from international waters in the Red Sea and North Arabian Gulf, as well as US Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps fighter, remotely piloted and bomber aircraft deployed to the US Central Command area of operations”.
Th strikes were conducted in three waves. The first wave, starting at 8:30 pm US eastern (6:00 am in India), targeted Khorasan group facilities west of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
More than 40 Tomahawk missiles struck Khorasan group’s training camps, an explosives and munitions production facility, a communication building and command and control facilities.
US officials said the group, which had been under observation for a while, was in the “execution phase” of a terrorist attacks against American and western interests.
The second wave came at 9:00 pm US eastern (6:30 am in India) with F-22s (Raptors) and F-6s targeting ISIS headquarters and training compounds in northern Syria.
The third wave, that was launched just after midnight (9:30 am, India), targeted ISIS facilities in eastern Syria, and saw a  massive participation of Arab allies.
US officials said they had not targeted the ISIS leadership individually and were aware that its fighters were being dispersed to hide among civilian populations.

Chicago s CF Industries in merger talks with Norway s Yara0
The two firms fought a bitter battle in 2010 over control of U.S. rival Terra Industries, won by CF with a $4.7 billion offer. That deal also put Yara and CF into a 50-50 joint venture operating the GrowHow production units in Britain.
Analysts said regulatory concerns would be minimal as CF focuses on the United States while Yara has few U.S. operations. CF has major production assets while Yara is stronger downstream and runs a coveted distribution network.
With the deal, CF would gain access to global distribution while Yara would benefit from cheap U.S. gas, the main ingredient in ammonia, which forms the base of nitrate fertilizers used in agricultural crops.
Global fertilizer margins have been under pressure, mainly due to Chinese overproduction, and the International Fertilizer Industry Association expects global production growth to well outpace demand at least through 2018.
The association sees nitrogen fertilizer output rising nearly twice as fast as demand between 2014 and 2018, increasing the surplus in the market which could reach 9 percent of global production by 2018.
"In terms of revenues, Yara has the highest revenues but the lower margin, while CF has higher margin and lower revenues," Per Haagensen, an analyst at RS Platou Markets said. "It seems to me that it is a pretty fair merger of equals."
"I don't think there will be a third company coming in and trying to join in because these are the two biggest nitrogen producers essentially."
 
GOVERNMENT HURDLE
Potentially the biggest hurdle to any deal would be the Norwegian government, which owns a 36.2 percent stake in Yara.
The government said in June it would not cut its stake below 34 percent and any change in that stance would likely require approval in Parliament, an uphill battle as the government rules in a minority and relies on opposition parties to push through its agenda.
The Trade Ministry said it had not taken a position while the majority of parties contacted by Reuters said they could support the deal as long as the combined firm's headquarters stayed in Norway and the state maintained a 34 percent stake.
Another snag could be that Yara Chief Executive Joergen Ole Haslestad will be stepping down and will be replaced by Norsk Hydro CEO Richard Brandtzaeg in February.
With U.S. gas prices trading near historic lows, Yara has been working to build capacity in North America and plans to build an ammonia plant with Germany's BASF in Texas.
It also has been expanding rapidly in South America in recent years, buying Bunge's Brazilian fertilizer business and acquiring the majority of Brazilian phosphate miner Galvani Indústria.
CF Industries in March sold its phosphate business to rival Mosaic Co for $1.4 billion to focus on its core nitrogen fertilizer products. It has also been working on a $3.8 billion expansion of nitrogen fertilizer production in Louisiana and Iowa.

Apple iPhone 6 plus outselling smaller model  says surveyApple iPhone 6 plus outselling smaller model  says survey
Ennore Coke: Change in company secretary compliance officerEnnore Coke: Change in company secretary compliance officer
Infibeam bags ICANN license to launch .OOO generic Internet domainInfibeam bags ICANN license to launch .OOO generic Internet domain
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Sep 23, 2014 08:56 PM IST
Ahmedabad-based e-commerce company Infibeam on Tuesday announced launch of a new Generic Top Level Domain (GTLD) dot-triple-O (.OOO), a statement issued by the company said.
“dot-triple-O is the first Generic Top Level Domain (GTLD) to be launched globally by a technology company from India,” said, Vishal Mehta, founder and Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Infibeam.  
The domain, the statement said, will be made available for corporation and general public worldwide through credible and experienced global channel partners with whom it has signed Registry Registrar Agreement (RRA).
Infibeam has cleared all the compliances required, the statement said, and received licence from Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) to own Internet root.
Mehta said, “dot-triple-O (.OOO) allows businesses to catapult brand to an audience, which is very more digital.  Introducing domains under a new extension is a multi-step process which is designed to include protections for trademark holders and give average users a fair shake at getting the digital identity they want.”
The sunrise phase opened yesterday for trademark holders to safeguard relevant registrations before being opened for general availability from October 23. The sunrise phase is a limited pre-registration period and is the mandatory first phase of all new gTLDs. The sunrise is the right period to register brand names as domains. All registries are required to have a sunrise period open only to holders of a validated trademark record in the Trademark Clearinghouse (TMCH).
.OOO is a subsidiary of Infibeam and aimed at redefining online for any and every business across the world.

Spain scraps plan to tighten abortion lawMariano Rajoy scraps plan to tighten Spain’s abortion laws
By Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9d984e8-4326-11e4-9a58-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Government has narrow window for gas price as deadline looms largeSep 23, 2014 at 09:47pm IST
Government has narrow window for gas price as deadline looms large
4
0
New Delhi: The government has a narrow window of one day to approve a new gas pricing mechanism to meet its own deadline of announcing a new rate. The government had promised to come up with a new gas price by September end but it only has on Wednesday to get it approved as Prime Minister Narendra Modi will leave for US on Thursday afternoon.
Tomorrow being a Wednesday is the scheduled day for holding meetings of Cabinet and its committees where the oil ministry can bring up a proposal for new gas price, officials said.
However, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who was on Sunday evening admitted to hospital for a check-up after an operation to treat his diabetes, is yet to be discharged. He may be discharged tomorrow morning, Jaitley's aides
Tomorrow being a Wednesday is the scheduled day for holding meetings of Cabinet and its committees where the oil ministry can bring up a proposal for new gas price, officials said.
#tracking the modi government #gas price #arun jaitley #narendra modi
said.
A meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) can be scheduled after his availability is confirmed, officials said. Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan, who has been consulting Jaitely on the issue, last met the Finance Minister late on Friday evening.
Modi, who will launch the "Make in India" campaign on Thursday morning to promote manufacturing in the country, is scheduled to leave for US late in the afternoon that day. He will return in the evening of October 1.
So if the CCEA does not approve a new price tomorrow, it is likely that government will miss the September 30 deadline. Officials said the entire issue is being treated with utmost secrecy and limited copies of the report of a four-member committee of secretaries that looked at the new pricing mechanism, have been made.
The Oil Ministry, they said, may even take comments on the note it has prepared for the Cabinet, based on the committee recommendation, through email to the concerned ministers, to prevent it from getting leaked.
The government had last month constituted a committee comprising of secretaries of power, fertilizer and expenditure with additional secretary in the oil ministry as its member secretary, to make amends to a formula notified in January that doubled the gas price to $8.4 per million British thermal unit.
Though contents of the report have been kept under wraps, officials indicated that the price increase may be around 50 per cent. Most of the domestically produced gas is currently sold at a price of $4.2 per mmBtu.
The panel has tried to strike a balance between demands for a market linked rate by gas producers to make marginal and deepsea fields economically viable, and consumers in power and fertilizer sector, who have said they cannot afford any rate higher than $5.
The previous UPA government had notified the Rangarajan formula in January but before a rate could be implemented from April 1, general elections were announced and Election Commission sought postponement of its implementation. An increase in gas price would have led to increase in cost of urea, power and CNG.
Every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a Rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just the 7 per cent of the nation's power generation capacity based on gas).
Also, there would be a minimum Rs 2.81 per kg increase in CNG price and a Rs 1.89 per standard cubic metre hike in piped cooking gas. The increase in gas price would bring windfall for the government -- about $2.08 billion (Rs 12,900 crore) from additional profit petroleum, royalty and taxes accruing from doubling of gas rates, according to oil ministry estimates.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs had on June 25 deferred by three months the implementation of a formula approved by the previous UPA government which would have doubled gas price to $8.4 per million British thermal unit.
The Rangarajan formula, approved by the UPA government, was to be implemented from April 1 but was deferred by three months as general elections were announced. The NDA government on June 25 postponed its implementation by a further three months pending a comprehensive review.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had last month told the Parliament that the NDA government decided to review the pricing formula keeping in mind public interest and recommendations of the Parliamentary Standing Committee. Parliamentary Standing Committees on Finance as well as Petroleum had called for a review of the formula suggested by the Dr C Rangarajan headed panel, saying gas price should have some linkage with the cost of production.
According to the Oil Ministry, the cost of gas production varies between $1.86 per mmBtu to $4.31 per mmBtu but a cost-plus price would be perceived negatively by the market. In their submission to the secretaries panel, energy producers have demanded a natural gas pricing policy that is "legitimate, relevant and credible" to maintain investor interest in Indian E&P sector.
State-owned ONGC in its submissions stated that it needs $6-7.15 to break-even on gas it plans to produce from its most prolific KG basin block and a price of between $5.25 to $17.80 per mmBtu to break-even on production planned from seven small and marginal fields in the western offshore.
BP, which partners Reliance Industries in KG-D6 and other blocks, stated that deeper gas fields are not viable at a price of anything less than $10.
0

All 12 sea ports to be connected with railroads  says Nitin GadkariSep 23, 2014 at 09:41pm IST
All 12 sea ports to be connected with railroads, says Nitin Gadkari
13
0
Mumbai: The government plans to work towards directly connecting all 12 major sea ports with railroads and start a roll-on-roll-off service to transport vehicles easily from factories, Union Road Transport and Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari said on Tuesday.
"We plan to connect all major 12 ports with direct rail connectivity for which a proposal has been sent to the Railways. The shipping ministry also plans to start a roll-on-roll-off service to transport vehicles easily from factories," Gadkari said.
Work is also being done to draft new policies for shipbuilding and ship-breaking industry, he said. He emphasised that inland waterways have to be developed since it is much more economical compared to road and rail transport and for this, major rivers need to be connected, he said.
The minister said that it is important for the private sector to collaborate with the government to develop infrastructure.
#nitin gadkari #sea ports #railroads #railways
The minister said that it is important for the private sector to collaborate with the government to develop infrastructure.
However, he admitted that the private sector is shying away from PPP projects primarily because of high interest rates and reluctance of banks to fund such projects.
Given the current situation, foreign investment can prove to be the best source for low-cost funding, he said. Speaking about his ministry's new initiatives, he said said a special North East Corporation would be set up soon to drive infrastructure creation in the North East region. He also spoke about efforts being made to expedite tunnel projects in Jammu and Kashmir.
3

Is Gothams Detective Gordon our new model copBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 23 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
In this image released by Fox, Robin Lord Taylor, left, and Ben McKenzie, are shown in a scene from “Gotham.” (AP Photo/Fox, Jessica Miglio)
When we first meet future police commissioner James Gordon (Ben McKenzie) in the pilot episode of “Gotham,” Fox’s new “Batman” prequel that premiered Monday night, he is in a tight spot. A mentally ill prisoner has seized a cop’s gun in the middle of Gotham’s police department and is holding an officer hostage in exchange for his medication. A dozen of Gordon’s colleagues have their guns drawn, ready to shoot the man. But Gordon, sensing a potential riot if that happens, manages to lull the agitated prisoner with a bottle of aspirin and get in close enough to disarm him, at great personal risk to Gordon himself.
It was a striking scene when I saw it this summer, and it is more striking now, after the shooting death of teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., and the protests that followed. Gordon’s reluctance to use deadly force in that scene, or later in a chase even when a fleeing suspect is firing a gun at him, is meant more to link Gordon to the superhero his future self will work with — Batman is famous for his antipathy to firearms  – than to make a statement about contemporary, and increasingly militarized, policing. Gotham, after all, is a fictional city out of time with our own.
But contemporary politics gave the pilot for “Gotham” a new sting, and also cut to an issue at the heart of the show: How do you tell a story about a good cop’s utter loss of faith in the ability of any conventional institutions to keep a big city safe? How can James Gordon stay a good, principled police detective, someone who shares  Sheriff Andy Taylor’s decency if not his Mayberry setting and policing challenges , while also becoming the kind of police commissioner who would choose to work with a vigilante like Batman?
“Cops deal in violence. When you start enjoying it, that’s when you’ve crossed a line,” “Gotham” showrunner Bruno Heller told me when we spoke about the show in Los Angeles in July. “[Future supervillain] Penguin (Robin Lord Taylor), for instance, is a psychopath, so feels no shame about the visceral enjoyment he gets from causing people pain. But he’s a phsyically weak person so he has to hide that love for violence behind a humble facade. [James Gordon's partner] Harvey Bullock (Donal Logue), it’s instrumental, he has learned that you need to use violence, and he’s even learned that enjoying it occasionally doesn’t make him a bad person.”
Gordon tortures himself when a situation gets so far out of control that deadly force comes into it. When Bullock kills a suspect in the murders of Thomas and Martha Wayne (Grayson McCouch and Brette Taylor), Gordon feels guilty even though he did not pull the trigger. And when it turns out that the man was framed, Gordon’s instinct is to find the real killer, while Bullock wants to leave the case alone, both for the sake of his own reputation and for Gotham’s sense that the Wayne’s murderer is safely beyond reach.
Later, when Carmine Falcone orders Gordon to kill the Penguin, Gordon fakes the murder, hoping that his deception will satisfy Falcone and his kindness will neutralize Penguin. The episode suggests that it may not have been the right choice.
As well grappling with the necessity of violence to his job and the temptations of deadly force, Gordon will have to cope with challenges to his worldview. In the pilot for “Gotham,” Gordon finds himself face-to-face with crime boss Carmine Falcone (“The Wire” veteran John Doman), who suggests that the city is actually more stable when law enforcement and organized crime achieve a truce and a balance.
While he was walking me through the scene, “Gotham” director Danny Cannon told me that “I shot [Doman] from below because I wanted him to tower over Gordon. [Falcone] needed to tower over Gordon in that his ideology needed to tower over him.”
Fox's "Gotham" serves as a prequel to "Batman"with younger versions of many of the characters, including police commissioner John Gordon, played by Ben McKenzie. Director Danny Cannon annotated this scene between Gordon and crime boss Carmine Falcone, played by John Doman. (Jayne Orenstein/The Washington Post)
“One of the great, freeing things about talking about Gotham as opposed to a real city that you can tell truths about the way society works that would be libelous or impossible to tell in the real world,” Heller told me. “Any big American city has a degree of corruption and decadence and crime that can’t be articulated. It can’t be revealed. With Gotham you can make those connections between big business and politics and crime very clear, and naked, and sensational if you like. But they are true connections. No big city works without very specific and coherent lines of communication and control between politicians, crime, big business.”
Gotham is no Mayberry. But the questions the series and James Gordon’s career raise have deadly relevance to us, in cities big and, as Ferguson showed us, small as well.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Obama Cracking Down On Inversion DealsObama Administration To Take Action Against Tax-Avoidance Inversion Deals
 | By                                                                JOSH LEDERMAN and JIM KUHNHENN
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Obama administration cracked down Monday on certain overseas corporate mergers and acquisitions, aiming to curb American companies from shifting their ownership abroad to shirk paying U.S. taxes.
New regulations from the Treasury Department will make these co-called corporate inversions less lucrative by barring creative techniques that companies use to lower their tax bill. Additionally, the U.S. will make it harder for companies to move overseas in the first place by tightening the ownership requirements they must meet.
"This action will significantly diminish the ability of inverted companies to escape U.S. taxation," Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew said. He added that for some companies considering inversions, the new measures would mean inverting would "no longer make economic sense."
Administration officials who briefed reporters could not say how many pending inversions might be stopped by the new rules and specifically would not address whether the rules would block one of the most high-profile moves, an effort that Burger King announced in August to acquire Tim Hortons, a Canadian coffee and doughnut chain.
In such transactions, a U.S. business merges with or is acquired by a foreign company in a country with a lower tax rate. President Barack Obama has denounced inversions as unpatriotic and has urged Congress to stop them.
Obama applauded the Treasury for taking steps to reverse the trend of companies seeking to "exploit this loophole" to avoid paying their fair share in taxes. Yet he said he was still calling on Congress to pursue broader tax reform that would reduce the corporate tax rate, close loopholes and make the tax code simpler.
"While there's no substitute for congressional action, my administration will act wherever we can to protect the progress the American people have worked so hard to bring about," Obama said in a statement.
Coming just six weeks ahead of Election Day, the timing of Monday's announcement highlighted the appeal Democrats believe the issue has with voters. By having Treasury announce new steps now, the White House was practically daring Republicans to voice their opposition.
The announcement puts companies on notice that Treasury will be drafting regulations to clamp down, but the new measures will take effect immediately even while those regulations are pending. That means any transactions from Tuesday onward will be subject to the tougher restrictions.
Three new measures will seek to stop companies from finding ways to access earnings from a foreign subsidiary without paying U.S. taxes, including "hopscotch" loans, in which companies shift earnings by lending money to the new foreign parent company while skipping over the U.S.-based company.
Another rule change would make it harder for merged or acquired companies to benefit from lower foreign taxes by tightening the application of a law that says the American company's shareholders must own less than 80 percent of the new, combined company. The administration would like to reduce that percentage to 50 percent, but that will require legislation. In the absence of legislation, the administration says its new rules will make it harder for companies to get around the 80 percent requirement by prohibiting certain arrangements, such as a firm making large dividend payments ahead of the acquisition to reduce its size on paper.
About 50 U.S. companies have carried out inversions in the past decade, and more are considering it, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service. The recent wave of inversions has been dominated by health care companies, including drugmaker AbbVie, which has announced plans to merge with a drug company incorporated in Britain.
Treasury called the new rules a "targeted action" aimed at ensuring that the U.S. tax system only provides incentives to genuine cross-border mergers that strengthen the economy.
Democrats generally supported the action as the best the administration could do without action from Congress while Republicans faulted the administration for not making a greater effort to work with Congress to enact comprehensive corporate tax reform.
"The administration has made a good effort but administrative action can only go so far," Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said in a statement. "This rule makes some companies think twice before inverting, but legislation is sorely needed."
Republicans pointed out that the U.S. has the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world and argued that Obama should be pursuing efforts to simplify the tax code, not punish companies.
"We've been down this rabbit hole before and until the White House gets serious about tax reform, we are going to keep losing good companies and jobs to countries that have or are actively reforming their tax laws," said Rep. Dave Camp, R-Mich., who chairs the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee.
About 50 U.S. companies have carried out inversions in the past decade, and more are considering it, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service. The recent wave of inversions has been dominated by health care companies, including drugmaker AbbVie, which has announced plans to merge with a drug company incorporated in Britain.
Several Democrats in Congress have announced bills to make it harder for U.S. corporations to carry out inversions, and Obama included provisions in his 2015 budget request to limit inversions.
Obama elevated the issue in July, demanding "economic patriotism" from U.S. corporations that use legal means to avoid U.S. taxes through overseas mergers. "I don't care if it's legal," Obama declared at the time. "It's wrong."
___
AP Economics Writer Martin Crutsinger and AP writer Alan Fram contributed to this report.
Also on HuffPost:

AAP demands explanation on China policy  incursionsAAP demands explanation on China policy  incursions
Obama: No Nation Gets  Free Pass  on ClimateAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

PM Narendra Modi to share ideas through radio programmeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Today s picks- 23 September 2014Today's picks- 23 September 2014
Devangshu Datta |  Sep 23, 2014 10:30 PM IST
NIFTY
Current: 8,018 (futures: 8,032)
Stop short positions at 8,080. Stop long positions at 7,920. Big moves could go till 8,150 or 7,875. A long 8,100c (11) and long 7,900p (7) costs 18 and it could double if either end is hit by Thursday.
BANK NIFTY
Current: 15,902 (futures: 15,930)
Target: 15,750 (futures: 15,775)
Keep a stop at 16,000 and go short. Add to the position between 15,800 and 15,825. Book profits at 15,775.
TECH MAHINDRA
Current: Rs 2,474
Target: Rs 2,520
Keep a stop at Rs 2,450 and go long. Add to the position between Rs 2,500 and Rs 2,510. Book profits at Rs 2,520.
TATA STEEL
Current: Rs 486
Target: Rs 475
Keep a stop at Rs 491 and short. Add to the position between Rs 479 and Rs 481. Book profits at Rs 475.
ONGC
Current: Rs 408
Target: Rs 400
Keep a stop at Rs 413 and go short . Add to the position between Rs 403 and Rs 405. Book profits at Rs 400.
Target prices, projected movements in terms of the next session, unless otherwise stated

