http://usat.ly/1E78KrbFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Average 30-year mortage rate just shy of 4%
Mortgage company Freddie Mac said Thursday the nationwide average for a 30-year mortgage rose to 3.98% from 3.92% last week.
Post to Facebook
Average 30-year mortage rate just shy of 4% Mortgage company Freddie Mac said Thursday the nationwide average for a 30-year mortgage rose to 3.98% from 3.92% last week. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wIwLS1
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Average 30-year mortage rate just shy of 4%
AP 12:57 p.m. EDT October 30, 2014
Rows of townhomes in Centreville, Va.
(Photo: Paul J. Richards, AFP/Getty Images)
102 CONNECT 76 TWEET 38 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON  — Average U.S. long-term mortgage rates arrested their five-week decline this week but the benchmark 30-year loan remained below 4%.
Mortgage company Freddie Mac said Thursday the nationwide average for a 30-year mortgage rose to 3.98% from 3.92% last week. It remained at its lowest level since June 2013. The rate stood at 4.53% back in January.
The average for a 15-year mortgage, a popular choice for people who are refinancing, increased to 3.13% from 3.08%.
The sustained decline in long-term rates sparked a boomlet of homeowners looking to refinance mortgages. Homeowners eager for a bargain rate fired off inquiries to lenders. Applications for "re-fi's" jumped 23% in the week ended Oct. 17 — reaching their highest level since November 2013, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association.
But refinance applications fell 7% in the latest week, ended Oct. 24.
In recent weeks concern over global economic weaknesses brought market turmoil and sent investors seeking safety by pouring money into U.S. Treasurys. Higher demand drives up prices for those government bonds and causes their yields to drop. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note touched new lows. Mortgage rates often follow the yield in the 10-year note.
This week, the 10-year note rose to 2.32% Wednesday from 2.22% the previous week. The note traded at 2.29% Thursday morning.
To calculate average mortgage rates, Freddie Mac surveys lenders across the country between Monday and Wednesday each week. The average doesn't include extra fees, known as points, which most borrowers must pay to get the lowest rates. One point equals 1% of the loan amount.
The average fee for a 30-year mortgage was unchanged from last week at 0.5 point. The fee for a 15-year mortgage also remained at 0.5 point.
The average rate on a five-year adjustable-rate mortgage rose to 2.94% from 2.91%. The fee was steady at 0.5 point.
For a one-year ARM, the average rate edged up to 2.43% from to 2.41%. The fee held at 0.4 point.
102 CONNECT 76 TWEET 38 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wIwLS1
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Congress first list out  no JVM alliancePrint
By: Express News Service | Ranchi | Posted: November 1, 2014 8:49 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 8:55 pm
The Congress on Saturday released its first list of 14 candidates for the Jharkhand assembly elections, retaining eight of the 14 who won in 2009.
The announcement also ended speculations about the party’s pre-poll alliance with the JVM(P). Congress leaders had conducted two rounds of talks with Babulal Marandi’s party, with one of the options on the table being for Marandi to merge his outfit and become the leader of the Congress in the state. “He thinks so highly of himself,” said a frustrated Congress functionary privy to the negotiations. The Congress will now contest from 76 seats; the RJD will get 10, while the JD(U) will field candidates from five.
Meanwhile, the fallout from the break-up of the party’s grand alliance with the JMM continued on Saturday, with most state-based leaders quick to shift the blame to General Secretary and state in-charge B.K. Hariprasad. His October 15 comments in Ranchi where he declared that the Congress would fight under the leadership of Hemant Soren has been widely panned. “Why did he make the statement even before the seat-sharing formula was formalised? We are a national party, we have certain procedures to follow before picking a leader. Even leaders in Delhi were surprised at what he said,” said a leader requesting anonymity. Hariprasad was unavailable for comments.
The party has decided against giving tickets to Saurabh Narain Singh and Yogendra Saw, MLAs from Hazaribagh and Barkagaon respectively. Sao – expelled from his position as minister in the outgoing government – is in jail, having been arrested for founding two criminal gangs. His wife is in the race to replace Sao. Amidst rumours of him leaving the party, Singh – who unsuccessfully contested in the Lok Sabha elections earlier this year – said he has opted out this time. “I want to concentrate on the 2019 Lok Sabha elections,” he said.
The Congress has given Ajay Dubey, eldest son of sitting Bishrampur MLA Chandrashekhar Dubey, the chance to replace his father. The elder Dubey too, was fired from the Hemant Soren cabinet for making personal accusations against the CM. He then left to join the Trinamool Congress but has since returned to the Congress fold. No replacement has been announced yet for Sawna Lakra, the Khijri legislator, has been disqualified after been convicted in a murder case.
Bidesh Singh, who rebelled and won as an Independent from Panki the last time, has been welcomed back. Pradesh Congress President Sukhdeo Bhagat, who came last time, has been re-nominated for Lohadaga.

After crashing with trawler in Gulf of Khambhat  crew of Iranian ship quizzedPrint
Written by Kamal Saiyed | Surat | Posted: November 1, 2014 8:48 pm
The captain and the crew of an Iranian ship, suspected to have collided with an Indian fishing trawler in the Gulf of Khambhat, were interrogated on Saturday. While, three fishermen have survived the accident, two have died and three others are still missing.
Rahbaran Darya, a Pakistani national, was interrogated jointly by the marine police and coast guard officials after his vessel – MV Batis -hit the trawler “Ashtvinayak” about 60 nautical miles from the Jafrabad coast in Amreli district on October 29, 2014. The vessel with 23 crew on board has been detained by the authorities at a jetty owned by Essar Group at Hazira in South Gujarat.
“When we questioned the captain, Rahbaran Darya, we found that he is Pakistani national and was working with an Iranian company since last few years. Darya has however, denied about colliding with the fishing boat. We have told marine police in Surat not to allow the vessel to sail into the sea till the probe is finished. Meanwhile, the search is still on for the three missing fishermen,” said Jafrabad Marine police sub inspector B G Chetarya while talking to The Indian Express.
The officials also questioned 23 crew members to find out how the incident had occurred. Jafrabad police has lodged a complaint under CrPC 174 following the accidental death of two fishermen and have started investigations.
According to official sources, M V Battis started its journey on October 24 and was headed towards Hazira port to collect iron rolls from an unit belonging to the Essar Group. On the way, the vessel crashed in to the trawler (GJ-14-MM-139) with registration number 829. The trawler owned by one Narsinh Baraiya overturned in the collision throwing eight fishermen in to the high seas. The boat was also badly damaged in the incident.
It was only the next morning that some of the local fishing boats found a damaged overturned boat and three fishermen struggling for life. The local fishermen saved the trio and brought the overturned boat to Jafrabad. The fishermen found two dead bodies in the cabin, following which they informed Jafrabad Marine police.
Chetaria of Jafrabad marine police quizzed the three survivors and got the details of the Iranian vessel. Thereafter the coast guard officials were contacted and the ship’s location was traced to Hazira (Surat). The Jafrabad Marine police instructed their counterparts in Surat to detain the M V Batis ship at Hazira.
The three fishermen who were saved are identified as Ramdas Vansh, Akash Baraiya, and Kanha Baraiya, while the two fishermen who died were identified as Narsinh Solanki and Shyambhai Solanki —both residents of Jafrabad. Kiran Tandel, Kailash Baraiya and Nitin Tandel — all residents of Jafrabad– are those missing. The marine police along with coast guard officials of Jafrabad with the help of local fishermen are still searching for those missing.
“We have forward our investigations report with case papers to Yellow gate police station of Mumbai and they have got powers to investigate into such cases that occur in deep sea,” Chetaria continued…

NTSB Team Arrives to Investigate Spacecraft CrashThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Maharashtra: Talks with BJP will continue  says Shiv SenaYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Talks with BJP will continue, says Shiv Sena
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 09.46PM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(BJP said it was sure of having…)
MUMBAI: As the uncertainty over whether former ally Shiv Sena would join the BJP government in Maharashtra persists, the Uddhav Thackeray-led party today said it was confident that "the talks between the two parties will continue in a positive manner".
"Sena president Uddhav Thackeray had detailed discussion with BJP leaders Amit Shah and Arun Jaitley yesterday," Shiv Sena spokesperson Neelam Gorhe said here.
"I am sure Sena and BJP representatives here will have positive talks," she added.
"Whatever decisions that are required to be taken for the development of Maharashtra will be taken," she said, adding, "right now, I cannot say what type of participation we will have (in the government). The decision on this would be taken by Uddhav Thackeray."
Meanwhile, BJP today said it was sure of having the numbers to win the trust vote during the special session of the Assembly in the second week of this month.
"We will have the required number to win trust vote," senior minister Sudhir Mungantiwar told reporters.
"Talks with Sena have been positive," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Take decisions without any fear  govt will protect you: PM Modi to SecretariesPrint
In an interaction with Secretaries, PM Modi said that the budget should be output to outcome-oriented.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:45 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 10:13 pm
In an interaction with Secretaries of various departments on Saturday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi asked the bureaucrats to take fearless decision.
According to sources, some bureaucrats said the Anti-Corruption Act does not have protection for them but PM Modi told them to take decisions without any fear as he would back the right decisions, the sources said.
He assured them that there would be no political interference and asked Secretaries to work fearlessly in the interest of the nation,” the statement said.
Giving an idea of the nature of next year’s Budget, PM Modi said it should be “full of new ideas” with transformational and measurable deliverables.
He said the Budget should be “output to outcome-oriented”, inferring that investments should have measurable outcomes, sources informed.
During the interaction over ‘high tea’ at his residence, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress of work being done on various government initiatives, including the ‘Swachh Bharat’ and ‘Digital India’ campaigns, and asked the bureaucrats to take decisions without any fear while assuring his full backing.
While talking about the next Budget, he said it should have transformational and measurable deliverables. “It should be full of new ideas,” he said, in a hint of how the proposals should be.
Encouraging Secretaries to come up with new ideas and proposals for the next Budget, the Prime Minister asked all government departments to advance budget-related processes by three months, so that the moment the new financial year begins on April 1, work could begin as per the provisions of the new Budget in real-time.
“He called for shifting government emphasis from output to outcome,” a PMO statement said later.
At the interaction with the top bureaucrats, second since he became the Prime Minister in May-end, Modi said, “Good things are starting to happen… We are one team. Let us bring openness in governance, come closer and work together.”
Modi expressed appreciation for the involvement in various subjects that the Secretaries had exhibited in the course of conversation, and said this augured well for the country.
At the interaction where more than 80 Secretary-level officers were present, the Prime Minister suggested that all the top bureaucrats should visit the place of their first posting for a couple of days, as this would provide them several new insights on policy-making.
About 70 per cent discussion at the interaction was focussed on the Swachh Bharat campaign, launched by Modi on October 2, the sources said.
Describing it as an issue of mindset, the Prime Minister told the bureaucrats to ensure that each department carries forward the message so that India becomes free of dirt.
Citing feedback he was receiving on social media, he said attitude of people was beginning to change, and the entire mission was becoming people-driven.
“The Prime Minister said cleanliness is not about resources but about attitudes,” the statement said.
He asked the senior government officers continued…

Digvijaya Singh was most negative on Twitter during LS polls  Narendra Modi least: ResearchAccording to the research, most followed politicians on Twitter posted non-negative tweets during Lok sabha polls.
Written by Lakshmi Ajay | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:19 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 9:26 pm
Indian voters did not appreciate negative tweeting on popular social microblogging site Twitter during General Elections held earlier this year, found Nikhil Moro, a scholar and teacher of digital media law after he studied 6 top tweeting Indian politicians during this period. His research paper contends that while Twitter’s campaign use came to the fore in the US presidential election of 2012, and more recently, for the first time in Asia, in the other great aspiring democracy, India.
A former journalist and an associate professor of Journalism law and digital media at the University of North Texas, Moro has done extensive research on Internet law, focussing on disruptions of the laws of libel and copyright by the web.
In his research paper ‘Twitter Use and Negative Campaigning: A Case Study from the World’s Largest Election’, Moro examined all 996 tweets and retweets posted by the six most-followed Indian politicians over a 30-day campaign period beginning April 16 to May 16, 2014, which accounted for virtually all of the mainstream-media coverage of political tweets in the month preceding May 16, the day when the election results were declared.
In order of Twitter popularity the politicians studied were Narendra Modi with 5.19 million followers, Shashi Tharoor (2.25 million), Arvind Kejriwal (2.07 million), Subramanian Swamy (681,000 followers), Arun Jaitley (470,000 followers) and Digvijay Singh (202,000 followers) as on 15th of July. Of this all except Swamy and Singh were also candidates in the election, all were male, aged 45 (Kejriwal) to 74 (Swamy) and they represented five states namely Gujarat, Kerala, Delhi, Tamil Nadu and Madhya Pradesh.
“My hypothesis was that these politicians will use Twitter to do negative campaigning during elections. When you use a name, a label or some other form of attack, targetted at an individual or a party then it is negative campaigning. These 6 politicians stood out for sophistication of range, earnestness and strategy. They displayed a Twitter-focused mindset, expertly mobilizing supporters by using data to personalize as much as to localize. I found out that the most-followed politicians as a group were surprisingly non-negative. The intensity of the negative campaigning as I expected or hypothesized was more than what they actually had done,” said Moro speaking on the sidelines of his talk on “Internet Freedom: Hot-Button Challenges” at the Indian Institute of Technology, Gandhinagar(IITGN) on Thursday.
In the paper he writes, “The most frequently negative tweeter was Digvijay Singh; more than a third of his tweets were negative. He was also the most intensely negative. Of Singh’s 72 tweets in the examined month, 26(36%) were of an attacking nature. Singh used more ad hominem criticisms than the other five politicians put together. His labels “communal,” “fascist,” “Hitler” and “desparadoes” most frequently targeted Modi. The least negative tweeter was Narendra Modi, of whose 343 tweets, 20(5.8%) were negative. He took one name in criticism: that of the continued…

US doctor with Ebola improves  nurses quarantined dog releasedThe only person in the United States currently being treated for Ebola was upgraded to stable condition.
By: Reuters | New York | Posted: November 1, 2014 11:15 pm
The only person in the United States currently being treated for Ebola was upgraded to stable condition on Saturday and a Dallas nurse who recovered from the disease was reunited with her dog which had been kept in quarantine as a precaution.
In New York City, the condition of Dr. Craig Spencer, 33, who has been in an isolation unit at the city’s Bellevue hospital since October 23, has improved to “stable” from “serious but stable,” hospital officials said.
Spencer was diagnosed with Ebola, which is known to have killed almost 5,000 people in west Africa, several days after returning to New York from Guinea where he had worked with Ebola patients.
Fears of a spread of the disease in the United States were highlighted by public attention to the case of nurse Nina Pham,  whose dog was put into quarantine when she contracted Ebola from a Liberian patient she was treating in a Dallas hospital.
Pham, 26, who was declared free of the virus on October 24, hugged her dog, a King Charles Spaniel called Bentley, after its release from three weeks quarantine. Bentley’s fate aroused public interest after officials in Madrid put down the dog of a Spanish nurse who contracted Ebola while caring for a patient.
“After I was diagnosed with Ebola, I didn’t know what would happen to Bentley and if he would have the virus,” Pham told reporters at a Dallas animal shelter. “I was frightened that I might not know what happened to my best friend.”
DEBATE ABOUT QUARANTINE
Medical professionals say Ebola is difficult to catch and is spread through direct contact with bodily fluids from an infected person and is not transmitted by asymptomatic people.
US states and federal health officials have issued a plethora of differing protocols for those considered at risk of developing the infection.
In the latest case, an Oregon woman with a high temperature was hospitalized in an isolation unit on Friday for a possible Ebola infection after returning from West Africa, Oregon health officials said. She had not come into known contact with Ebola patients while in Africa, the officials added.
In the biggest tussle so far over Ebola measures, a Maine judge on Friday rejected a state request to quarantine non-infectious nurse Kaci Hickox, who recently returned home from treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone and fought a public battle against being confined for 21 days.
The Hickox case highlighted the dilemma in the United States over how to balance public health needs and personal liberty. Canada and Australia have both barred entry for citizens from three West African countries where the disease is widespread.
The most deadly outbreak of the disease on record has focused, with only a handful of exceptions, on Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone.
US public health experts, the United Nations, continued…

High milk intake tied to increased mortality riskUpdated: October 29, 2014 17:12 IST
High milk intake tied to increased mortality risk
PTI
The Hindu The researchers concluded that a higher consumption of milk in women and men is not accompanied by a lower risk of fracture and instead may be associated with a higher rate of death.
TOPICS
health
Drinking more than 700 ml of milk a day could increase the risk of early death, a new study has warned.
Researchers led by Professor Karl Michaelsson of Uppsala University in Sweden have found that high levels of lactose and galactose sugar in milk could have a negative effect. The study, which surveyed 61,000 women and 45,000 men for more than 20 years, found that those who drank one and a half pints, or over 700 ml of milk a day were twice as likely to die early than those who drank less.
In the study 61,433 women, aged 39 to 74, and 45,339 men, aged 45 to 79, in Sweden completed food frequency questionnaires for 96 common foods including milk, yoghurt and cheese.
The scientists set out to examine whether high milk intake may increase oxidative stress, which in turn affects the risk of mortality and bone fracture, according to media reports.
In women, no reduction in fracture risk with higher milk consumption was observed. Women who drank more than three glasses of milk a day (average 680 ml) had a higher risk of death than women who drank less than one glass of milk a day (average 60 ml).
Men were tracked for an average of 11 years, during which time 10,112 died and 5,066 had a fracture, with 1,166 hip fracture cases. Men also had a higher risk of death with higher milk consumption, although this was less pronounced than in women.
Further analysis showed a positive association between milk intake and biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation.
In contrast, a high intake of fermented milk products with low lactose content - including yoghurt and cheese - was associated with reduced rates of mortality and fracture, particularly in women.
The researchers concluded that a higher consumption of milk in women and men is not accompanied by a lower risk of fracture and instead may be associated with a higher rate of death.

Festive season fails to cheer car makers  October sales subduedFestive season fails to cheer car makers, October sales subdued
By PTI | 1 Nov, 2014, 08.12PM IST
Exports were also affected in Oct as shipment of around 1K units to Algeria & Egypt was rescheduled to Nov 2014 due to cyclonic conditions in Gujarat.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Festival season failed to bring cheer to car makers, as major players including Maruti Suzuki India, Hyundai and Mahindra failed to register significant sales growth during the month, which otherwise has been one of the best periods for vehicle sales in the country.
While Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai posted marginal rise in sales during October, others including utility vehicle major Mahindra & Mahindra, Toyota Kirloskar and Ford registered decline in sales as compared to same period of previous year as sentiments remained subdued.
Honda Cars India was the exception posting 18.8 per cent rise in October sales.
The country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki said its domestic sales during the month stood at 97,069 units, up 1 per cent from 96,062 units in October last year.
The company said sales during the month, which sees major festivals, were impacted due to less number of working days during the month.
"Owing to festivals and state elections, during October 2014 Maruti Suzuki had 19 working days. This limited the availability of vehicles during the month. In October 2013 Maruti Suzuki had 24 working days," the company said.
Exports were also affected during the month as shipment of around 1,000 units to Algeria and Egypt was rescheduled to November 2014 due to cyclonic conditions in Gujarat area, it added.
The company's sales in the compact segment comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire declined by 3.5 per cent to 37,083 units in October this year as against 38,410 units during the same period last year.
The recently launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz, however, received good response in the market with the company selling 6,345 units in October.
Rival Hyundai Motor India Ltd (HMIL) sold 38,010 units last month in the domestic market as compared to 36,002 units in October 2013, up 5.57 per cent.
HMIL Senior Vice President (Sales and Marketing) Rakesh Srivastava said there was increase in sales in additional and replacement buyers segment with demand led by new models like Elite i20, Xcent, coupled with festival buying.
"We anticipate that this positive momentum would build up further with increase in sales of entry buyers if there is strong promise of improvement in economic and macro factors in rural and urban markets," he added.
Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra's domestic sales declined by 15.71 per cent to 40,274 units last month as against 47,787 units a year earlier.
"Our sales for the month of October remained subdued on the back of overall sentiment and high interest rates ," M&M Chief Executive Automotive Division and International Operations (AFS) Pravin Shah said.

Fadnavis promises transparencyUpdated: November 1, 2014 01:45 IST
Fadnavis promises transparency
The Hindu New Chief Minister of Maharashtra Devendra Fadnavis takes oath at the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede stadium in Mumbai on Friday. Photo: Vivek Bendre
TOPICS
Maharashtra
Promising to bring a “transparent” and “efficient” system of governance, the first BJP Chief Minister of Maharashtra Devendra Fadnavis in his first Cabinet meeting after the swearing-in, took steps to bring in a Right to Services Bill, which will give citizens the right to timely service.
“The common man suffers due to lack of transparency and efficiency. I will ensure a transparent system,” said Mr. Fadnavis, the second youngest Chief Minister of the State.
Mr Fadnavis has instructed Chief Secretary Swadheen Kshatriya to prepare a draft of the Right to Services Bill. The legislation, which will be a form of a citizen’s charter, will provide better services to the people, who can take legal recourse if they don’t get them, Mr. Fadnavis said.
The Chief Minister further said that he had asked every Ministry to make presentations of policy decisions and prepare a charter for transparency. “Each and every department will be made responsible and have to make a charter,” he said. Mr. Fadnavis also said that he would restore the system of regular media briefings after each Cabinet meeting.
Curiously, Maharashtra Governor Ch. Vidyasagar Rao on Thursday had ordered withdrawal of the notification issued by the previous government to exclude the Anti-Corruption Bureau from the purview of the Right to Information Act.
The BJP had run a high-pitched campaign against the corruption of the previous NCP-Congress regime and regularly targeted their leaders for the irrigation scam saying the accused would be put behind bars if the party came to power.

Digvijaya Singh was most negative on Twitter during LS polls  Narendra Modi least:ResearchAccording to the research, most followed politicians on Twitter posted non-negative tweets during Lok sabha polls.
Written by Lakshmi Ajay | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:19 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 9:26 pm
Indian voters did not appreciate negative tweeting on popular social microblogging site Twitter during General Elections held earlier this year, found Nikhil Moro, a scholar and teacher of digital media law after he studied 6 top tweeting Indian politicians during this period. His research paper contends that while Twitter’s campaign use came to the fore in the US presidential election of 2012, and more recently, for the first time in Asia, in the other great aspiring democracy, India.
A former journalist and an associate professor of Journalism law and digital media at the University of North Texas, Moro has done extensive research on Internet law, focussing on disruptions of the laws of libel and copyright by the web.
In his research paper ‘Twitter Use and Negative Campaigning: A Case Study from the World’s Largest Election’, Moro examined all 996 tweets and retweets posted by the six most-followed Indian politicians over a 30-day campaign period beginning April 16 to May 16, 2014, which accounted for virtually all of the mainstream-media coverage of political tweets in the month preceding May 16, the day when the election results were declared.
In order of Twitter popularity the politicians studied were Narendra Modi with 5.19 million followers, Shashi Tharoor (2.25 million), Arvind Kejriwal (2.07 million), Subramanian Swamy (681,000 followers), Arun Jaitley (470,000 followers) and Digvijay Singh (202,000 followers) as on 15th of July. Of this all except Swamy and Singh were also candidates in the election, all were male, aged 45 (Kejriwal) to 74 (Swamy) and they represented five states namely Gujarat, Kerala, Delhi, Tamil Nadu and Madhya Pradesh.
“My hypothesis was that these politicians will use Twitter to do negative campaigning during elections. When you use a name, a label or some other form of attack, targetted at an individual or a party then it is negative campaigning. These 6 politicians stood out for sophistication of range, earnestness and strategy. They displayed a Twitter-focused mindset, expertly mobilizing supporters by using data to personalize as much as to localize. I found out that the most-followed politicians as a group were surprisingly non-negative. The intensity of the negative campaigning as I expected or hypothesized was more than what they actually had done,” said Moro speaking on the sidelines of his talk on “Internet Freedom: Hot-Button Challenges” at the Indian Institute of Technology, Gandhinagar(IITGN) on Thursday.
In the paper he writes, “The most frequently negative tweeter was Digvijay Singh; more than a third of his tweets were negative. He was also the most intensely negative. Of Singh’s 72 tweets in the examined month, 26(36%) were of an attacking nature. Singh used more ad hominem criticisms than the other five politicians put together. His labels “communal,” “fascist,” “Hitler” and “desparadoes” most frequently targeted Modi. The least negative tweeter was Narendra Modi, of whose 343 tweets, 20(5.8%) were negative. He took one name in criticism: that of the continued…

ISIS onslaught continues  militants kill 85 members of Iraqi tribeISIS militants kill 85 members of Iraqi tribe
Reuters
print
Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, executed 85 more members of the Albu Nimr tribe in Iraq in a mass killing campaign launched last week to break their resistance to the group's territorial advances, a tribal leader and security official said on Saturday.
Sheikh Naeem al-Ga'oud, one of the tribe's chiefs, told Reuters that Islamic State had killed 50 members of Albu Nimr who were fleeing the al Qaeda offshoot on Friday.
In a separate incident, a security official said 35 bodies were found in a mass grave.
The sustained bloodshed appears to demonstrate Islamic State's resilience to US airstrikes against militant targets in parts of Iraq and Syria it controls. Ga'oud said he had repeatedly asked the Shi'ite-led central government for weapons but his pleas had been ignored.
Islamic State has been killing at will, with no signs that the Shi'ite-led government  will send armed forces to the rescue of Albu Nimr or other tribes under threat anytime soon.
Members of the Albu Nimr tribe had held out for weeks under siege by Islamic State fighters in Anbar Province to the west of Baghdad, but finally ran low on ammunition, fuel and food.
Hundreds of tribal fighters withdrew and members of the tribe fled their main village Zauiyat albu Nimr.
Islamic State rounded up many of them, shot them at close range and dumped them in mass graves. Over 300 people have been executed since the killing began in the middle of last week, Ga'oud and security officials.
Security officials and witnesses have confirmed that bodies of more than 200 people were found in mass graves on Tuesday and Wednesday, having been shot at close range.
Islamic State squeezes vast Anbar province
The vast desert province of Anbar includes towns in the Euphrates River valley dominated by Sunni tribes, running from the Syrian border to the western outskirts of Baghdad.
It was the main battleground between US Marines and al Qaeda during the "surge" campaign in 2006-2007, the bloodiest phase of the US war in Iraq, when American troops enlisted the tribes to help them defeat al Qaeda fighters.
Members of the Albu Nimir tribe helped the Americans defeat al Qaeda in its stronghold of Anbar.
Now they are on the defensive as Islamic State militants who possess superior weapons exact revenge, including executions of tribesmen in public squares, for weeks of defiance.
In Anbar, the militants are encircling a large air base and the vital Haditha dam on the Euphrates. Fighters control towns from the Syrian border to parts of provincial capital Ramadi and into the lush irrigated areas near Baghdad
Ga'oud said the 50 tribe members were killed near Tharthar Lake near a desert area.
They had been wandering by foot when they were intercepted by the Sunni militants.
He said one managed to escape the carnage and get word to tribal leaders.
"Forty of the dead were men. Six women and four children were killed while trying to protect their husbands and fathers," said Ga'oud.
"We could not send people to retrieve the bodies because the area is still controlled by Islamic State."
His account was confirmed by Faleh al-Essawi, the chief of the security committee of the Anbar Provincial Council.
In another incident 35 corpses were found on the outskirts of Ramadi. Security officials said they were dumped in a mass grave. But an eyewitness said the militants left the bodies on the ground near farmland.
"The corpses were dumped two days ago. They were handcuffed and blindfolded. Some were wearing tracksuits and others were wearing dish-dash robes," he told Reuters.
Shi'ite Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi wants Sunni tribal leaders to support Iraq's army against Islamic State, which has threatened to march on Baghdad as part of an ambition to redraw the map of the Middle East.
But mistrust had undermined efforts to revive an alliance, with tribal figures accusing Abadi of breaking promises to provide them with weapons.
Iraq's US-trained military collapsed in the face of an Islamic State sweep through the north in June. The Sunni militants seized a range of weapons from defeated troops, including machineguns and tanks.
Iraq's most senior Shi'ite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, called on the government on Friday to rush to the aid of Sunni tribal leaders.

PM Modi and Shah open doors for new members  seek diversityPM Modi, Shah open doors for new BJP members
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 01, 2014
First Published: 17:58 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:16 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP's) nationwide membership campaign at the party headquarters in Delhi on Saturday, stressing an inclusive agenda and asking the cadre to reach out to every section of the society.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi became the first online member of the BJP followed by party president Amit Shah. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
The drive aims to triple the BJP's numbers from the current 35 million — which would make it the world’s largest political organisation — at a time when the party is riding high on its successes in the April-May Lok Sabha elections and the recently held assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana.
This is the first time the BJP has set such an ambitious membership target, far beyond the 20% benchmark of previous years, and the drive will go on till March 31. If it manages to meet its target, it would have overtaken the Communist Party of China, the world’s largest with nearly 87 million workers.
Addressing a gathering of party leaders and workers on the occasion, Modi said, "BJP should also come across as a diverse party. People from all strata of society should feel that we have a representative in this vase of flowers."
"The poor and illiterate should also feel that we are a part of this party. The organisation should be expanded in such a manner that it is representative of all and can fulfil the dreams of all," said the Prime Minister, who had harped on inclusive development and wellbeing of all during Lok Sabha election campaigns.
Modi also put emphasis on 'horizontal development' - which he described as reaching out to remote villages and ensuring at least one party member in every village - and 'vertical development' - which he described as strengthening of the organisation.
Earlier, delivering the introductory speech on the occasion, BJP national president Amit Shah Shah said, "It's an important and fortunate day for us because our membership drive will be launched by PM Modiji.
Delhi : PM Narendra Modi & BJP President Amit Shah at the launch of BJP membership drive at party headquarter pic.twitter.com/zpPuk8MNqF
— ANI (@ANI_news) November 1, 2014
A smartphone in his hand, Modi became the first online member of the party. He was followed by Shah.
"To become the member of such a party is a matter of pride," Modi said, "Every member of the party is a representative of the people."
The Prime Minister added the BJP was one of the world's most important organisations and could even be a subject of study.
"The BJP is one of the most important organisations in the world. Yet we have never positioned it like that. To be a member of BJP is to live the disciplined life it demands... every member of BJP is a representative of the people."
Asking BJP workers to toil hard, he said, "Put your everything into it... Like you do during an election campaign... It (the drive) should become an inspiration for parties across the world."
Reaching out to the young and educated India, a considerable section of which is believed to be averse to politics, Modi asserted, "Politics is not dirty. If it were, Mahatma Gandhi would not have ventured into it."
Modi said that getting membership of the BJP earlier was difficult but it had become easier now due to the digital revolution adopted by the party.
The BJP has launched a toll-free number — 18002662020 — to facilitate the drive, laying stress on new-age technology that reaped it rich dividends in the Lok Sabha election campaign. Renewal of membership through SMS is also possible.
The BJP's dependence on technology in the drive prompted Modi to describe his party as 'Digital BJP'.
The saffron party expects three to four times increase in the number of its members in every state. The drive that started Saturday will continue till March 31, 2015.
The BJP, which was able to take the 'achche din (good days)' slogan to every nook and corner of the nation in the run-up to the general elections, coined a new catchphrase for its membership drive: 'Saath aaye, desh banaye (Come together, build the country)'.
Modi said the politics of mass agitation was over as people today wanted political workers to play a vital role in solving their daily problems. Incidentally, the last few years of UPA rule had witnessed a series of mass agitations, reflecting people’s anger on various issues.
BJP workers are required to renew their membership every six years and the new membership would be valid for 2015-21.
The party plans to prepare a database of members, link them to BJP booths in their localities and hold regular meetings.
“Review meetings have taken place. Party workers are excited about the programme. They have set a target to increase membership by at least three-fold,” BJP president Shah said. 
(with agency inputs)

Despite spat with Russia  Poles honour SoviettroopsFlowers are placed on the tomb of Spanish Army Blue Division members who died during WWII, next a Spanish pre-constitutional flag during All Saints Day, a Catholic holiday to reflect on the saints and deceased relatives, Madrid, Spain.
By: Associated Press | Warsaw | Posted: November 1, 2014 11:47 pm
The diplomatic spat with Russia over Ukraine has not prevented Poles from placing hundreds of candles on the graves of Red Army soldiers killed in January 1945 while driving Nazi German troops from the city.
November 1 is All Saints’ day in Poland and people visit family graves and unattended graves with flowers, candles and prayers.
Even though the Red Army troops brought decades of communism, city authorities care for their cemetery and Warsaw residents light candles for them.
Hundreds of red and white lights were burning there on Saturday, showing that the current tensions with Moscow haven’t affected Warsaw residents’ compassion for the soldiers.
A father brought many candles saying he was teaching his two small children history.

Baghdad area bombings kill at least 24:OfficialsSecurity forces and civilians inspect the site of a double car bomb attack that hit a restaurant in the Shiite-majority district of Talibiya in eastern Baghdad. (FILE PHOTO FOR REPRESENTATION)
By: Agence-France Presse | Baghdad | Posted: November 1, 2014 11:28 pm
Bombings in the Baghdad area killed at least 24 people on Saturday, just days ahead of major Shiite religious commemorations that face significant danger from militants, security and medical officials said.
In the deadliest attack, a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-rigged truck at the checkpoint leading to southern Baghdad, killing at least 20 people and wounding at least 53. Security officials said the suicide bombing was the only attack in the area, while a medical official said a car bomb also hit shops in nearby Yusifiyah also contributed to the toll.
And an explosives-rigged vehicle detonated on Baghdad’s Palestine Street near a tent serving refreshments to Shiite pilgrims, hundreds of thousands of whom will travel to Karbala, south of Baghdad, for the Ashura commemorations, which peak on Tuesday.
Pilgrims taking part in Ashura commemorations, which marks the death of Imam Hussein, one of the most revered figures in Shiite Islam, have been targeted in attacks that have killed dozens in past years.
But with the Islamic State (IS) jihadist group – which considers Shiites heretics and frequently attacks them – in control of large areas of Iraq, the danger is even greater this year.
There are tents serving water and tea to pilgrims across the capital, and the main route to Karbala, the shrine city where Imam Hussein is buried, passes through the checkpoint that was bombed today.

US doctor with Ebola improves  nurses quarantined dogreleasedThe only person in the United States currently being treated for Ebola was upgraded to stable condition.
By: Reuters | New York | Posted: November 1, 2014 11:15 pm
The only person in the United States currently being treated for Ebola was upgraded to stable condition on Saturday and a Dallas nurse who recovered from the disease was reunited with her dog which had been kept in quarantine as a precaution.
In New York City, the condition of Dr. Craig Spencer, 33, who has been in an isolation unit at the city’s Bellevue hospital since October 23, has improved to “stable” from “serious but stable,” hospital officials said.
Spencer was diagnosed with Ebola, which is known to have killed almost 5,000 people in west Africa, several days after returning to New York from Guinea where he had worked with Ebola patients.
Fears of a spread of the disease in the United States were highlighted by public attention to the case of nurse Nina Pham,  whose dog was put into quarantine when she contracted Ebola from a Liberian patient she was treating in a Dallas hospital.
Pham, 26, who was declared free of the virus on October 24, hugged her dog, a King Charles Spaniel called Bentley, after its release from three weeks quarantine. Bentley’s fate aroused public interest after officials in Madrid put down the dog of a Spanish nurse who contracted Ebola while caring for a patient.
“After I was diagnosed with Ebola, I didn’t know what would happen to Bentley and if he would have the virus,” Pham told reporters at a Dallas animal shelter. “I was frightened that I might not know what happened to my best friend.”
DEBATE ABOUT QUARANTINE
Medical professionals say Ebola is difficult to catch and is spread through direct contact with bodily fluids from an infected person and is not transmitted by asymptomatic people.
US states and federal health officials have issued a plethora of differing protocols for those considered at risk of developing the infection.
In the latest case, an Oregon woman with a high temperature was hospitalized in an isolation unit on Friday for a possible Ebola infection after returning from West Africa, Oregon health officials said. She had not come into known contact with Ebola patients while in Africa, the officials added.
In the biggest tussle so far over Ebola measures, a Maine judge on Friday rejected a state request to quarantine non-infectious nurse Kaci Hickox, who recently returned home from treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone and fought a public battle against being confined for 21 days.
The Hickox case highlighted the dilemma in the United States over how to balance public health needs and personal liberty. Canada and Australia have both barred entry for citizens from three West African countries where the disease is widespread.
The most deadly outbreak of the disease on record has focused, with only a handful of exceptions, on Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone.
US public health experts, the United Nations, continued…

Orissa court sends suspended BJD MLA on 14 day remand to CBI in chit fundscamPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:49 pm
A court in the city on Saturday allowed the CBI to take on remand for 14 days the suspended BJD MLA Pravat Tripathy, who was arrested on Friday in the multi crore chit fund scam. Tripathy, the first politician to be arrested so far in the chit fund scam,has been accsued by the CBI of hatching a criminal conspiracy with chit fund group Artha Tatwa and receiving huge sum from it.
On October 20, the Orissa High Court had rejected Tripathy’s anticipatory bail application as CBI argued that granting bail to the MLA would harm the case as the money trail in the scam is yet to be established. CBI sources said the seizure of a 153-page document on Artha Tatwa from Tripathy’s bedroom was a crucial document to link Tripathy with the chit fund group.
Tripathy who was arrested by the CBI on Friday, was forwarded to court this afternoon. The CBI asked for a 14 day remand for further interrogations.
Earlier in the day doctors conducted a health check up on him at the CBI office here and found his health condition normal. Tripathy, however claimed he was in no way connected with the chit fund scam.
The senior BJD leader’s suspension has however created a rift within the party with BJD MP from Cuttack, Bhartruhari Mahtab defending Tripathy and calling his suspension from the party as ‘unjustified’.
“Pravat Babu has done a lot for our party as well for the state. I fail to understand what happened in the last three days that warranted his arrest by the CBI. During the hearing on his anticipatory bail in the High Court, the CBI had said that they have nothing against him, but only wanted to interrogate him,” said Mahtab.
However, BJD spokesman Samir Das said it was Mahtab’s personal opinion. “The party has nothing to do with it. Leave the CBI, even the High Court felt that there was prima facie evidence against him. The party president had no other way but to suspend him from the party,” he said.

Take decisions without any fear  govt will protect you: PM Modi toSecretariesPrint
In an interaction with Secretaries, PM Modi said that the budget should be output to outcome-oriented.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:45 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 10:13 pm
In an interaction with Secretaries of various departments on Saturday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi asked the bureaucrats to take fearless decision.
According to sources, some bureaucrats said the Anti-Corruption Act does not have protection for them but PM Modi told them to take decisions without any fear as he would back the right decisions, the sources said.
He assured them that there would be no political interference and asked Secretaries to work fearlessly in the interest of the nation,” the statement said.
Giving an idea of the nature of next year’s Budget, PM Modi said it should be “full of new ideas” with transformational and measurable deliverables.
He said the Budget should be “output to outcome-oriented”, inferring that investments should have measurable outcomes, sources informed.
During the interaction over ‘high tea’ at his residence, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress of work being done on various government initiatives, including the ‘Swachh Bharat’ and ‘Digital India’ campaigns, and asked the bureaucrats to take decisions without any fear while assuring his full backing.
While talking about the next Budget, he said it should have transformational and measurable deliverables. “It should be full of new ideas,” he said, in a hint of how the proposals should be.
Encouraging Secretaries to come up with new ideas and proposals for the next Budget, the Prime Minister asked all government departments to advance budget-related processes by three months, so that the moment the new financial year begins on April 1, work could begin as per the provisions of the new Budget in real-time.
“He called for shifting government emphasis from output to outcome,” a PMO statement said later.
At the interaction with the top bureaucrats, second since he became the Prime Minister in May-end, Modi said, “Good things are starting to happen… We are one team. Let us bring openness in governance, come closer and work together.”
Modi expressed appreciation for the involvement in various subjects that the Secretaries had exhibited in the course of conversation, and said this augured well for the country.
At the interaction where more than 80 Secretary-level officers were present, the Prime Minister suggested that all the top bureaucrats should visit the place of their first posting for a couple of days, as this would provide them several new insights on policy-making.
About 70 per cent discussion at the interaction was focussed on the Swachh Bharat campaign, launched by Modi on October 2, the sources said.
Describing it as an issue of mindset, the Prime Minister told the bureaucrats to ensure that each department carries forward the message so that India becomes free of dirt.
Citing feedback he was receiving on social media, he said attitude of people was beginning to change, and the entire mission was becoming people-driven.
“The Prime Minister said cleanliness is not about resources but about attitudes,” the statement said.
He asked the senior government officers continued…

Robert Vadra loses cool  snaps at a reporterAshoka
(A livid Vadra was seen…)
NEW DELHI: Congress President Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra today lost his cool and angrily pushed the microphone of a reporter away when he was quizzed about his controversial land deals in Haryana.
A livid Vadra was seen on a video footage shown on TV channels asking the reporter four times as to whether he was serious about his land deal question. Vadra had earlier anwsered a couple of questions posed by a reporter inside Ashoka Hotel.
"I mean, Are you serious? Are you serious? Are you serious? Are you serious?," Vadra kept asking repeatedly, as he lost his temper and stared into the eyes of the reporter and shoved the microphone away. The reporter was seeking Vadra's reaction to the decision of the new BJP government in Haryana to investigate all land deals whether it involves Vadra or the former Chief Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda or anyone else.
Watch: Robert Vadra loses his cool on being questioned about land deals
Vadra was also heard saying, "put your camera off". "Are you nuts?. What is wrong with you?" he said from a distance as he was led away by his security guards. At this stage, the reporter was heard saying that his question was legitimate. To this, Vadra responded asking whether the reporter was the right person to whom the questions on the land deals should be answered.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Missing Nigeria Schoolgirlsmissing nigeria schoolgirls
http://usat.ly/1rXWJwLShould you use your 401(k) before Social Security?
Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND.
Post to Facebook
Should you use your 401(k) before Social Security? Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qDU76K
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Should you use your 401(k) before Social Security?
Robert Powell, USA WEEKEND 10:09 a.m. EST November 12, 2014
Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND.
USA WEEKEND personal finance advice columnist, Robert Powell
(Photo: Josh T. Reynolds for USA WEEKEND)
5 CONNECT 5 TWEET 51 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND.
My wife would like to retire at 62. Would it be better for to use the funds from her 401(k) first to get to the age of 65 before filing for Social Security?
— James Baker, Missoula, Mont.
Every situation is different. But it can be beneficial for many individuals to consider waiting to at least full retirement age (FRA) before starting Social Security and using 401(k) or IRA distributions to fund the "bridge period" between the time retirement starts and Social Security is claimed, says James Mahaney, a vice president with Prudential Financial.
The reasons are two-fold. One, if your wife starts Social Security at age 62, she'll lock in a permanent "real" reduction of 25%. "I say 'real' because the lower benefit will provide a smaller base on which cost-of-living-adjustments will apply into the future," says Mahaney.
How much your wife's benefit will be reduced will depend on her age. If your wife was born in 1952, for example, she'd receive a monthly benefit of $750 by claiming at age 62 instead of $1,000 had she waited to claim at age 66, or FRA.
Also consider delaying beyond FRA. Why so? Social Security benefits are increased by a certain percentage (depending on year of birth) if your wife and you delay claiming Social Security beyond FRA. The yearly increase is 8% for those born in 1943 or later. Or put another way, instead of getting $1,000 per month from Social Security if she claims at FRA, she stands to get up to $1,320 per month if she waits to claim at age 70, the oldest age for which you can earn delayed retirement credits.
"A Social Security benefit starting at age 66 or later would provide a higher lifetime income stream to your wife and earn higher cost-of-living-adjustments," says Mahaney.
By contrast, let's say your wife has $100,000 in her 401(k) and she withdraws what she would have received had she taken Social Security early; say $9,000 per year for three years. So, her 401(k) would be worth, not including investment gains, $73,000. To be sure, that sounds painful on the surface, but the second reason why the "bridge" tactic works is this: By drawing down your retirement account, you potentially reduce your future required minimum distributions (RMDs), which she would have to take after age 70½. Having a large RMD can often put you into a higher-than-expected tax bracket, as well as cause your Social Security income to become taxable.
Yes, her future investment returns in her 401(k) will be off a smaller base. But consider what your wife gains in the tradeoff. One, a higher guaranteed for life, adjusted-for-inflation monthly Social Security benefit. She can't get that kind of guarantee from her 401(k) or IRA. Or put another way: You can't guarantee that you won't outlive your assets, but you can guarantee that you won't outlive your Social Security benefit. "Keep in mind that today's low interest rate environment makes it challenging for retirees to generate a dependable lifetime income stream similar to what Social Security provides," says Mahaney.
Read more of Robert's advice here. Submit a question below.

Branson: Space dream lives on  vows safety p...Richard Branson says space dream lives on, vows safety paramount
By AFP | 2 Nov, 2014, 12.19AM IST
0
Share More
"We're going to learn from what went wrong, discover how we can improve safety and performance and then move forward together," said Richard Branson
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MOJAVE( UNITED STATES ): British tycoon Richard Branson insisted Saturday his dream of commercial space travel remained alive but warned his company would not "press on blindly" without knowing what caused the spacecraft crash that killed one pilot and seriously injured another.
Speaking to reporters after arriving in the California facility which had been the hub of Virgin Galactic's ambitious space program, Branson said safety remained his paramount concern.
"We owe it to our test pilots to find out exactly what went wrong, and once we've found out what went wrong, if we can overcome it, we'll make absolutely certain that the dream lives on," Branson told reporters.
"We do understand the risks involved, and we're not going to push on blindly. To do so would be an insult to all those affected by this tragedy.
"We're going to learn from what went wrong, discover how we can improve safety and performance and then move forward together," he said, adding they were working with authorities in the investigation.
"We've been undertaking a comprehensive testing program for many years and safety has always been our number one priority," Branson said, before heading off to rally grieving Virgin Galactic staff.
Branson's comments at the Mojave Air and Space Port came as a team of federal investigators began probing the causes of Friday's accident, which dealt a devastating setback to the cause of commercial space tourism.
National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) acting chairman Christopher Hart told reporters investigators were entering unknown territory but hoped to find clues to the accident in data gathered by Virgin Galactic.
"This will be the first time we have been in the lead of a space launch that involved persons on board," Hart said.
It was not immediately known if a black box flight data recorder was installed on the doomed suborbital craft, Hart said.
"This was a test flight and test flights are typically very well documented in terms of data," Hart said. "And we may get some video feed. We may have lots of evidence that will help us with the investigative process."

Any Sikh was a bad investment Sadness hung aroundhomesJasbir Singh dropped out of school after Class VIII. He now lives in the upmarket Tilak Nagar. (Express photo by Renuka Puri)
Written by Dipankar Ghose | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:15 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 12:18 am
Smoke, fire and the smell of petrol. Swords and knives. Their mothers screaming, dragging them away. Their fathers, tall and proud, on their knees, begging for mercy. Their toys and homes melting in the flames.
They were only children. But recurring nightmares and conversations that have no end have kept those memories alive. Thirty years ago was yesterday.
“Tera pati ya tera beta (Your husband or your son)?” Jasbir Singh’s mother Manjeet Kaur still remembers those words. Jasbir was just two then, his father Paramjeet Singh 24. Manjeet had cried endlessly, hoping not to be forced to make the choice. She had also prayed the rioters wouldn’t realise she had another life to save: the baby in her womb. “She tells me they had some white powder that made everything burn faster. Some poured petrol, others set my father on fire. She ran,” says Jasbir, sitting in his garment shop at Tilak Nagar.
That’s the image that jogs his own memory alive. “I remember her running. I see it in my dreams,” he says.
Minku Singh, whose house is 2 km away in Tilak Vihar, can still feel the cloth he had wrapped around his face that November 1 day. A 12-year-old, he had let his long hair open, and tied a dupatta up to his eyes. Sikh men were being killed, but women and children were being assaulted and left alive. The choice was clear.
“My mother had died previously, and I lived with my family in Trilokpuri. I was with friends in Patparganj when news began to spread that there was trouble in the city. I came home, and my relatives were listening to the radio. For a while, nothing happened,” he says, speaking in the calm tones of a man who has told this story many times before.
Minku Singh, who sells food from a push cart, never studied. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Then, around 10.30 am, they started hearing “noises”. “In 10 minutes, they were upon us. My father and uncles were dragged out and killed. My sisters tied a dupatta around my face, and told me to run. I had no hair on my face then. My cousins and I, and some others from the colony, hid in a drain, and then in a buffalo stable, before the Army came,” recalls Minku. “I only lived because they thought I was a girl.”
Pointing to the seven garlanded photographs on a shelf in his two-room house, he adds: “They had hair. They never came out alive.”
For a year after the riots, Farsh Bazaar police station in Shahdara was home to Minku and his extended family, as they lived on government aid.
Then, in 1985, along with over nine hundred others, they moved to Tilak Vihar, into houses given to them as compensation.
But while security came with numbers, there remained the pressing question of how to make a living.
“All the men in our family, except me, were killed. Widows got jobs, but only as Class IV government employees, who got paid very little. Education became a luxury. There was no point studying if I couldn’t eat. The money the government gave wasn’t enough,” says Minku.
Jasbir can’t thank his mother enough for the seven years he managed to attend school. “For the first three years, she sent me to a private school. But the fees was Rs 280 a month, and her salary as a Class IV employee was Rs 780 a month. My brother was growing up and needed to go to school as well. So, I remember, she came to me crying and said she was sorry, I couldn’t go to a private school anymore. That night, like in 1984, she held me all night,” Jasbir says.
For the next four years, he went to a government public school, where fees was 64 paise a month. In Class VIII, he dropped out, and because he could read and write a little, got a job at a ball bearing factory earning
Rs 300 a month. His brother continued to go to school. Now they run the garment shop in Tilak Nagar together.
In the years following the riots, Minku says, even finding work was not easy. “We would be turned away by company owners, fearing there would be trouble if they hired us. If you wore a turban, or had Singh in your name, work was hard to come by. The only choice was to do something yourself,” he says.
At 13, he began to deliver milk house to house for Rs 30 a month. At 16, he graduated to selling tea at a crossing in Mayapuri. Now 44, Minku sells food from a push cart.
Tilak Vihar, however, is rife with stories of the other youngsters who, burdened by responsibilities and lack of choices, went astray and turned to crime. “Every Sikh was a bad investment. People knew we were left with nothing, no homes and money. What would we repay with? So many of us began to earn money in other ways. Illegal ways,” says Wajir Singh.
“Many started drinking at a young age and kept away from home. Their mothers would work the entire day, and sadness hung around their houses. Drugs were common, especially when children did menial jobs like pulling rickshaws,” Wajir says.
There were also constant street brawls, as youths took out anger on each other, often with weapons.
There were other irreversible changes. Wajir, for instance, grew up in a family that had remained devoted Congress followers for 37 years after Independence. Then came November 1, 1984, when as a 16-year-old he watched his father being hacked to death and had to cut his own hair to survive.
“When Indira Gandhi’s guards assassinated her, I remember my father abusing the killers. He was uncontrollable. My mother tried to stop him from going to Indiraji’s house, but he left regardless. He returned home with his shirt torn, pagdi open, and breathless. In less than 5 minutes, the mob was at our door. There were men who had known my father as a Congressman. Not one of them tried to save him,” says Wajir.
That day ended his association with the Congress forever. Thirty years later, he is the district secretary of the Delhi BJP. His home is the first in the “widows’ colony” of Tilak Vihar, and often it is he who is approached for information on the victims there.
“One widow who is the petitioner in the Nangloi case lives two lanes away,” Wajir says. A paan-seller now, she is a witness in a case against senior Congress leader Sajjan Kumar.
“I am only part of the BJP because maybe they will get us justice. The Congress can’t. So I help anyone who comes looking for information. I will not let them walk free forever,” Wajir says.
All of them are fighting, Jasbir adds, at their own level. His brother got married in the last week of October and like every year, the media was at their door that day too, wanting to talk about 1984. Jasbir thought long and hard if his mother should speak about the riots.
“The day was auspicious and I knew speaking about it would make my mother cry. But she wanted to anyway. Anything that is written only strengthens our demand for justice. Nothing, not even my brother’s marriage, should come in the way of that,” he says.
House upon house in Tilak Vihar has garlanded photographs of the people who died in the 1984 riots. But lest the victims’ resolve for justice waver, there is that locked room at the colony’s gurdwara. Its walls are covered with photos of men, women and children killed over those three days, covering every inch of space.
Every year, on November 1, 2, and 3, for one hour each, Minku, Jasbir and Wajir make it here. As they sit, the tears come, unbidden.
FROM TRILOKPURI TO TILAK VIHAR
In 1984, Tilak Vihar existed only as a tiny extension of Tilak Nagar, a largely Sikh colony in West Delhi. Its inhabitants were mostly middle-class businessmen, and it was counted as firmly on the outskirts of Delhi. “Around Tilak Nagar, there was a lot of fallow land, with jungle on all sides. What is now Tilak Vihar was only a small cluster of homes, seen as part of Tilak Nagar,” says Atma Singh, pradhan of C-Block in Tilak Vihar.
In the early 80s, the Delhi government had constructed close to a thousand one- and two-room flats here, intended to serve as quarters for doctors and other medical staff employed with the Delhi government. “When the riots took place, people had not moved into these flats yet. The government needed to rehabilitate the survivors of the riots, and hence they were allotted flats here,” Singh says.
All the homes in C-Block as well as some in B-Block were allotted to women left widowed by the 1984 riots. Other riot victims were allotted homes in A- and D-Blocks.
Altogether, 944 families affected by the 1984 riots live in Tilak Vihar now. The Election Commission website lists 4,364 voters in the three blocks.

Flip side: OccupationalhazardsA host of others are in hazardous occupations.
Written by Dilip Bobb | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:12 am
The ebb and flow of events and circumstance create opportunities and threats. Already, with the UPA’s ebb and the NDA’s flow, institutions like leader of the Opposition, Planning Commission, governors and associated underlings are out of commission. A host of others are in hazardous occupations. The most obvious are:
Congress chief ministers: Life insurance salespersons are avoiding them these days, along with those travelling to areas targeted by ISIS. Congress chief ministers are an endangered species as evidenced by the regime change in Haryana and Maharashtra. In terms of occupational hazard, Congress CMs are only slightly safer than Congress spokesmen who dare to praise Narendra Modi’s schemes; at least they have a job till the next state election is due.
Black money account holders: We know there are 627 Indians with anonymous accounts in Swiss banks, but the names released this week were equally anonymous — hardly anyone knew who they were. Those with Swiss bank accounts should be in a hazardous position, but considering successive governments have been promising us the names since 2010, it’s equally logical that the accounts have been cleaned out, leaving only the NRIs laughing all the way to the bank. Between the Supreme Court, SIT, which has been sitting on the names for some time, and various governments with whom India has signed tax treaties, black is turning into a very dull grey.
Locker holders: Digging out secret stash from an Indian bank seems a lot easier as we saw in Sonepat, where a bunch of crooks tunnelled into a Punjab National Bank locker room and crawled away with valuables and cash worth crores. The dirty diggers may have been nabbed, but lockers are no longer safe storage space since security at Indian public sector banks seems as full of holes as, well, Swiss cheese.
Bureaucrats: The abominable no-men, as someone called them, are generally yes-men when it comes to governments in power. It’s when they are out of power that the once powerful become moving targets, such as former finance secretary Arvind Mayaram, who has been moved twice in a fortnight, first to Tourism Ministry and then to Minority Affairs. That downgrade also applies to other senior bureaucrats who have been banned from the First Class section on flights. Between the administrative merry-go-round, coming to office on time and austerity measures, babudom is now a hazardous occupation.
Kerala bar owners: Under threat after the state government declared a bar on bars in India’s wettest state. Keralites consume 8.3 litres of alcohol per person each year, over twice the national average. It may be a populist move, but banning the state’s most popular pastime is letting the genie out of the bottle — 40 per cent of the state’s revenue comes from booze and the employment loss will be in the thousands. With no place to drown their sorrows — even taking continued…

Robert Vadra loses cool  pushes away microphone angrily as reporter asks him about Haryana landdealPrint
Congress president Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra on Saturday lost his cool and angrily pushed microphone.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:10 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 3:08 pm
Congress president Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law Robert Vadra on Saturday lost his cool and angrily pushed the microphone of a reporter away when he was quizzed about his controversial land deals in Haryana.
A livid Vadra was seen on a video footage shown on TV channels asking the reporter four times as to whether he was serious about his land deal question.
Vadra had earlier anwsered a couple of questions posed by a reporter inside Ashoka Hotel.
“I mean, Are you serious? Are you serious? Are you serious? Are you serious?,” Vadra kept asking repeatedly, as he lost his temper and stared into the eyes of the reporter and shoved the microphone away.
The reporter was seeking Vadra’s reaction to the decision of the new BJP government in Haryana to investigate all land deals whether it involves Vadra or the former Chief Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda or anyone else.
Vadra was also heard saying, “put your camera off”.
“Are you nuts?. What is wrong with you?” he said from a distance as he was led away by his security guards.
At this stage, the reporter was heard saying that his question was legitimate.
To this, Vadra responded asking whether the reporter was the right person to whom the questions on the land deals should be anwsered.

Boys of Tilak Vihar are seen as useless I dont blamethemRavial Kaur, whose son moved back to the family business of making photo frames. Now they own two shops in Tilak Vihar. (Source: Express photo by Oinam Anand)
Written by Pritha Chatterjee | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:06 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 11:05 am
Sant Kaur, 58, has taken a rare day off before Diwali to clean her two-room house. She tries to be as quiet as possible, sorting old boxes and drawers. Even the instructions she shouts out to the painters adding fresh strokes of yellow to the crumbling walls of her house are in hushed tones.
In 944 homes in West Delhi’s Tilak Vihar, known popularly as the “widows’ colony”, preparations for the festival of lights are nearly always a discreet affair, laden with guilt.
For Sant and her neighbours, the weeks leading to Diwali are a chilling reminder of the riots of 1984. Most of them had lived in areas such as Nand Nagri, Sultanpuri, Shakarpur, Mangolpuri and Shahdara in North East Delhi before the violence. Wives of small- or middle-rung businessmen, a majority of them Labana Sikhs — a lower caste among the community —they had watched the men in their families being burnt alive.
The homes in Tilak Vihar were part of the compensation awarded by the government to the widows who survived. The colony has houses constructed over an identical 50 sq yard area each, but with structures added haphazardly to accommodate growing families. There are other indicators of a colony that sprang up hastily — the clogged, uncovered drains, the unauthorised electricity connections, the power lines hanging dangerously low, the uncollected garbage, and the flies.
All houses were built on same 50 sq yard, with constructions added as families grew. (Express photo by Oinam Anand)
Sant has been working as a Class IV employee at the Human Resource Development Ministry for 24 years now, much like the other widows of the riots who continue to work in the government jobs they were given.
Talking about her Diwali preparations hesitatingly, Sant confesses she is “just tired”, and desperate for “some semblance of normalcy”. “For years, I went to court for every hearing, deposed, participated in protests. Now I am just tired. I had an accident two years ago, my hip has not been the same. I cannot afford a surgery, and getting to office, which includes an auto ride and a one-hour bus drive, is an ordeal. Should I keep crying in the hope of justice that I probably will not live to see, or focus on more pressing issues?”
One of those issues, she says fighting back tears, is her son Harjeet, now 33. “I was so caught up in mourning, fighting for justice and my job, that I neglected the precious son I managed to save by dressing him as a girl… He never even completed school because I was just not there for him.”
Sant’s son became an alcoholic around the age of 15. Prone to bouts of violence, he left home at 18 and hardly ever visits Sant now.
There are many such stories in Tilak Vihar, of young men who never finished school, who idled as mothers went to work to lowly paid government jobs or did the rounds of courts, commissions and the media, and who became addicted to drugs or alcohol. Most young survivors grew up to become auto drivers.
Atma Singh, the pradhan of C-Block, says an entire generation of children in Tilak Vihar hasn’t completed school. “For a long time, there were no men in the colony. Only widows and children. Mothers would leave for offices 20-30 km away and many children would not go to school… Boys recovering from the trauma of the riots took to drugs, and  got involved in thefts and violence to finance their addiction,” Atma says.
Many of those boys are now dead. Grieving mothers haven’t gotten around to admitting drug use, but talk about “bad company” and “psychological problems”.
Chiranjeet Kaur, 61, is among them. She lost her husband and eldest son to the riots. In 2009, she lost the third of her sons to drugs.
Pointing to the bus stop where the 32-year-old’s body was found, Chiranjeet says: “He had frequent headaches since he would stay out long hours… he was never the same after the riots.” As an afterthought, she adds, “I think he had jaundice.”
Recently, Chiranjeet sold her home and moved out to Tilak Nagar to be with her only surviving son who had started working in his teens and now owns a computer repair shop.
Located cheek by jowl to Tilak Vihar, Tilak Nagar is a Punjabi colony that also took in victims of the 1984 riots, but they were upper caste and from better economic background.
“When I started looking for a bride for my son five years ago,” Chiranjeet says, “I found no respectable Sikh family wanted to marry their daughter into a Tilak Vihar house… The boys of Tilak Vihar were seen as useless, and I don’t blame them.”
Months after moving into Tilak Nagar, she found a “BA graduate” bride. “Tilak Nagar has become associated with riot victims who managed to do something with their lives. In Tilak Vihar, time has stood still. In fact, things have become worse,” Chiranjeet says.
While only about 60 per cent of the residents in Tilak Vihar are now “original riot victims”, other residents are close relatives.
It’s not just the youth who had problems. Depression, cardiovascular problems, hypertension and anxiety attacks afflict the women too, and many admit undergoing counselling.
Surinder Kaur, who retired as an MCD safai karamchari and now gets a pension of Rs 7,000, says she has been receiving treatment for depression from RML Hospital for as long as she can remember. “I am much better now. There was a point when I was so numb with the stress about my sons that I would just lie on my bed, scared of going out.” There have been no studies to establish the after-effects of the trauma on these women.
Some of the widows couldn’t get themselves to accept the low-paying jobs the government offered them. Their husbands were small-time businessmen; some had their own shops.
Ravial Kaur, 72, lost her husband and two sons in the three days of rioting at Nand Nagri, and her two-year-old grandson a few days later. She escaped with her only surviving son, then 11, the same way most women saved young boys — dressing him in girl’s clothes.
“We had a 300-sq-yard plot in Nand Nagri, three buffaloes, and two shops. And they wanted me to work as a safai karamchari! How was that justice?” Ravial says.
She opened a tea shop first, then took to ironing clothes. When her son turned 16, they tried their hands at the family business of small carpentry work, starting with photo frames. Today, they have two shops in Tilak Vihar, while her son has moved out to stay in Indra Vihar.
But the tag of 1984 still trails them. Ravial’s 18-year-old grandson Sunny, a first-year Delhi University student, can’t hide his anger.
“Every year, on the 1984 anniversary, people come here, feast on our lives, journalists get their TRPs, politicians their mileage, and then they just forget about us… It’s like a riot economy that thrives on us,” Sunny says.
Gurdeep Singh, 31, is tired of telling mother Thakuri Kaur (49) to stop giving media interviews. He is fed up of being “identified with Tilak Vihar”. “This hope of justice still gnaws at her. And she thinks telling the same story over and over, how she saw my father being burnt alive two years after their marriage, how she stuffed my mouth with napkins to stop me from crying and ran… she thinks this will help,” Gurdeep, a father of two now, says.
Thakuri, who has been working at a government school for 28 years now, understands Gurdeep’s anger. “Gurdeep started his own business, went to a private school, he is not like the others, so he is frustrated,” she says.
Gurdeep managed to study up to Class XII and is determined to ensure his children don’t live in Tilak Vihar.
Others like Sant, who never escaped the shadows of 1984, can’t leave just yet. This is the one time of the year her alcoholic son makes his way home to Tilak Vihar. “If not for Diwali,” she says, “he will come for the 1984 memorial gurdwara service.”

Out of my mind: The ChinesegambleThe Chinese approach to borders was well described by Henry Kissinger in his massive book on China.
Written by Meghnad Desai | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:05 am
S K Patil, a towering Maharashtra politician of his generation, once said, “When in Rome, behave like a Rumanian.” There is humour and wisdom in his malapropism. Narendra Modi seems to have decided that when dealing with the Chinese, it is not a bad idea to do what the Chinese least expect: be like the Japanese.
The Chinese approach to borders was well described by Henry Kissinger in his massive book on China. They advance and thrust inside the other nation’s territory which they dispute. Then they unilaterally withdraw. It is as if the incursion has been erased. But a point has been made that they could, if they wanted to, occupy the disputed territory. They just choose not to do so.
This is what happened during the two bruising encounters in 1962. The Indian side thought it could “throw the Chinese out”, as Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru declared. The outcome was an overwhelming show of strength with the Chinese humiliating India (as I well remember) and then adding insult to injury by unilaterally withdrawing. This pattern of thrust and retreat has been going on at the China-India border again lately. It is not the Indian approach, say, at the LoC in Kashmir, though it may be worth trying. India could take the Chinese approach to the border dispute with Pakistan and I am sure earn dividends. It is a way of being aggressive without really saying so.
When he was fighting the general election, Modi was very mild, indeed emollient about his Pakistan policy. But he made belligerent noises about the Himalayan border. Since his decisive victory, he has been moderate on the policy at the LoC, though the rhetoric is aggressive. As far as the India-Pakistan border dispute is concerned, the new policy is much like the old. It is China which is testing Modi’s resolve. Even as President Xi Jinping was enjoying the khaman dhokla and garba raas in Ahmedabad, Chinese troops made repeated incursions into the Indian side. This showed that either Xi was hypocritical in his declaration of friendship, or that the People’s Army was beyond his control.
On that long border on the roof of the Earth, the Chinese army is stronger and better resourced than the Indian Army. In a serious confrontation, it would be difficult for Indian soldiers to stand their ground.
The government has made a declaration of better preparation and more resources. But that will take time. As of now, India knows it cannot win an open war at that altitude and across that expanse of space.
This may explain why India has suddenly done something unprecedented in its foreign and defence policy thus far.
Cooperating with Vietnam in exploring offshore oil and offering some naval assistance to police the oil wells are as continued…

BJP  Sena dont stand for Hindus in limited sense All those who believe in India areHinduPrint
Suresh Prabhu, PM Modi’s sherpa for G20, speaks about the impasse over Sena joining BJP govt in Maharashtra, India’s stand on trade facilitation and why the coal allocation ordinance was 'laudable'.
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 8:39 am
Senior Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu held the portfolios of industries, environment and power in the Vajpayee Cabinet. In the Power Ministry, Prabhu — a chartered accountant by training and former Lok Sabha MP — set the stage for crucial reforms in the sector. When the NDA government took charge in May this year, one of its first major appointments was that of Prabhu as head of a high-level panel on power sector revamp. Weeks later, PM Narendra Modi named Prabhu as his sherpa for the crucial G20 annual summit
P Vaidyanathan Iyer: Let’s start with your role as sherpa for the forthcoming G20 Summit in Brisbane. What is your impression of the global economy and the way India is placed?
I attended the meeting of sherpas (in Australia). A sherpa is supposed to be the representative of the head of the state. We had a very interesting discussion on many issues and India’s sensitivity on some of them have been taken on board.
Coomi Kapoor: In the Maharashtra Assembly elections, the BJP has emerged as the largest party, the Shiv Sena as the second largest, but so far there is no firm commitment on them coming together to form the government.
Normally, when we have a pre-election alliance, then automatically that formation will form the government. But where there is no pre-poll alliance, there must be some talk, negotiation. I suppose that must be going on.
Coomi Kapoor: Are you confident that the Shiv Sena will be a part of the government?
I think that we will know about it very soon.
Amitabh Sinha: We haven’t heard much from the government on its climate policy. Is there any substantial change from the stand of the previous government on climate change?
You’re right in saying that there is a lot of confusion about what the climate change issue should be. India’s stand is that we must firmly stand with the UNFCCC (United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change) and the Kyoto Protocol. There is a very interesting concept there: common and differentiated responsibilities. India hasn’t compromised on that principle. The second priority is adaptation because it is a big issue for India. I don’t think that is something other countries appreciate much. They want to talk about mitigation, mitigation and mitigation.
In the previous government, all good was intended, but there was very less action. This is typical. We say the right things but do not act on them at all. India should have been more pro-active. In Copenhagen, which was the last opportunity we had to clinch a deal, we lost out because continued…

Shiv Sena demands  respectable deal  from BJPEYE BROWSE
Shiv Sena demands 'respectable deal' from BJP
Shiv Sena is expecting one third of the seats and important portfolios in the state cabinet to join the BJP-led government.
Yahoo India –  Sat 1 Nov, 2014
MUMBAI: The standoff over Maharashtra government formation continues as Shiv Sena has indicated that it expects one third of the seats and important portfolios in the state cabinet, Hindustan Times reports.
Among the portfolios Sena expects are home, revenue, finance, industry and public works department, the report says.
Sena sources say the party wants a 'respectable deal' if the Bharatiya Janata Party expects them to lend their 63 seats to them, which needs at least 22 more for a majority after winning 123 in the assembly elections.
Sena MP Anil Desai was quoted by Hindustan Times as saying, "Both Amit Shah and Arun Jaitley have spoken to Uddhavji. He attended the function. The next round of talks will be smooth. There was no elaborate discussion on ministerial berths, but it will happen in the next few days."
Earlier on Friday the BJP hailed Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's presence during the swearing-in ceremony of Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis, calling it a positive and heartening step.
"We had Uddhav Thackeray, his wife and the whole family on the stage. I think it is a very positive and a heartening step taken by Thackeray to be present on the stage in presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi," BJP general secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy told the media.
Rudy further termed Thackeray's presence during the ceremony as a 'good beginning' for the politics of Maharashtra.
"Thackeray's presence was a momentous occasion for the people of Maharashtra. I think it is a good beginning for the state of Maharashtra and politics of Maharashtra," Rudy said.
Fadnavis on Friday took oath as the Chief Minister of Maharashtra in the presence of Prime Minister Modi and several other BJP stalwarts at a grand function at the Wankhede Stadium here. Thackeray, who had earlier decided to boycott the event, was also present during the swearing-in-ceremony. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Branson on Virgin Galactic crash:  Space is hard -- but worth itBranson on Virgin Galactic crash:  Space is hard -- but worth it
Gadkari inaugurates IDTRGadkari inaugurates IDTR
Ebola death toll rises to 4951 in 8 countries: WHOThe Ebola epidemic has killed 4,951 people out of 13,567 infected in eight countries.
By: Reuters | Geneva | Posted: October 31, 2014 11:59 pm | Updated: November 1, 2014 1:46 am
The Ebola epidemic has killed 4,951 people out of 13,567 infected in eight countries, the World Health Organisation said on Friday, slightly revising downwards its figures for cases mainly due to “suspected cases in Guinea being discarded”.
The toll reflects a rise of 31 deaths since the United Nations agency reported its previous figures on Wednesday, while the number of overall cases fell by 136.
All 83 contacts of a health care worker in Spain infected with Ebola have completed a first 21-day period of virus incubation, but a second 21-day period must follow before the country can be declared free of the disease, the WHO said.

NPA recovery steps on track at SBTUpdated: November 1, 2014 00:21 IST
NPA recovery steps on track at SBT
Special Correspondent
banking
State Bank of Travancore (SBT) has launched effective recovery measures aimed at ‘substantial reduction’ in non-performing assets (NPAs).
Asset tracking centres are being fully activated as part of a major strategy to prevent further slippage in assets, Managing Director Jeevandas Narayan said here.
Provisions against NPAs jumped 105 per cent during the September quarter compared to year-ago levels even as the bank was following up stressed assets with a tracking mechanism.
The bank took cues from a Reserve Bank circular of 2001 to show provisions specifically against NPAs separated from the more general ‘provisions and contingencies.’
This is an effort aimed at providing greater transparency about the financial results, according to top bank officials.
A number of branches had been reporting provisions made along these lines.
The jump of 490 per cent increase in tax expenses during the second quarter this year was being attributed to cyclical variations in the size of exemptions available to the bank.
Overall, the bank suffered a 65.34 per-cent dip in net profit for the September quarter from year-ago levels.
The reasonably good achievement on expenditure control seems to have been neutralised by muted performance under the income head.
This had, in turn, weighed on the operating profit level, which was kept down by 11.32 per cent during the quarter.

Columns: The corruption must go onE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Columns: Apologising to JapanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Israel cartoon comparing Netanyahu to 9/11 attackers highlights troubled ties with USUS President Barack Obama meets with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on October 1.
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 1, 2014 1:40 am
An Israeli political cartoon depicting Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu piloting an airplane heading for New York’s Twin Towers has set off a firestorm of criticism and focused new attention on the troubled relationship between Israel and the United States.
— Haaretz.com (@haaretzcom) October 30, 2014
The cartoon appeared Thursday in Haaretz, Israel’s leading liberal newspaper, and elicited strong words both in Israel itself and from Anti-Defamation League head Abraham Foxman. Foxman called on Haaretz to apologize for printing a “grossly offensive cartoon.” He said it misrepresents “any tensions which may currently exist between the US government and Mr Netanyahu” and “disrespects the memories of thousands of innocent Americans and others who tragically perished on 9/11.”
The cartoon appeared a day after the Atlantic quoted an unidentified administration official who used the word “chickens—” to assail Netanyahu for his alleged cowardice and pettiness. The official also complained about his settlement policies in the West Bank and east Jerusalem and questioned the prime minister’s commitment to Middle East peace efforts, as well as his resolve to launch a pre-emptive strike against Iran to thwart its nuclear program.
Since the Atlantic story appeared, National Security Adviser Susan Rice has pushed back hard against its message of a crisis in bilateral relations, while Netanyahu himself declined to get embroiled in a new mud-slinging match with Washington, insisting that his main concern was defending Israel’s interests.
Ties with the United States constitute one of Israel’s most important diplomatic and security assets, and few Israelis want to see them undermined. That desire for harmony is particularly acute now, with the country facing a dangerous brew of regional challenges – among them, the Iranian nuclear program and the presence of hostile Islamic fundamentalists on its southern and northern borders.
But the Obama administration has long had a tense dynamic with Netanyahu, mostly for his close relationship with the Republican Party and for what is sometimes seen as a lecturing tone toward the US president.
Those tensions were clearly on display last week when administration officials refused Israel Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon’s requests to meet several top national security aides during a visit to Washington. The rejections followed negative comments Yaalon made about Secretary of State John Kerry earlier this summer.
Amos Biderman, the author of the Haaretz cartoon, tweeted Thursday that it was those tensions that inspired his work.
“The message is that (Netanyahu) is destroying relations with American in an arrogant and thoughtless way and that he is leading us to a catastrophe on the magnitude of 9/11,” he said.

Virgin Galactic spaceship explodes during test flight; 1 pilot deadCommercial space tourism suffered a huge setback when a prototype passenger rocket exploded during a test flight.
By: Associated Press | Mojave | Posted: November 1, 2014 3:48 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 11:15 am
A winged spaceship designed to take tourists on excursions beyond Earth’s atmosphere exploded during a test flight Friday over the Mojave Desert, killing a pilot in the second fiery setback for commercial space travel in less than a week.
Virgin Galactic’s SpaceShipTwo blew apart after being released from a carrier aircraft at high altitude, according to Ken Brown, a photographer who witnessed the explosion.
One pilot was found dead inside the spacecraft and another parachuted out and was flown by helicopter to a hospital, Kern County Sheriff Donny Youngblood said.
The crash area was about 120 miles (193 kilometers) north of downtown Los Angeles and 20 miles (32 kilometers) from the Mojave Air and Space Port, where the flight originated.
British billionaire Richard Branson, founder of Virgin Galactic, has been the front-runner in the fledgling race to give large numbers of paying civilians a suborbital ride that would let them experience weightlessness and see the Earth from the edge of space. Branson was expected to arrive in Mojave on Saturday, as were investigators with the National Transportation Safety Board.
“Space is hard, and today was a tough day,” Virgin Galactic CEO President George Whitesides said. “The future rests in many ways on hard, hard days like this.”
The accident occurred just as it seemed commercial space flights were near, after a period of development that lasted far longer than hundreds of prospective passengers had expected.
Branson released a statement Friday night saying it was “among the most difficult trips I have ever had to make” but that he wants to be “with the dedicated and hardworking people who are now in shock at this devastating loss.”
“Space is hard _ but worth it,” Branson wrote. “We will persevere and move forward together.”
When Virgin Group licensed the technology from Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen, who put $26 million into SpaceShipOne, Branson envisioned operating flights by 2007. In interviews last month, he talked about the first flight being next spring with his son.
“It’s a real setback to the idea that lots of people are going to be taking joyrides into the fringes of outer space any time soon,” said John Logsdon, retired space policy director at George Washington University. “There were a lot of people who believed that the technology to carry people is safely at hand.”
Friday’s flight marked the 55th for SpaceShipTwo, which was intended to be the first of a fleet of craft. This was only the fourth flight to include a brief rocket firing. During other flights, the craft either was not released from its mothership or functioned as a glider after release.
At 60-feet (18-meters) long, SpaceShipTwo featured two large windows for each of up to six passengers, one on the side and one overhead.
The accident’s cause was not immediately known, nor was the altitude at which the explosion occurred. The first rocket-powered test flight peaked at about 10 miles (16 kilometers) above Earth. Commercial flights would go 62 miles (100 kilometers) or higher.
One difference on this flight was the type of fuel.
In Pictures:  Virgin Galactic’s SpaceShipTwo crashes in test flight
In May, Virgin Galactic announced that SpaceShipTwo would switch to a polymide-based fuel _ a type of thermoplastic. It had been fueled with a type of rubber called HTPB.
Scaled Composites, the company building the spaceship for Virgin Galactic, had extensively tested the new fuel formulation on the ground, President Kevin Mickey said. He characterized the new fuel as “a small nuance to the design.”
Officials said they had not noticed anything wrong before the flight. The problem happened about 50 minutes after takeoff and within minutes of the spaceship’s release from its mothership, said Stuart Witt, CEO of the Mojave Air and Space Port.
Virgin Galactic _ owned by Branson’s Virgin Group and Aabar Investments PJS of Abu Dhabi _ sells seats on each prospective journey for $250,000. The company says that “future astronauts,” as it calls customers, include Stephen Hawking, Justin Bieber, Ashton Kutcher and Russell Brand. The company reports receiving $90 million from about 700 prospective passengers.
Friday’s accident was the second this week involving private space flight. On Tuesday, an unmanned commercial supply rocket bound for the International Space Station exploded moments after liftoff in Virginia.
Virgin Galactic plans to launch space tourism flights from the quarter-billion-dollar Spaceport America in southern New Mexico once it finished developing its rocket ship.
Taxpayers footed the bill to build the state-of-the-art hangar and runway in a remote stretch of desert in southern New Mexico as part of a plan devised by Branson and former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson. Critics have long challenged the state’s investment, questioning whether flights would ever get off the ground.
SpaceShipTwo is based on aerospace design maverick Burt Rutan’s award-winning SpaceShipOne prototype, which became the first privately financed manned rocket to reach space in 2004.
Friday’s death was not the first associated with the program.
During testing for the development of a rocket motor for SpaceShipTwo in July 2007, an explosion at the Mojave spaceport killed three workers and critically injured three others. A California Division of Occupational Safety and Health report said the blast occurred three seconds after the start of a cold-flow test of nitrous oxide, which is used in the propulsion system of SpaceShipTwo. The engine was not firing during that test.
Pritchard reported from Los Angeles. Associated Press writers David Koenig in Dallas, Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, New Mexico, Seth Borenstein in Washington, and John Antczak, Christopher Weber, Tami Abdollah and Robert Jablon in Los Angeles also contributed to this report.

Raonic dents resurgent Federers No. 1 hopesFederer's number one hopes take a hit in Paris defeat
By By Julien Pretot | Reuters –  Sat 1 Nov, 2014
Print
By Julien Pretot
PARIS (Reuters) - Roger Federer's hopes of knocking Novak Djokovic off the top of the ATP world rankings before the end of the year took a hit when he lost to big-serving Canadian Milos Raonic in the Paris Masters quarter-finals on Friday.
The Swiss second seed was beaten 7-6(5) 7-5 and Djokovic later saw off Britain's Andy Murray 7-5 6-2 to advance to the semi-finals of a tournament he won last year.
Federer had narrowed the points gap on Djokovic in recent weeks but defeat in Bercy halted his charge.
All is not lost for Federer, however, with Djokovic defending a stack of points at the ATP World Tour Finals in London starting on Nov. 9 and the Swiss also able to boost his points tally in the Davis Cup final against France.
"Milos played well. As I said, I always thought it was going to get solved in London," Federer, who beat Raonic in the Wimbledon semi-final this year, told a news conference.
"Whether I am number one at the end of this year or one or two weeks later next year, it doesn't really matter. Novak seems to be fit, anyway."
Seventh seed Raonic kept his hopes of qualifying for the season finale in London alive as he served 21 aces to beat Federer for the first time in seven attempts.
Raonic will face Tomas Berdych in the semi-finals after the Czech booked his place in London with a 6-7(4) 6-4 6-4 victory over South African Kevin Anderson.
Djokovic, who edged a close first set against Murray before running through the second, will take on either Japanese sixth seed Kei Nishikori or Spanish fourth seed David Ferrer.
Federer appeared relieved that he would have a little more time to prepare for the Tour Finals.
"What this does is I will have a good preparation for London," he said. "It's not that I didn't want to win here, but I knew it was going to be tough from the start. I accept that."
The 17-times grand slam champion never found the key on Raonic's huge serve and managed to engineer only one break point, in the 10th game of the second set when the Canadian bombed down an ace to fend off a set point.
A superb backhand pass in the next game allowed Raonic to break the Federer serve and he closed out the match in style.
"Considering all the circumstances around it, I think this was the biggest win for me," Raonic told reporters.
Fifth-seeded Berdych, who won on his Bercy debut in 2005, became the sixth player to secure his place in London.
After losing the opening set tiebreak, he found his range on serve to level and recovered from a break down in the third set to finally subdue Anderson and qualify for the year-ender for the fifth year in succession.
THE RACE TO LONDON: POINTS
1 Novak Djokovic 9370 - qualified
2 Roger Federer 8700 - qualified
3 Rafael Nadal* 6835 - withdrew
4 Stan Wawrinka 4895 - qualified
5 Andy Murray 4475 - qualified
6 Tomas Berdych   4465 - qualified7 Kei Nishikori 4445
8 Milos Raonic 42009 Marin Cilic** 4150 - qualified
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
* Nadal has withdrawn due to appendicitis
** Cilic qualifies as U.S. Open champion
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Martyn Herman)
Recommend

Army takes over Burkina Faso after president steps downIn this photo taken Thursday, Oct. 30, 2014, a car burns after being set alight by protesters outside the parliament building in Burkina Faso. (Source: AP)
By: AP | Posted: November 1, 2014 12:12 pm
The president of Burkina Faso stepped down Friday after protesters stormed parliament and set the building ablaze, ending his 27-year reign and sparking a struggle in the military for control of the West African country.
An army general quickly announced he was stepping into the vacuum left by departing President Blaise Compaore, but hours later, a colonel made the same declaration.
Col. Yacouba Zida said early Saturday that he was stepping in immediately to lead the transition back to democracy in a recorded address posted early Saturday on the website of a national television station.
“While we wait to define in a consensual manner, with all of the political parties and civil society organizations, the contours and composition of this peaceful democratic transition, I will henceforth assume, from today, the responsibilities of the head of this transition and the head of state,” he said.
There were signs late Friday that Zida was making a bid for power, when he announced that the country’s borders had been closed, a transitional committee had been set up and the constitution had been suspended.
But earlier in the day, Gen. Honore Traore, the joint chief of staff, had told a packed room of reporters that he would assume the presidency until elections were called. It was not immediately clear if Traore accepted Zida’s announcement Saturday.
When he resigned, Compaore had said a vote would be held in 90 days, but Zida said the “length and makeup of the transitional body will be decided later.”
Over the course of several dramatic hours, Compaore went from looking likely to jam through parliament a bill that would let him seek a fifth term to agreeing to step down next year to abandoning office immediately.
The quick succession of events took many by surprise, since Compaore had long out-maneuvered his adversaries and has in recent years become an important regional mediator. Burkina Faso hosts French special forces and serves as an important ally of both France and the United States in the fight against Islamic militants in West Africa.
But French President Francois Hollande was quick to “salute” his decision to resign.
Jen Psaki, spokesperson for the U.S. State Department, called for democratic elections.
“We condemn any attempts by the military or other parties to take advantage of the situation for unconstitutional gain and call on all parties to respect the people’s support for the democratic process,” she said in a statement released late Friday.
While he was respected on the international stage, critics noted that, under Compaore’s semi-authoritarian rule, the country of 18 million people remained mired in poverty. The landlocked country’s fortunes rise and fall with gold and cotton prices and adequate rain in a region plagued by drought.
Compaore’s exit will have significance throughout the region, where many leaders have pushed through continued…

Right-to-die: Why Brittany Maynard wanted to kill herself todayprint
Saturday was supposed to be the day that Brittany Maynard killed herself. She still might do it, but her latest message seems to suggest she intends to live, at least for a while.
Regardless, this 29-year-old woman suffering from terminal brain cancer has shared her journey to death with a transfixed world. Some have cheered her, while others have decried her choice and pleaded with her to let nature take its course instead.
Maynard's very public decision has made the right-to-die movement something real and immediate for a generation of millennials too young to have confronted their own mortality.
Her youth, candor and simple but moving plans - to die in the Oregon bedroom she shares with her husband - have attracted a global following: A YouTube video has more than 9.3 million views; her fund's website has been visited more than 4 million times, including from such far-flung places as Tajikistan, Iceland, Syria and Burkina Faso.
In this October 21, 2014, file photo provided by TheBrittanyFund.org, Brittany Maynard, left, hugs her mother Debbie Ziegler next to a helicopter at the Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona. (AP Photo/TheBrittanyFund.org)
"It's changed everything for us in terms of awareness," says Barbara Coombs Lee, co-author of Oregon's death-with-dignity law and president of Compassion & Choices, which seeks to expand such measures around the U.S. and has partnered with Maynard.
"The general public has sort of an unspoken expectation that this is what old people deal with. Brittany Maynard's situation is so different. She's young, she's vibrant. She could be my daughter. She could be a granddaughter, a neighbor, a school friend."
Maynard's right-to-die arguments are not new, but her unfolding tragedy - relayed through tweets, videos and other social media - has broadened the conversation to include more of her peers, says Abraham Schwab, a medical ethicist at Indiana University-Purdue University Fort Wayne. "She's changed the debate by changing the audience of the debate," he adds.
Maynard, who was given six months to live this spring, announced this summer she would die on her own terms with a lethal dose of drugs - permitted under Oregon law - rather than suffer the debilitating effects of her spreading cancer. She'd originally planned to end her life Nov. 1, but supporters said that was always a flexible date. In a video released Thursday, she suggested she likely will wait.
"I still feel good enough and I still have enough joy and I still laugh and smile with my family and friends enough that it doesn't seem like the right time right now," she says in the video released by Compassion & Choices. "But it will come, because I feel myself getting sicker. It's happening each week."
Maynard said if Sunday arrives and she's gone, she hopes her family "is still proud of me" but if she's alive "we'll be still be moving forward as a family" and the decision will come later.
Noting some people think she doesn't look as sick as she is, Maynard said she's gained more than 25 pounds in the last three months with the help of medicine. She also described a "terrifying" set of seizures about a week ago when she looked at her husband, Dan, and couldn't say his name.
Wiping away tears at times, Maynard said it hurts when people criticize her for moving too quickly. "The worst thing that could happen to me is that I wait too long because I'm trying to seize each day but that I somehow have the autonomy taken away from me because of my disease," she said.
The video features Maynard, strolling hand-and-hand with her husband in the woods and enjoying an outdoor meal with him and her mother. At one point, she holds up a September 2012 photo of herself as a beaming bride. It's one of many images posted online in recent months, including photos of her and Dan kissing during a recent trip to the Grand Canyon, which she called the last item on her bucket list.
Maynard disclosed her intentions when she described how she was diagnosed in January with brain cancer, then given the six-month prognosis in April. She moved from California to Oregon, which in 1997 became the first state to make it legal for a doctor ta prescribe a life-ending drug to a terminally ill patient of sound mind who makes the request.
The median age of death for those who have taken their lives under this law is 71.
Four other states - Washington, Montana, Vermont and New Mexico - allow patients to seek aid in dying.
Maynard's decision has not been without controversy. Some religious groups and others opposed to physician-assisted suicide have voiced objections, including the American Life League. "There is something that is as fundamentally wrong with her arriving at this decision just as it is for the person who jumps off a roof," says Judie Brown, the group's president.
Philip Johnson, a seminarian from the Diocese of Raleigh, North Carolina, also weighed in online with a more personal take: He was diagnosed with incurable brain cancer in 2008 at age 24.
"I do feel for her and understand her difficult situation, but no diagnosis warrants suicide," he wrote. "A diagnosis of terminal cancer uproots one's whole life, and the decision to pursue physician-assisted suicide seeks to grasp at an ounce of control in the midst of turmoil. It is an understandable temptation to take this course of action, but that is all that it is - a temptation to avoid an important reality of life."
In her video, Maynard says she'd like her husband, Dan, to someday become a father. She also talks of her own fate.
"If all my dreams came true, I would somehow survive this but," she says, reaching for a tissue, "I most likely won't."
Watch: The Brittany Maynard Fund

Khirki raid: Somnath Bharti claims this video will prove he s not a molester or racistComments
Former Delhi law minister and Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Somnath Bharti has submitted footage in a New Delhi court to back his claims in an ongoing molestation and racial hatred case against him.
As Delhi's minister Bharti had in January this year carried out a alleged midnight raid at the house of a group of African nationals in south Delhi's Khirki Extension, following which the police registered a case of molestation and racial hatred.
Bharti has now in his defence filed a video before a city court purportedly showing crucial visual evidence, he says cops suppressed during investigation.
According to Bharti, this video, accessed by HT, shows the “true course of events” which took place on the night of the raid by him and his followers. He has further alleged the cops had failed to disclose that their only eye-witness was a drug dealer and pimp who had an axe to grind with him because of his efforts to shut down her trafficking trade in Malviya Nagar.
Watch: Somnath Bharti   claims this video proves he's not a molester or racist
Bharti has asked the court to direct FIRs to be registered against the cops who handled the investigation on the basis that they registered the molestation and racial hatred complaint against him with mala fide and politically motivated intent. The court is due to rule on this application on November 3.
In its chargesheet filed on Sept 29. In the over 100-page document, police have cited around 40 prosecution witnesses, including nine African woman, to buttress the charges. They’ve accused Bharti and his followers of “trespassing” into the house of the main complainant — who was residing with two other foreign nationals, also complainants in the case. It claims that the accused “molested and assaulted them” and “dragged them out of their houses”.
The incident took place on the intervening nights of January 15 and 16, when Bharti, the MLA from Malviya Nagar in south Delhi, along with several followers allegedly barged into the houses of African residents living in Khirkee Extension. He had said that his actions were based on complaints received from other residents in the area that the Ugandan families had set up a drugs and prostitution racket there.
Delhi Police vs AAP Leaders: Delhi Law Minister Somnath Bharti conducts raids

Time ripe for Rahul to take charge: DigvijayNew Delhi, November 1, 2014
Updated: November 2, 2014 09:45 IST
Row over Digvijaya’s Rahul remark
Special Correspondent
Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh stirred up a hornet's nest by declaring that the time has come for AICC vice-president Rahul Gandhi to take over the reins of the party. File photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
national politics
The Congress was, however, quick to distance itself from his statement saying it was his "personal view."
Controversy erupted after Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh suggested on Saturday that party vice-president Rahul Gandhi take over as party chief from his mother, Sonia Gandhi.
The party officially sought to play down Mr. Singh’s suggestion as a personal view. “It’s a general feeling of party workers that the Congress has always encouraged younger people to lead it. Therefore, I think the time has come when Rahul should take charge,”he had said.
Party spokesperson and former Minister Anand Sharma said Sonia was a source of great inspiration for the party. “Rahul Gandhi is also an inspiration and future of the party,” he added.

Power blackout hits Bangladesh as transmission from India breaksPrint
A Bangladeshi man walks in a shopping mall during a blackout in Dhaka on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 8:34 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 1:21 am
Bangladesh was hit by a blackout around noon on Saturday that resulted in a near-total grid failure on their side, which then led to a disruption in power supply from India to that country.
Bangladesh’s initial reaction to the outage was to blame it on a tripping of the link between the two countries that has been operational since October 2013. Indian grid managers have substantially rebutted this, saying the glitch originated in the Bangladesh power grid system, which led to a tripping of a key HVDC (high voltage direct current) terminal at Bheramara in southwestern Bangladesh and supply from India stopped as a result.
The HVDC terminal is a crucial gateway of the inter-country grid system that hooks up the two power networks through a 400-kilo volt line that runs from Baharampur in West Bengal to Bheramara, with a capacity to wheel about 500 MW of power between the two countries.
At the time of power disruption in Bangladesh, India was maintaining its routine supply of around 450 MW through the HVDC terminal at Bheramara. According to Indian officials, the blackout resulted in a tripping of the HVDC terminal and supply from India stopped. The terminal interconnecting the two grids is designed in such a manner that power to Bangladesh can be transferred only if the systems on the Bangladeshi side maintain normal frequency. The outage on the Bangladesh side led to a drop in frequency, causing the terminal to snap.
Bangladesh has a cumulative load of around 5,000 MW.
According to officials, till late Saturday evening, Bangladesh had not been able to restore the western part of its grid and as a result, the supply from the Indian side is yet to be resumed. They said no grid disturbance had been reported on the Indian side and the grid parameters have remained stable throughout the day.
Incidentally, Bangladesh’s initial reaction was to blame the blackout on the failure of the transmission line bringing electricity from India. Masum-Al-Beruni, managing director of the state-run Power Grid Company of Bangladesh Ltd was quoted by the Associated Press as saying the blackout was caused by a “technical glitch” and indicating that it could have to do with the line with India.
The head of the national grid in Bangladesh, Chowdhury Alamgir Hossain, reportedly told the Dhaka Tribune newspaper that the power cut began after “a technical glitch at a substation distributing power from India”.
 

Telangana power crisis: Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao says Centre "vengeful" towards stateE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Birthday gift: Ambanis likely to lend corporate hand in cleaning ghats of VaranasiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Budget 2015 should be full of new ideas: PM Narendra ModiBJP
(Modi said the Budget should…)
NEW DELHI: Giving an idea of the nature of next year's Budget, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said it should be "full of new ideas" with transformational and measurable deliverables.
In an interaction with Secretaries of various ministries and departments, he said the Budget should be "output to outcome-oriented", inferring that investments should have measurable outcomes, sources told PTI tonight.
During the interaction over 'high tea' at his residence, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress of work being done on various government initiatives, including the 'Swachh Bharat' and 'Digital India' campaigns, and asked the bureaucrats to take decisions without any fear while assuring his full backing.
While talking about the next Budget, he said it should have transformational and measurable deliverables. "It should be full of new ideas," he said, in a hint of how the proposals should be.
Encouraging Secretaries to come up with new ideas and proposals for the next Budget, the Prime Minister asked all government departments to advance budget-related processes by three months, so that the moment the new financial year begins on April 1, work could begin as per the provisions of the new Budget in real-time.
"He called for shifting government emphasis from output to outcome," a PMO statement said later.
At the interaction with the top bureaucrats, second since he became the Prime Minister in May-end, Modi said, "Good things are starting to happen... We are one team. Let us bring openness in governance, come closer and work together."
Some bureaucrats said the Anti-Corruption Act does not have protection for them but Modi told them to take decisions without any fear as he would back the right decisions, the sources said.
"He assured them that there would be no political interference and asked Secretaries to work fearlessly in the interest of the nation," the statement said.
Modi expressed appreciation for the involvement in various subjects that the Secretaries had exhibited in the course of conversation, and said this augured well for the country.
At the interaction where more than 80 Secretary-level officers were present, the Prime Minister suggested that all the top bureaucrats should visit the place of their first posting for a couple of days, as this would provide them several new insights on policy-making.
About 70 per cent discussion at the interaction was focussed on the Swachh Bharat campaign, launched by Modi on October 2, the sources said.
Describing it as an issue of mindset, the Prime Minister told the bureaucrats to ensure that each department carries forward the message so that India becomes free of dirt.
Citing feedback he was receiving on social media, he said attitude of people was beginning to change, and the entire mission was becoming people-driven.
"The Prime Minister said cleanliness is not about resources but about attitudes," the statement said.
He asked the senior government officers to study the ideas and suggestions being received on the MyGov platform and said individuals giving good suggestions need to be identified, and teams can be built in this fashion.
Modi also underlined that Digital India campaign should be implemented in all departments.
In this context, he was told that the Information and Broadcasting Ministry and Press Information Bureau have expanded the reach of this campaign.
Secretaries expressed their views on a range of issues in a free and frank manner, the statement said, adding they spoke of the initiatives they had taken over the last five months, and gave suggestions on what could be done in the near future, and beyond.
They said they had got a new direction to work for the nation under the leadership of the Prime Minister, the statement said.
Union ministers Rajnath Singh, Arun Jaitley and Venkaiah Naidu were also present, along with National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Next budget should be full of new ideas: ModiNew Delhi, November 1, 2014
Updated: November 2, 2014 09:42 IST
Modi meets Secretaries, sets tone for next budget
Puja Mehra
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the launch of 'BJP's Sadasyata Abhiyaan' at BJP HQ in New Delhi on Saturday. Photo: Shanker Chakravarty
TOPICS
budgets and budgeting
Mr. Modi encouraged the Secretary-rank officials to come up with new ideas for the forthcoming Union Budget
Three months ahead of the presentation of the Union Budget, Prime Minister Narendra Modi called upon senior bureaucrats on Saturday to build upon the “momentum” and “positive atmosphere” generated in the first five months of the new government by shifting the emphasis of governance to measurable outcomes.
At an informal interaction over high tea at his residence, Mr. Modi encouraged the Secretary-rank officials to come up with new ideas and proposals for the forthcoming Union Budget to be presented in February next year based on the suggestions being received on the MyGov platform, according to an official release.
“Good things are starting to happen …We are one team. Let us bring openness in governance, come closer and work together,” the Prime Minister told the officials assuring them of zero political interference and asking them to work fearlessly in the interest of the nation.
New spending rules the Finance Ministry introduced a few weeks ago aim to address the issue of quality of government spending through the stipulation that all schemes and programmes be monitored and evaluated in terms of “measurably defined” outcomes, an improvement over the outcomes policy of the Manmohan Singh government.
The Prime Minister’s endorsement of outcomes-oriented spending is expected to begin to reflect in all new schemes and projects.
He suggested that all Secretaries visit the place of their first posting to get new insights.

Stir in Congress: TN unit stares at split; Digvijaya bats for RahulSplit stares at TN Cong, Vasan set to break away
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  Chennai/New Delhi, November 01, 2014
First Published: 18:14 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 01:03 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
Senior Tamil Nadu Congress leader GK Vasan threatened to break away from the party on Saturday, highlighting the faultlines in India’s oldest party, a day after Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh said Rahul Gandhi should take charge of the party.
Vasan and some other party leaders were upset with the central leadership over the issue of using images of Tamil leaders GK Moopanar and K Kamraj on Congress membership cards.
The Congress has seen a spate of resignations from its state unit over the issue and Vasan has been holding consultations with his supporters for the past two days, including former MLAs Vellore Gnanasekaran and Vidiyal Sekar, fuelling talks of a revival of the Tamil Maanila Congress founded by Vasan’s father, the late Moopanar.
“I will announce my next plan of action on November 3,” he said, shouting “Valamana Tamilagam, Valimayana Bharatham (prosperous Tamil Nadu, vibrant India)”, a slogan coined in 1996 when the party was founded.
Vasan alleged party workers were infuriated by the controversy over the pictures. “In Tamil Nadu, the movement (Congress) can be strengthened only by invoking the legacy of Kamaraj and Moopanar,” he said.
Vasan supporter Gnanadesikan earlier quit as Tamil Nadu Congress Committee chief, alleging the high command had not allowed them to use images of Kamaraj and Moopanar on the cards.
The development could not have come at a worse time for the Congress, which recorded its worst performance in the April-May general election, managing to win only 44 seats. It also lost power in Haryana and Maharashtra in last month’s assembly polls, causing a lot of concern among the party cadres.
Senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh stirred a hornet’s nest on Friday when he said that a section of the party felt the time had come for Rahul Gandhi to take over the party’s mantle.
Congress leaders distanced themselves from Singh’s comments, calling them his personal views.
“Those are his views,” said party spokesperson Anand Sharma. “Rahul Gandhi is our elected vice-president and definitely he mobilises the youth and is the future. Both give us strength and whatever steps are required, those are taken by the collective wisdom of the Congress leadership.”
Senior Congress leader Makhan Lal Fotedar said the general secretary’s statement was ill-timed.
“He (Digvijaya) wants to become the party chief,” Fotedar said. “Such people take advantage of the bad time the party is going through. But what they say is not correct. Whatever he wants to say he should say on a party forum.”
(with agency inputs)

Woman accuses DIG son of assaultWoman accuses DIG son of assault
Despite festival season  car sales hit hump in OctoberDespite festival season  car sales hit hump in October
Bicycle rental service launched in IndoreBicycle rental service launched in Indore
From the discomfort Zone: DigitalgraveyardPrint
Written by Shombit Sengupta | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:45 am
Beginning of the digital graveyard: In my observation of the world, the digital graveyard is imminent from 2025 onwards. A new art revolution is likely to emerge, ideating with the blend of brush, mind and vibrant colours to focus on canvas that portrays the next level of the artist’s imagination for society’s future upliftment, just as the Dada movement from Eastern Europeexactly a century ago. That was a rebellion against war and society. Since the birth of the Internet, the concept of digital art has proliferated. Software tutors a person to make digital images where originality is barely there, destroying human creativity.
By 2025, people will shift from being zombied armchair travellers on the Internet’s virtual screen to physically travel more for tangible discovery, to enjoy different cultures. By 2025, developed countries will bring the revolution of designing the human interface of any product or service to be warm, vibrant and inviting like flesh that will sit on a digital skeleton. This physical touch seduction and feel will inspire innovation in the urge for the next.
Art of mechanical edge: Gramophone, the first musical reproduction entertainment instrument from the last century, had a hallucinating design edge. Instrument styles were recognisable, they were very different country-wise, and even within competitors in a country. Using the same mechanical function, these delivered outstanding craftsmanship before electrical devices arrived around 1924. But the customer interface of all current digital products look similar, with barely any distinction among them. Due to digital technology, the output will be the same too. So how does the industry differentiate low to high pricing? At least in a low to high cost automobile, you can enjoy the basic to luxury difference due to engine, speed, quality and fit and finish. In a mobile handset though, it’s difficult to understand the logic of price differentiation hierarchy.
Mobile phones or tablets are like varieties of rice: Huge R&D spends make the screen size a few inches big or small, there’s an overdose of digital gimmicks with no rationale between need vs the unnecessary. Like varieties of rice, new launches come every six months, confusing your two hands, two eyes and one brain. When you travel to a foreign country and forget to switch off mobile data, you suddenly get a bill of Rs 50,000-1 lakh on returning to India.
Totally surprised, you can complain to the service provider saying you did not use such data abroad, the answer you’ll get is your apps were continuously updating your mobile device. Should the customer get cheated for owning a costly phone and not being trained on its umpteen features? The manufacturer and service provider happily made this lollipop for the masses to suck and be fooled. But the day is coming that will send all these things to the digital graveyard.
TV set fooling us: Cumbersome and cubical, yesterday’s TV set takes too much space; bigger the screen, larger the cube. That’s all changed with digital innovation. Now TVs are slim, with better picture quality and super advantage continued…

US: As Election Day nears  Barack Obama takes centerstageUS President Barack Obama and the top Senate Republican offered clashing views about the nation's trajectory on Saturday.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:42 am
US President Barack Obama and the top Senate Republican offered clashing views about the nation’s trajectory on Saturday in the final weekend before a national election in which control of the Senate, the House and 36 governorships will be at stake.
Obama emphasized economic growth during his tenure while Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell depicted events he says seem to be spinning out the White House’s control.
Republicans need to gain six seats to come away with the biggest prize in Tuesday’s election – control of the Senate during Obama’s final two years in office which would give them more power to thwart his legislative agenda and block key nominations. The party is all but certain to hold its majority in the House of Representatives.
With just three days remaining before Tuesday’s election, polls show an unusually high number of Senate races remaining too close to call – with polls showing 10 states in which the candidates are separated by 5 percentage points or less. Two states, Georgia and Louisiana, require runoffs if no candidate gets at least 50 percent of the vote, raising the possibility that the Senate majority might not be decided for weeks.
Obama and McConnell, in their parties’ radio and Internet addresses, did find some common ground.
They agreed that many Americans’ wages are still falling behind. But Obama blamed Congress for not acting on measures such as raising the minimum wage, and McConnell faulted Obama for policies he said have failed.
“We’ve got to harness this momentum and make the right choices so that everyone who works hard can get ahead,” Obama said. He stressed the need for policies that make the economy friendlier to women. Democrats need to energise female voters and get them to the polls if they want to overcome Republican advantages in several states.
McConnell, who is locked in a tight Senate race with Democratic challenger Alison Lundergan Grimes, said that “in difficult times, the American people expect real leadership from Washington.”
“What they don’t need are more unworkable ideas that often make the problem worse,” McConnell said.
The sparring heading into Tuesday’s voting underscored the prominent role that Obama has taken in the elections at the midpoint of his second term even though he is not on the ballot. Republicans have tried to make the election about the president, especially in states carried by Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney in 2012 where Obama’s unpopularity runs deeper than in the country as a whole.
While many Democratic candidates have sought to distance themselves from the president by criticising his leadership and avoiding appearing with him, Obama has been enlisted to mobilise core Democratic voters either through campaign rallies over the last week or less overtly through targeted radio ads, mail and Internet messages.
Obama was making continued…

Inside track: Pressing hiscaseRecently, Katju tried to earn brownie points with the government by raking up an old scandal against the judiciary.
Written by Coomi Kapoor | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:34 am
The three-year, controversy-ridden tenure of Markandey Katju as chairman of the Press Council of India is over, but he is anxious to be renominated. The selection is done by a committee consisting of the vice-president of India, Lok Sabha speaker and a representative from the Press Council. Katju, who began his tenure attacking the media, has now changed his tune. He has been telephoning journalists who are members of the Press Council to lobby his case. He was even agreeable to the outrageous proposal that Press Council members be provided iPads and personal assistants. The suggestion was shot down. With such interest in the choice of representative for the selection committee, the Press Council for the first time picked one not by consensus but through a secret ballot. Recently, Katju tried to earn brownie points with the government by raking up an old scandal against the judiciary at a time when the executive and judiciary seem to be at loggerheads over appointments to the Supreme Court.
Three is a crowd
With BJP treasurer Piyush Goyal appointed as the Minister of State for Power, the party has to find a new treasurer. The reported favourite for the job is Parindu Bhagat, known generally by his pet name ‘Kakubhai’. A tax consultant, Kakubhai is extremely close to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah. His father was a prominent RSS leader who was Modi’s mentor. Kakubhai is Modi’s backroom boy in Gujarat and headed his election cell. But the question is can there be yet another Gujarati in top party posts?
Dead tell no tales
The Congress is sanguine that the eventual revelation of names in the list of those holding black money in Swiss bank accounts will not embarrass the party. Of the five names allegedly linked to the party, two are dead. The fortunes of four can be traced either to private wealth or individual corruption. The case of one account holder who passed away more than a decade ago is, however, intriguing. He was chairperson of the party’s newspaper group for long, was a loyal factotum of the Gandhi family and was once a power to reckon with in Indira Gandhi’s household.
Back to his books
During the 10 years the UPA was in power, Shashi Tharoor played the part of a loyal Congressman. So much so that copies of his doctoral treatise, Reasons of State, mysteriously disappeared once he was in government. Tharoor had panned Indira Gandhi’s foreign policy between 1966 and 1977 in the book. Tharoor also kept silent about his magnum opus, The Great Indian Novel. The book, a work of fiction, takes its inspiration from the Mahabharata and many of the characters are thinly disguised take-offs on such Congress icons as continued…

What the world is reading: A desire to rethinkissuesPrint
Written by Aleesha Matharu | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:32 am
When Pope Francis told a gathering of scientists this week that the Big Bang and evolution were real, he set off a firestorm of media coverage. “When we read about creation in Genesis, we run the risk of imagining God was a magician, with a magic wand able to do everything. But that is not so,” Francis said at the Pontifical Academy of Sciences on October 27, after unveiling a bust of his predecessor Pope Benedict XVI.
But, this is not the first time a pope has strongly supported the notion of evolution. In 1950, Pope Pius XII announced that Catholic doctrine and evolution could be compatible, an attitude endorsed by Pope John Paul II, who said evolution is “more than a hypothesis” and “effectively proven fact”.
Tia Ghose, writing for LiveScience, says, “The Catholic Church has never opposed the Big Bang theory, the notion that the universe was created with a boom more than 13 billion years ago. ”
“So why all the headlines?” questions Heidi Schlumpf for CNN. Probably because “Francis is newsworthy, plain and simple. In the same vein, much of the media clings to the image of the Church as anti-science. That the whole Galileo thing is still baggage, some 400 years later, seems unfair, though.”
Arguing that something very different is happening under Pope Francis, Ross Douthat wrote in The New York Times that “this Pope has repeatedly signalled a desire to rethink issues where Catholic teaching is in clear tension with Western social life — sex and marriage, divorce and homosexuality”.
Giulio Giorello, professor of the philosophy of science at Milan’s University degli Studi, told The Independent that he believed Francis was “trying to reduce the emotion of dispute or presumed disputes” with science.
A 2013 Pew Research survey found that 33 per cent of all American adults believe that “humans existed in present form since the beginning”. Among Catholics, the percentages are slightly lower; 31 per cent of Hispanic Catholics deny evolution, as do 26 per cent of white Catholics.
“But if you parse Francis’s words… you’ll find that tinges of creationism remain,” opines Jerry A Coyne for New Republic.

Fifth column: CulturalrenewalWhen the RSS leaders turned up in Delhi last week to tell the Minister of Human Resource Development that they wanted changes in school education, they had a point.
Written by Tavleen Singh | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:27 am
It is hard to think of a time when India has been more ready for an Indian-style cultural revolution. The political party that gave us socialist feudalism is in the throes of defeatism. Leftist parties who gave Congress intellectual and moral support are in disarray. And a new political order has replaced the old in Delhi. In every sense, the time has come to talk of many things, and one of these things should be the cultural desert that young Indians grow up in today.
The realms of high culture that in more civilised countries resonate with literature, music and art are occupied in India by Bollywood and trashy TV serials. Inevitable, since mass education is such a mess that most children leave school without learning to read a storybook. Reading is so out of fashion that most small towns in India have no bookshops, most villages have no libraries and, in our bigger cities, bookshops stock mostly books and magazines written in English.
So when the RSS leaders turned up in Delhi last week to tell the Minister of Human Resource Development that they wanted changes in school education, they had a point. Unfortunately, because the RSS is led by doddering old bigots and provincial intellectuals, this ‘cultural’ organisation is in no position to give the HRD Minister worthwhile advice. The RSS leaders who met the minister reportedly confined their concerns to history books that they claim portray a ‘Western’ view of history.  They demanded that these books be replaced by those written by historians with an Indian view of history. They have a point, but they make it badly.
It is true that in the decades in which India was ruled imperiously by the Congress, the task of writing history textbooks was allotted to Leftist historians who chose to view India’s past through a distorted lens. The most celebrated of these historians, Romila Thapar, has gone so far as to deny that Muslim invaders destroyed the temples of us idolatrous infidels. Undoubtedly, if she were writing about more recent history, she would deny that the Taliban blew up the Buddhas of Bamiyan — and would say that they fell to pieces of their own accord.
In the interests of ‘secularism’, most Indian schools and colleges provide only limited courses for the study of ancient India, Vedic Hinduism and Sanskrit literature. So the vast majority of Indian children grow up with a sense of being Indian that is restricted to a religious identity. When this gets infused with a toxic sort of nationalism, as happens in RSS educational institutions, the result is bigotry of continued…

HUL unions threaten to intensify agitation o...You are here: Home > Collections > Federation
Hindustan Unilever unions threaten to intensify agitation over low wages
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 09.00PM IST
Tags:
Arvind Nair
(The threat comes a day after…)
MUMBAI: Threatening to intensify their agitation over low wages and other grievances, the Hindustan Lever Employees Federation today asked the company to resolve the issues at the earliest or face more industrial unrest.
The threat comes a day after around 450 employees and their family members held a demonstration at the headquarters of the largest consumer goods-maker here. These employees belong to the two units at Dapada and Amli in the Union Territory of Dadra & Nagar Haveli.
The federation is demanding higher wages and taking back those 13 employees who it claims sacked "illegally" by the company as well as bypassing major unions on employee-related issues.
The federation is the umbrella body of the HUL workers and claims representation of around 4,000 from across 18 facilities. HUL has a total 6,500 permanent workers at its 30 facilities across the country.
"We held a meeting of the federation here today and we have urged the management to resolve the issues regarding wages and illegal termination of our 13 members at the earliest or face intensified agitation," Federation vice-president Arvind Nair told PTI this evening.
The company, however, denied that it is trampling on trade union rights and claimed that it has always operated within the ambit of the local legislations.
"Hindustan Unilever has always respected employees' rights to join or not to join a legally recognised trade union, or any other body representing their collective interests. We have always operated within the framework of local law," the company said in a statement.
Nair further said the federation has mandated its local units to negotiate on the issues with the management and find an amicable solution, adding, "if the management fails to do so, we will decide our next course of action."
Alleging that the management had signed the periodic wage settlement agreements with the "pocket unions," Nair said the federation wants all employee-related issues should be discussed with the federation or its local union leaders.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Richard Branson Plans Cautious Return to Space Race After Friday s CrashRichard Branson Plans Cautious Return to Space Race After Friday s Crash
Power partly restored in Bangladesh after nationwide blackoutPower partly restored in Bangladesh after nationwide blackout
Unmanned Antares rocket explodes on launchShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
NASA's unmanned Antares rocket explodes on launch - NASA TV
Oct 29, 2014 : An unmanned Antares rocket explodes seconds after lift off from a commercial launch pad in Virginia, a NASA TV broadcast shows. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

Pakistan turn the screw on struggling AustraliaTweet
0
Imran celebrates after bowling out Clarke in Abu Dhabi.Pakistan 570 for 6 declared and 61 for 2 lead Australia 261 (Marsh 87, Imran 3-60) by 370 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Sometime in the next two days, Australian ineptitude on slow wickets will very likely have delivered Pakistan a richly deserved series victory after the visitors' first innings melted away in Abu Dhabi.
Mitchell Marsh offered the only resistance in an innings that more or less sealed the series for Misbah-ul-Haq 's men, moreover the most convincing since a 3-0 hiding in 1982 - the selector on duty Rod Marsh will remember it all too well.
Misbah chose not to enforce the follow on despite a lead of 309, and two early wickets to Mitchell Johnson were too little, too late.
More pivotal was the fact that Rahat Ali, Imran Khan, Zulfiqar Babar and Yasir Shah all delivered vexing spells, on a surface that seemed far more lively in Pakistani hands than it ever did when Australia's bowlers allowed their opponents to run up to 570 for 6 declared.
The gambit of placing Glenn Maxwell in the top order worked only briefly, his rapid 37 ended with an unsightly ran down the wicket to Babar, who once again showed the wiles of a high class left-arm spinner by also defeating Steven Smith .
David Warner began the day's wickets with a spendthrift swish at Rahat, who placed Australia's pacemen in the shade by gaining movement both ways. Imran followed suit after lunch to swerve through Michael Clarke , and Yasir Shah 's beguilement of Brad Haddin and Mitchell Johnson left Marsh alone with the tail.
Lyon and Warner began the day well and truly behind in the match but with the hope of establishing a foothold on Australia's first innings. Lyon played commendably straight, though he was fortunate to escape an lbw appeal from Babar.
Warner needed to reprise his Dubai hundred, but the subtle movement being gained by Rahat drew him into chasing a wide delivery that was caught at backward point - Warner himself having missed a similar chance from the bat of Younis Khan the previous morning.
Maxwell thus went out to bat to join a nightwatchman rather than a batsman, but quickly demonstrated that his hurtling method would not change in any circumstances. Briefly it worked, as he advanced the scoreboard more rapidly than Australia have managed at any time in the series.
But Misbah and his bowlers remained patient, reasoning that this could not last. Logically and almost inevitably it did not, as Maxwell danced down the wicket to Babar, lifted his head as he did so, and was beaten by a little turn that diverted the ball to hit off stump. A tally of 37 from 28 balls can win a Twenty20 match; in a Test it is barely a cameo.
Rahat was continuing to move the ball both ways, and an inswinger burst through Lyon's defences after 85 stubborn balls. Smith was the token batsman dismissed before getting settled as can happen, beaten by another lovely delivery from Babar that struck the top of his back pad and was, according to Hawkeye, going on to hit enough of the stumps.
Clarke played with energy and intent to the interval, but when play resumed he was bewitched and then dismissed by Imran, who gained sharp reverse swing that Clarke seemed unable to adjust to. After twice miscuing balls that bended in to him, he missed a third completely, and middle stump was knocked flat on the ground.
Haddin was inconvenienced by the AC joint problem he suffered on day two, but was dismissed rather simply by Yasir, who spun one leg break past his outside edge before bowling the wicketkeeper via inside edge with a flatter ball that did not turn. Johnson skied a slog at Yasir the ball after being dropped by Sarfraz Ahmed behind the stumps, and Marsh fell short of a century by falling on Australia's devil's number - 87.
The closing passage of the day saw Ahmed Shahzad and Mohammad Hafeez defeated, but it mattered little. The series is decided.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Budget investments should have measurable outcomes: ModiHi Guest
Budget investments should have measurable outcomes: Modi
Giving an idea of the nature of next year's Budget, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said it should be "full of new ideas" with transformational and measurable deliverables. In an interaction with Secretaries of various ministries and departments, he said the Budget should be "output to outcome-oriented", inferring that investments should have measurable outcomes, sources told PTI tonight. During the interaction over 'high tea' at his residence, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress of work ...

Damp Diwali for car makers as October sales subduedDamp Diwali for car makers as October sales subdued
Online retail in India more than 18-month partyOnline retail in India more than 18-month party
Pilot killed in Virgin spaceship crash identified: LA Times reportsPilot killed in Virgin spaceship crash identified: LA Times reports
Honda India Register 18% Growth in OctoberHonda India Register 18% Growth in October
Walmart Considering Matching Amazon s Prices During Holiday SeasonWalmart Considering Matching Amazon's Prices During Holiday Season
 | By                                                                By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is considering matching online prices from competitors such as Amazon.com, raising the stakes for the holiday shopping season.
The world's largest retailer, based in Bentonville, Arkansas, has matched prices of local store competitors but has not followed other retailers including Best Buy and Target in matching prices of online rivals. But last month, Wal-Mart started to test the strategy in five markets: Atlanta; Charlotte, North Carolina; Dallas; Phoenix; and northwest Arkansas.
The move was first reported by The Wall Street Journal on Thursday.
Wal-Mart is trying to rev up sluggish sales in the U.S. as it battles competition from online retailers, dollar stores and drugstores. At the same time, it's also dealing with a slowly recovering economy that hasn't benefited its low-income shoppers. As a result, Wal-Mart's U.S. namesake stores, which account for 60 percent of its total business, haven't reported growth in a key sales measure in six straight quarters.
But matching prices from sellers that don't have the costs associated with running brick-and-mortar stores could also hurt profits.
Wal-Mart's move underscores how stores are being forced to step up their game for the holiday shopping season, which accounts for about 20 percent of retail industry's annual sales. The National Retail Federation, the nation's largest retail trade group, forecasts a 4.1 percent sales increase to $616.9 billion for November and December from last year. But online sales, which are included in the forecast, are expected to increase anywhere from 8 percent to 11 percent.
Overall, stores need to ply shoppers with deals and free shipping to win their money. Target Corp. announced this month that it's offering free shipping on all items for the holiday season until Dec. 20.
As for Wal-Mart's price-matching policy, Deisha Barnett, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, says many store managers have matched online prices for customers on a case-by-case basis.
"Taking care of the customers who shop our stores is what we always aim to do," she added.
Wal-Mart has been trying to reclaim its role as the low price leader. This year, it rolled out an online tool called Savings Catcher that compares prices on thousands of products with those of some of its store competitors. If the tool finds a lower price elsewhere, it refunds the difference to shoppers in the form of a store credit. That's different from traditional pricing matching because Savings Catcher does the work for the customer.
Wal-Mart told investors earlier this month that since the national launch in August, it's had more than 5 million people using the tool and almost 3 percent of all receipts are submitted through the application.
Wal-Mart has matched advertised prices from competitors' physical stores for several years. In 2011, it simplified the policy by making sure workers have the advertised prices of competitors on hand at the register, eliminating the need for shoppers to bring in an ad from a rival store.
______________________
Follow Anne D'Innocenzio at http://www.Twitter.com/adinnocenzio.
More:

Jon Stewart Skewers The Koch Brothersreddit
John Stewart is not a huge fan of Koch Industries' latest round of commercials. So after the company bought advertising time "The Daily Show," Stewart created a revised, in his opinion more accurate, version of the spot .
The original commercial -- which features smiling workers and a crawling baby --emphasizes the Kochs' origins in the "heartland," noting that the company "[builds] on each other's ideas to create more opportunities for people everywhere." Stewart detailed the brothers' history using their extreme wealth to back conservative causes through dark money organizations, before offering up his own adjustments: " We're Koch industries, the next generation of Robber Barons ," the new ad said. "Bending the democratic process to our will since 1980."
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Postpone spectrum auction: telcos to govtComments
Leading telecom operators including Bharti Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications have written to the government to postpone the spectrum auction that is likely to take place in February next year.
The operators have demanded that companies, whose licences are valid till 2015-16, should be allowed to continue with the spectrum they currently hold till then.
Spectrum refers to radiowaves that transmit data and voice.
Chief executives led by Gopal Vittal of Bharti Airtel, Himanshu Kapania of Idea Cellular, Gurdeep Singh of Reliance Communications and Martin Pieters of Vodafone India, have jointly written to IT minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, urging that auctions be held when there is adequate supply of spectrum in the 800 MHz, 900 MHz, 1,800 MHz and 2,100 MHz bands.
In the absence of adequate spectrum, supply would not be able to match demand, which would hit broadband services and affect industry growth, they said.
Operators have requested the government to auction spectrum in all bands simultaneously in a “Big Bang” auction.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India recently suggested that companies should pay the price agreed upon in February 2014 for using spectrum during the intervening period.
The CEOs have suggested that if required, the price may be adjusted with the rate agreed upon in the next round of auctions.
Alternately, the CEOs have also proposed that the government should work towards a plan to auction all 900 MHz spectrum allocated to the 1996-2000 licensees together, when BSNL-MTNL licences comes up for extension.

Maruti hikes dividend payout; Q2 net up 29%On its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the 'safest rides in the world' by 'setting the strictest safety standards possible'. Poll: Are our cities unsafe for women?
SIMPLY PUT
For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Gas Prices on Verge of Dipping Below $3gas prices on verge of dipping below $3
Judge rejects isolation for U.S. nurse who treated Ebola patientsFORT KENT (Maine), November 1, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 10:51 IST
Judge rejects isolation for U.S. nurse who treated Ebola patients
Reuters
AP Nurse Kaci Hickox speaks to reporters outside her home, Friday, Oct. 31, 2014, in Fort Kent, Maine.
TOPICS
nurse
"The court is fully aware that people are acting out of fear and that this fear is not entirely rational," the judge added, saying Ms. Hickox is "not infectious."
A Maine judge ruled on Friday that a U.S. nurse who treated victims of Ebola in West Africa does not need to be confined to her home, declaring Ebola fears in the United States "not entirely rational."
Nurse Kaci Hickox's challenge of Maine's 21-day isolation regime became a key battle in the dispute between some U.S. states and the federal government. A handful of states have imposed mandatory quarantines on health workers returning from three Ebola-ravaged West African countries while the federal government is wary of discouraging potential medical volunteers.
While she may travel freely in public, the judge decided that Ms. Hickox must continue direct monitoring of her health, coordinate travel plans with health officials and report any symptoms.
"I'm happy with the decision the judge made today," Ms. Hickox told reporters via a live video feed from her house in Maine to her lawyer's New York City office. "I think we are on the right track. I think now we're discussing as a nation and individual communities about this disease."
Public concern about the spread of the virus is high in both the United States and Canada. Canada became the second developed nation after Australia to bar entry for citizens from the three West African nations where Ebola is widespread.
Some U.S. politicians have called for a similar travel ban, making Ebola as much of a political issue as a public health question.
The most deadly outbreak of the disease on record has killed nearly 5,000 people, all but a handful of them in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone.
Only one person in the United States is currently being treated for Ebola, a New York doctor, Craig Spencer, who cared for patients in West Africa.
Maine Governor Paul LePage, a Republican in a tough re-election battle that culminates in Tuesday's elections, said he was disappointed that restrictions confining the nurse to her home were lifted. His office did not respond to questions about whether the governor would appeal the ruling.
The issue is not yet legally closed.
A hearing is scheduled for Tuesday that will give lawyers for the state another opportunity to plead their case for more restrictions on Ms. Hickox before Charles LaVerdiere, the chief judge of Maine District Court.
“The court is fully aware of the misconceptions, misinformation, bad science and bad information being spread from shore to shore in our country with respect to Ebola. ”
In Friday's order, LaVerdiere said, "the court is fully aware of the misconceptions, misinformation, bad science and bad information being spread from shore to shore in our country with respect to Ebola.
"The court is fully aware that people are acting out of fear and that this fear is not entirely rational. However, whether that fear is rational or not, it is present and it is real," the judge added, saying Ms. Hickox is "not infectious."
On Thursday, the 33-year-old nurse defied the state's quarantine order and went on a bike ride with her boyfriend . Following the ruling, state troopers who had been stationed outside Ms. Hickox's home departed.
Speaking to reporters alongside boyfriend Ted Wilbur outside her two-story clapboard house in the small town of Fort Kent along the Canadian border, Ms. Hickox said she would comply.
"It's just a good day," Ms. Hickox said. "I am taking things minute by minute. Tonight, I am going to try to convince Ted to make me my favorite Japanese meal. And I think we're going to watch scary movies since it's Halloween."
Ms. Hickox tested negative for Ebola after returning from working for Doctors Without Borders in Sierra Leone. She also objected when the state of New Jersey put her into isolation when she arrived at Newark airport.
She said he hoped to be able to return for more work in West Africa. "I love working overseas. It's been a large part of my life since 2006," Ms. Hickox said.
"I know that Ebola is a scary disease. I have seen it face-to-face and I know that we are nowhere near winning this battle," she added.
Medical professionals say Ebola is difficult to catch and is spread through direct contact with bodily fluids from an infected person and is not transmitted by asymptomatic people. Ebola is not airborne.
Public health experts, the United Nations, federal officials and even President Barack Obama have expressed concern that state quarantines for returning doctors and nurses could discourage potential medical volunteers from fighting the outbreak at its source in West Africa.
In New York on Friday, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power defended federal guidelines for monitoring healthcare workers returning from the three Ebola-stricken countries.

Boko Haram denies truce  kidnapped girls marriedMAIDUGURI, Nigeria, November 1, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 16:38 IST
Boko Haram denies truce, kidnapped girls married
AP
AP In this file photo, Martha Mark, the mother of kidnapped school girl Monica Mark cries as she displays her photo, in the family house, in Chibok, Nigeria.
TOPICS
terrorism (crime)
The leader of Nigeria’s Islamic extremist group Boko Haram has denied agreeing to any cease-fire with the government and said more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls all have converted to Islam and been married off.
In a new video released late Friday night, the leader Abubakar Shekau dashed hopes for a prisoner exchange to get the girls released.
“The issue of the girls is long forgotten because I have long ago married them off,” he said, laughing.
“In this war, there is no going back,” he said in the video received by The Associated Press in the same way as previous messages.
Nigeria’s chief of defense staff, Air Chief Marshal Alex Badeh, on Oct. 17 announced that Boko Haram had agreed to an immediate cease-fire to end a 5-year-old insurgency that has killed thousands of people and driven hundreds of thousands from their homes in northeast Nigeria.
But attacks and abductions have continued with the extremists this week seizing Mubi, a town of more than 200,000 people. Fighting also continued Friday in Vimtin, the nearby village where Badeh was born.
Boko Haram in August announced that wanted to establish an Islamic caliphate, along the lines of the IS group in Syria and Iraq. Fleeing residents have reported that hundreds of people are being detained for infractions of the extremists’ version of strict Shariah law in several towns and villages under their control.
Boko Haram’s kidnapping of 276 schoolgirls taking exams at a boarding school in the remote northeastern town of Chibok in April prompted an international campaign for their release and criticism of Nigeria’s government for not acting quickly to free them. Dozens of the girls escaped on their own in the first couple of days, but 219 remain missing.
Unconfirmed reports have indicated that the girls have been broken up into several groups and that some may have been carried across borders into Cameroon and Chad.
The government had said it had negotiated with two Boko Haram leaders in Chad, with talks hosted by President Idriss Deby, and that it was confident the girls would be freed soon. But Boko Haram has many factions.
The leader’s announcement further discredits the government of President Goodluck Jonathan, who on Thursday formally announced his candidacy for elections on Feb. 14, 2015 in Africa’s most populous nation. Nigeria, with some 160 million people, is divided almost equally between Muslims who dominate the north and Christians in the south. The West African nation is the biggest oil producer on the continent and has its biggest economy.
Mr. Jonathan’s failure to curtail the insurgency and many corruption scandals are not expected to dim his chances of success. The election, though, is expected to be the most hotly contested since his People’s Democratic Party took power after decades of military dictatorship ended in 1994.
Dozens of ruling party legislators have defected to the coalition All Progressives Congress, losing the PDP its majority in the lower house of Parliament. But the coalition is weakened by its inability to choose a presidential candidate, and primaries in December will be contested by three powerful northerners who all are Muslim.
Mr. Jonathan, a Christian from a minority southern tribe, has been criticized for ignoring an unwritten party rule to alternate power between Christian and Muslim leaders, adding a religious and ethnic dimension to the election.

Tech Execs Running the Commercial Space RaceThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Thinking About Opening a Restaurant Read These 5 Tips Firstreddit
The dream of opening your own restaurant can be quite alluring. You may have considered making this dream a reality for yourself and you may even be working toward that goal now. I cannot blame you, as I took this path when I opened Valentino in Santa Monica 42 years ago, making the restaurant industry my life's work.
It's hard to argue about the glamour. It offers incredible joys, it's social and if you work hard and play your cards right, it can really pay off. This is one of the few industries where you can be invited into people's most cherished and celebrated life moments, so many of which occur alongside memorable meals and fine wine.
Allow me to offer a few words of advice and insight before entering the world of restaurant ownership.
1. Be serious about building your resume
It's important to build your resume as much as possible before opening your own restaurant. This means working everywhere you possibly can and in every role you can. Before I opened Valentino, I washed dishes, stocked the pantry, bussed tables and was a server. Gaining as much experience as possible will only aid you when it comes time to owning your own place, as you will need to be familiar with both front of house and back of house operations.
2. Define your concept
It's hard to be completely original today -- let's face it, so many things have been done. What generally must happen is for you to take a very unique approach to something tried and true. For example, do something popular such as hamburgers or perhaps pizza -- but in a very unique way. Ask yourself what cuisine you're passionate about and then how you can do it differently from the rest? You can be smart here and make sure you follow trends, be sensitive to prices and diet requirements. All of these things will help you to stay ahead of the curve.
3. Be realistic about budgeting
Running a restaurant requires a large amount of capital, and it's important to be realistic about this. While it will vary based on where you are located and the type of establishment you're planning to own, make sure you have more than what you think you may need. Why is this? So many of your costs will hit you before you even open your doors: permits required by the city (operating licenses, liquor licenses, etc.), you'll need to stock up your inventory (and if you're planning on having a wine list, this could get expensive) hiring your staff, and most of all, your lease. Your lease will likely be your number one expense, and unfortunately, you need to make the assumption that your lease will rise year after year. We like to say in the restaurant business that if your rent exceeds 10 percent of your sales, then you will not last. You should plan on your rent taking up no more than 7 to 8 percent.
As for where your capital is derived from, unless you have a wealthy and generous uncle, it's likely to come from a group of investors. Now, it's hard to guarantee a return on investment in an industry where the margins are very slim and the failure rate is high. This is where your experience and expertise will come in, as well as a unique concept that will hopefully differentiate you from the rest. While restaurants tend to be a higher risk investment, remember there is an ego play here -- investors tend to want to be involved in something they are passionate about, to be able to come enjoy a restaurant at their special table whenever they'd like and so on. Try to find individuals that will support your restaurant because they, too, have a dream to own their own restaurant one day -- and that they're willing to go against the odds of the 5% success rate.
4. Plan for endurance
Prepare for there to be some tough days, should you pursue this dream. There will be days when there are very few customers and you wonder how you'll keep the lights on. Remember, tomorrow is a new day. And you will make mistakes, no doubt about it -- but try to only make them once. This business is all about reputation and word of mouth and a customer's meal may be their only meal in your establishment -- so make it count. Try to also budget financially for possible rough patches.
5. Have confidence in your story and build a credible image
I often say the restaurant world is similar to theatre. The art of the dishes you serve and their ingredients are just as important as the presentation, service and ambiance. Have confidence but don't be pretentious. Always keep in mind that you and your team are on a stage and, aside from top food critics who may dine incognito, there are websites such as Yelp, Facebook, Google, Trip Advisor and others that allow all diners to review their experiences. Those reviews may not always be fair but they are now part of the restaurant world. The diners who adore you will be generous in their word choice as well. Just keep in mind that everyone is a critic these days and figure out the best way to handle that. Over time, you will build a rapport with key journalists who cover your business regularly. Positive reviews and awards from important magazines are tremendously important to your brand. Be humble when honors are bestowed upon you and your team. The restaurant world is very competitive. You may be up one year and down another. Always work to achieve positive recognition from your diners and your press even if you are on top. You're never done.
--
The bottom line: The restaurant business is full of risks and challenges. But the payoff can be incredible. While I have been candid here with my thoughts, including some cautionary points, I urge you to believe in yourself. Being in the restaurant business will require long hours, dedication and perhaps even luck -- but you'll find yourself meeting extraordinary people, creating magical moments night after night and enjoying one of the most simple and delightful pleasures that life has to offer -- wonderful, memorable meals. For me, it is a way of life and a tremendous joy in pursuit of the American dream. I hope it will be for you, too.
Follow Piero Selvaggio on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Valentino_LA
More:

New ATM charges come into force in sixmetrosPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 2:00 am
Using ATMs to withdraw money or for other purposes like balance enquiry beyond five times in a month will attract a charge of Rs 20 per transaction.
As per the Reserve Bank’s new guidelines that came into force on Monday, bank customers in six metros —Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Bangalore — are allowed to withdraw money and/or carry out non-financial transactions like mini-statements at ATMs of banks, where they hold saving/current accounts, free of charge only five times a month.
Every transaction beyond this threshold will be charged Rs 20 per use. The number of free transactions at ATMs of non-home banks has also been cut to three times a month from five times, according to the RBI’s guidelines.

Online retail in India more than 18-monthpartyPrint
New Delhi/mumbai | Posted: November 2, 2014 1:55 am
For the fiscal ended 2014, India’s first organised retailer, Future Retail, had a market cap of Rs 2,100 crore, while e-tailer Flipkart was valued at around R12,000 crore. After a series of funding, the most recent one being a whopping $1 billion, Flipkart is today valued at around R43,000 crore ($7 billion), while Future Retail stands at R2,886 crore. If this does not tell the story of the success of online retail in India, what does?
More recently, when Japan’s SoftBank invested $627 million in Snapdeal, it was with the hope that India has the potential of producing another Alibaba.
Understandably, brick and mortar stores are feeling left out, and many are being vocal about it. In fact, the loudest among the brigade is none other than Kishore Biyani, the man behind Future Group. He raised a furore over the Big Billion Day sale, accusing Flipkart of predatory pricing.
However, the truth is that online retail is here to stay, and grow rapidly to being a $32 billion industry by 2020, up from $2.3 billion in 2014, as per Technopak.
And with a huge population having access to the Internet, India’s e-commerce story can only get bigger. Fuelled by deeper discounts than offline stores, who can blame the customer if they choose to buy at the click of a mouse instead of going to a mall.
A random survey by FE of product prices across categories, during a time when no sales are on, reveals that online sites still offer discounts of up to 50%.
A Canon EOS 60D DSLR camera with a 18-135mm lens is available at Snapdeal for R59,124, while it costs R62,000 at a Canon Image Square showroom.
While a Nikon D3200 DSLR camera with a 18-55mm lens is for R24,850 on Flipkart, it sells for around R26,600 at offline stores. A Canon Power Shoot IXUS 145 can be acquired for R4,675 on Flipkart, while it costs R5,815 at a Canon Image Square showroom. Where a Sony Cyber-shoot DSC-W830 on Flipkart is for R7,590, it costs R8,500 at a Sony Exclusive showroom.
Top brands in apparel, sunglasses, shoes and accessories are almost always available at a discount of at least 30% online, while discounts for these products offline exist only during sales.
An external hard drive, such as the Dell Backup Plus 1 TB external hard disk on Flipkart costs R4,943, while at a electronics shop the price is R8,000. Similarly a Seagate Expansion 2 TB external hard disk costs R6,950 on Flipkart, but is priced around R10,000 offline.
“Prices for products on Amazon are determined by the sellers. We work hard and continually innovate to offer services such as FBA (Fulfilment by Amazon) and Easyship to sellers on our platform, which enables them to significantly lower their cost of selling and reducing defects as they sell to a nationwide customer base. Sellers pass on these savings as lower prices on the platform. On occasions, to promote our platform, we run marketing promotions,” says an Amazon India spokesperson.
As per Rajat Satija a computer accessories distributor in NCR, continued…

8 convicted for alleged same-sex wedding inEgyptAn Egyptian court convicted eight men for "inciting debauchery" after appearing in an alleged same-sex wedding.
By: Associated Press | Cairo | Posted: November 2, 2014 1:55 am
An Egyptian court on Saturday convicted eight men for “inciting debauchery” following their appearance in an alleged same-sex wedding party on a Nile boat, sentencing each of them to three years in prison.
The Internet video shows two men exchanging rings and embracing among cheering friends. The eight were detained in September when a statement from the office of Egypt’s chief prosecutor said the video clip was “shameful to God” and “offensive to public morals.”
Egypt is a conservative majority Muslim country with a sizable minority of Christians. Homosexuality is a social taboo for both communities and only in recent years have fiction and movies included gay characters. Consensual same-sex relations are not explicitly prohibited, but other laws have been used to imprison gay men in recent years, including “debauchery” or “shameless public acts.” Same-sex marriage is unheard of in Egypt.
The verdict was received with protesting screams by relatives waiting outside the Cairo courthouse court. Some of them broke down and cried while others protested that medical examinations carried out by state doctors showed the defendants were not gay.
While inside the defendants’ cage for the hearing, the eight buried their heads in their hands or hid their faces under baseball caps. They covered their faces with pieces of cloth or paper when they were led by police out of the cage after they heard the verdict.
The verdict is the latest in a crackdown by authorities against gays and atheists. The campaign also targets liberal and pro-democracy activists and violators of a draconian law on street protests.
New York-based Human Rights Watch said in September that Egyptian authorities have repeatedly arrested and tortured men suspected of consensual gay conduct.
HRW condemned Saturday’s convictions as part of a widening campaign of intolerance in Egyptian government and society.
“Egypt’s government, evidently not satisfied jailing opposition members, students, and human rights activists, has found the time to prosecute (gays),” said Graeme Reid, HRW’s lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender rights director, in a statement. Reid called the sentencing “the latest signal that the new government will prosecute anyone to try to bolster its support.”
In April, four men were convicted and sentenced to eight years in prison for “debauchery” after allegedly holding parties that involved homosexual acts and where women’s clothing and makeup were found.
In 2001, Egypt made headlines around the world when 52 men were arrested in a police raid on a Nile boat restaurant and accused of taking part in a gay sex party. After a highly publicized trial in an emergency state security court, 23 of the men were convicted and sentenced to prison terms of one to five years for immoral behavior and contempt of religion.
Egypt’s crackdown on gays and atheists is taking place as the country of nearly 90 million people appears to be continued…

Bangladesh: Power Grid says no problem on it...Bangladesh
("There is a problem with…)
NEW DELHI: As Bangladesh faced a nation-wide blackout today, India's Power Grid Corp , which transmits power to that country, said the problem lies there.
A senior official of state-owned Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd (PGCIL), which manages electricity transmission lines in the country, said there is absolutely no problem on the Indian side.
"There is a problem with the Bangladesh sub-station resulting in non-drawal of power from Indian side," Power Grid's Executive Director (Operations) R P Sasmal told PTI.
The comments come in the backdrop of reports that the blackout in Bangladesh was caused by problems in transmission lines from India.
India supplies about 500 MW electricity to Bangladesh through two 400 kv transmission lines. The supply started late last year. Electricity is supplied to Bangladesh from NTPC plants.
"We have seen output from our sub-stations but there is no problem on our side on the sub-station and (transmission) line.
"The trip command was received for one of the two 400 kv lines from Bangladesh resulting in outage of one line. The other line is ideally charged," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Richard Branson says space dream lives on  vows safety paramountRichard Branson says space dream lives on, vows safety paramount
By AFP | 2 Nov, 2014, 12.19AM IST
0
Share More
"We're going to learn from what went wrong, discover how we can improve safety and performance and then move forward together," said Richard Branson
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MOJAVE( UNITED STATES ): British tycoon Richard Branson insisted Saturday his dream of commercial space travel remained alive but warned his company would not "press on blindly" without knowing what caused the spacecraft crash that killed one pilot and seriously injured another.
Speaking to reporters after arriving in the California facility which had been the hub of Virgin Galactic's ambitious space program, Branson said safety remained his paramount concern.
"We owe it to our test pilots to find out exactly what went wrong, and once we've found out what went wrong, if we can overcome it, we'll make absolutely certain that the dream lives on," Branson told reporters.
"We do understand the risks involved, and we're not going to push on blindly. To do so would be an insult to all those affected by this tragedy.
"We're going to learn from what went wrong, discover how we can improve safety and performance and then move forward together," he said, adding they were working with authorities in the investigation.
"We've been undertaking a comprehensive testing program for many years and safety has always been our number one priority," Branson said, before heading off to rally grieving Virgin Galactic staff.
Branson's comments at the Mojave Air and Space Port came as a team of federal investigators began probing the causes of Friday's accident, which dealt a devastating setback to the cause of commercial space tourism.
National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) acting chairman Christopher Hart told reporters investigators were entering unknown territory but hoped to find clues to the accident in data gathered by Virgin Galactic.
"This will be the first time we have been in the lead of a space launch that involved persons on board," Hart said.
It was not immediately known if a black box flight data recorder was installed on the doomed suborbital craft, Hart said.
"This was a test flight and test flights are typically very well documented in terms of data," Hart said. "And we may get some video feed. We may have lots of evidence that will help us with the investigative process."

Ministries told to expedite budgetary process:AgriMinPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 2:03 am
In a bid to tackle delay in implementation of crucial projects, all ministries have been asked to initiate the budgetary process much in advance so that funds can be released soon after the Budget is passed.
“After the Budget is passed, normally it takes 5-6 months to get the allocated funds released. In a recent cabinet meeting, all ministries have been told to start the necessary work in advance for the next Budget,” Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan said at the 41st foundation day of the Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board (ASRB).
This was conveyed to all ministers informally after a recent cabinet meeting, he said. “We have been told in our Department to start the process now so that funds for crucial schemes are released within 15 days after the Budget is passed in February,” he said on the sidelines of the event when asked to elaborate on the issue.
The timely release of allocated funds is crucial for the successful implementation of various schemes, he added.
The Finance Ministry has already initiated the Budgetary exercise for the 2015-16 fiscal by seeking inputs from various Ministries and Departments.
The ministries have been asked to submit revised estimates of expenditure for 2014-15 and demand for grants for the next financial year beginning April 1, 2015.
# The Finance Ministry has already initiated the Budgetary exercise for the 2015-16 fiscal by seeking inputs from various Ministries and Departments
# The ministries have been asked to submit revised estimates of expenditure for 2014-15 and demand for grants for the next financial year beginning April 1, 2015

Ram Vilas Paswan sets deadline to meet FSA s...You are here: Home > Collections > Uts
Ram Vilas Paswan sets deadline to meet Food Security Act standards
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 08.02PM IST
Tags:
Bihar
(Paswan asked 11 states &…)
PATNA: Union Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan today asked 11 states and Union Territories that have implemented Food Security Act to meet all standards by December-end, failing which the Centre would "rethink" over its continuation there.
The Centre has "written a letter to the chief ministers of all 11 states and UTs, where Food Security Act has been made functional, to meet all standards of the (Food Security) Legislation by December-end," Paswan told reporters here.
"We cannot allow providing huge subsidy worth Rs 1.31 lakh crore annually without all mandatory conditions being met," he said, adding the ministry would "rethink" over continuation of the Act in states that do not meet all standards.
Hailing Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh for meeting all conditions for implementation of the Act, Paswan assailed home state Bihar for not creating infrastructure for effective implementation of the legislation.
The minister said every state and UTs implementing the Act would have to put list of beneficiaries online.
Besides, they would have to make proper arrangements for doorstep delivery of subsidised foodgrains and also check black marketing, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New ATM charges come into forceYou are here: Home > Collections
New ATM charges come into force
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 10.56PM IST
Tags:
ATM
(Using ATMs to withdraw money…)
NEW DELHI: Staring today, using ATMs to withdraw money or for other purposes like balance enquiry beyond five times in a month will attract a charge of Rs 20 per transaction.
As per the Reserve Bank's new guidelines that came into force today, bank customers in six metros-- Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Bangalore-- are allowed to withdraw money and/or carry out non-financial transactions like mini-statements at ATMs of banks, where they hold saving/current accounts, free of charge only five times a month.
Every transaction beyond this threshold will be charged Rs 20 per use.
The number of free transactions at ATMs (Automated Teller Machines) of non-home banks has also been cut to three times a month from five times, according to the RBI's latest guidelines.
"Taking into account the high density of ATMs, bank branches and alternate modes of payment available to customers, the number of mandatory free ATM transactions for savings bank account customers at other banks' ATMs is reduced from the present 5 to 3 transactions per month (inclusive of both financial and non-financial transactions)," RBI had said in a notification issued in August this year.
Meanwhile in Chennai, PMK, a partner of NDA, demanded withdrawal of the new charge.
"To provide ATM services to bank account holders, banks charge Rs 100 to Rs 200 per year. Through that charge itself, banks can manage the expenses of ATMs," PMK chief S Ramadoss said in a statement here.
"Reserve Bank should withdraw the new regulations on ATM transactions as announced and provide all services for its customers without any additional charge," he said.
The RBI also clarified that nothing precludes a bank from offering more than three free transactions at other bank ATMs to its account holders if it so desires.
The cap in the number of free ATM transactions will not apply on small/no-frills or basic savings bank deposit account holders who will continue to enjoy five free transactions.
At places other than the six metro centres, the facility of five free transactions for savings bank account customers will remain unchanged upon using other bank ATMs.
India has a total of 1.6 lakh bank ATMs across the country as of March 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Adani hikes CNG  PNG price in Ahmedabad  Vad...Adani hikes CNG, PNG price in Ahmedabad, Vadodara
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 09.37PM IST
Tags:
Adani
(The state government enterprise…)
AHMEDABAD: Corporate giant Adani here today announced that it has hiked Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) prices by Rs 4.28 to Rs 48.09 per kg and Piped Natural Gas (PNG) by Rs 2.60 per Standard Cubic Meter in Ahmedabad and Vadodara, effective midnight tonight.
The steep hike in price was done under new domestic gas pricing guidelines-2014, a statement from Adani gas said.
"In accordance with the New Domestic Gas Pricing Guidelines-2014 issued by the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas , the price of Administered Price Mechanism (APM) Gas stands revised from dollar 4.20 per Million Metric British Thermal Unit (MMBTU)- Net Calorific Value basis to dollar 5.05 per MMBTU- Gross Calorific Value basis," a company statement said.
Due to which, the company gas has hiked Rs 4.28 in the price of per Kg CNG and Rs 2.60 per SCM (Standard Cubic Meter) in PNG in Ahmedabad and Vadodara, it added.
CNG price in Ahmedabad and Vadodara is revised to Rs 48.09 per Kg from Rs 43.81 per kg and PNG (domestic) price is revised to Rs 24.56 per SCM from Rs 21.96 per SCM, excluding VAT, it said.
Last night, the state government enterprise Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) increased CNG price from Rs 44.90 per kg to Rs 48.50 per kg.
GSPC had also hiked the PNG (domestic) price from Rs 23.50 to Rs 24.83.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Branson Vows to Find out Cause of Spacecraft CrashThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

China okays right to sue govt over land acqu...China grants citizens right to sue government over land acquisition
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 11.30PM IST
Tags:
China
(The amendment comes in backdrop…)
BEIJING: Relenting for the first time to growing resentment over land acquisition , China today granted citizens the power to sue the government if it fails to pay proper compensation.
China's top legislature, the National people's Congress' adopted an amendment to the Administrative Procedure Law aiming to expand the people's right to sue the government.
According to the amendment, courts will launch probe if the government is sued for violating agreements on land and housing compensation and commercial operations franchised by the government.
The amendment comes in the backdrop of growing public resentment over arbitrary seizure of land by the government for projects without paying proper compensation.
The amendment says the courts should order authorities to follow contracts or give compensation for the breach if they are confirmed to have violated the contract.
Even if authorities have legitimate reasons to terminate contracts, they should offer compensation, the new law said.
The revision compels defendants - representatives of the administrations concerned - to personally appear before the court.
Those who refuse to appear without legitimate reasons or leave the court during the trial without approval may face additional punishment.
Currently most defendants ask their lawyers or other staff to represent them in the court.
"Having them appear in court will also effectively promote the officials' awareness of the rule of law," Professor Jiang Ming'an of the Peking University was quoted as saying by the state-run Xinhua news agency.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mexico: DNA tests confirm 3 dead were UScitizensThe exterior of Mexico's Medical Forensic Service (SEMEFO) where the bodies of three US citizens are being held in Matamoros.
By: Associated Press | Mexico City | Posted: November 2, 2014 3:46 am
Mexican authorities have officially confirmed through DNA testing that three US citizens were among the four bodies found shot to death near the border more than two weeks after they went missing.
The statement issued late Friday by the Tamaulipas state prosecutor’s office did not mention the fourth body, which is thought to be the Mexican boyfriend of one of the dead Americans.
The Mexican father of the three Americans had previously identified his children from photos of the bodies found near the border city of Matamoros.
Tamaulipas officials say they are investigating a possible police connection to the deaths. The family of the Americans has said witnesses reported they were taken away by armed men who identified themselves as part of the “Hercules” tactical security unit in Matamoros.

Demonstrators want impeachment of Brazil president DilmaRousseffPolice in Brazil's biggest city say over 2,000 people staged a demonstration demanding President's impeachment.
By: Associated Press | Sai Paulo | Posted: November 2, 2014 3:30 am
Police in Brazil’s biggest city say more than 2,000 people staged a peaceful demonstration demanding the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff.
Participants in Saturday’s rally in Sao Paulo claim Rousseff knew of a scheme that siphoned money from the state-owned oil company Petrobras and funneled it to the governing Workers’ Party.
A convicted money launderer has told investigators that the Workers’ Party benefited from the scheme and that Rousseff had direct knowledge of it, though he has so far offered no proof. The president has strongly denied the accusations.
Rousseff was re-elected last Sunday with 51.6 percent of the votes against 48.4 percent for center-right challenger Aecio Neves.

ET Recommendations: Game  app and bookET Recommendations: Game, app and book
By ET Bureau | 2 Nov, 2014, 03.43AM IST
0
Share More
Funkoi, the developer of TunnelX, seems to have it down pat — the game looks just as good on rectangular screen devices like the Z30 and the square screen of the Passport
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TunnelX Game for BlackBerry Get it for: Free
You won't find too many games that scale seamlessly across different screen sizes and aspect ratios. Funkoi, the developer of TunnelX, seems to have it down pat — the game looks just as good on rectangular screen devices like the Z30 and the square screen of the Passport. It's an endless tunnel game and the objective is to avoid the laser obstacles by swiping away from them. What makes the game stand out are the 3D graphics that don't skip a beat and the catchy electronic music that keeps tune with the movements. The obstacles keep changing shape and become moving obstacles as you pass each mini stage. The game is ad supported and you'll only see a banner ad once the game is over.
— Hitesh Raj Bhagat
Clean Inbox App for Android Get it for: Free
A replacement to the default SMS app by Optinno, Clean Inbox provides all the functionality of the SMS blocker. During installation, you select your country code and then select the senders you want to block from your SMS list. The interface is clean and you can choose to view all the messages or only the unread ones. There is also the option to set a block list and allow list if you prefer more control. Also, spam messages are moved to the blocked folder automatically. The free version gives you a seven-day trial of premium services such as backup and restore, auto response, auto delete etc. After that you can either purchase premium services for `299 or continue the free version with ad support (a full screen ad when you exit the app). — Karan Bajaj
Tennessee Williams: Mad Pilgrimage of the Flesh Author: John Lahr
Stella, Stella, Stellllllaaaaaa. A young, sinewy and stunning Marlon Brando shouts, his vocal cords bursting with impatience, to his wife, playing an attention-seeking Stanley in A Streetcar Named Desire, a film based on the same-named play by Tennessee Williams.
The belligerent Stanley, as essayed by a coarsely brutish Brando, just 24, was a character that made Broadway and Hollywood history for his author, the tenderly poetic and gloomy playwright Tennessee Williams. In John Lahr's Tennessee Williams: Mad Pilgrimage of the Flesh, a fat, detail-loaded biography that traces the full arc of Williams's glittering, celebrity-loved rise and alienating, shunnedby-most fall, the playwright's theatrical obsessions, boozy depressions and druginduced paranoias find full play.
Tenn, as he was lovingly called, mined his troubled and vast interior to put on paper words considered to be most lyrical in American theatre. An uneven childhood, an odd job in a shoe factory, long daily struggles at his typewriter, prodigious drinking and a deep Hart Crane obsession went into shaping the man who became Tennessee Williams. His sharp ear for American dialogue, truculent or timorous, continues to be the best in American letters. And his plays are still performed and adored all over the world.
Williams's Dixie roots made his writing florid and lyrical, a habit that did not win him audiences when absurdism and minimalism of writers like Samuel Beckett and Edward Albee came to be liked by an America that was slowing down after the rah-rah post-war years. Prosperity brought befuddlement and a rapid change in tastes.
Lahr, who writes for The New Yorker , brings to his subject the skill and precision needed to chronicle the glorious and sad life of a genius. Filled with casual anecdotes and immense detail, where American icons such as Brando, Gore Vidal and Elia Kazan keep making quick appearances, the biography also documents the vicissitudes and verities of American culture. "I have gone from good reviews to bad reviews to no reviews,'' says Williams acerbically as his career hits the skids in a changing America.
Williams's life consisted of many acts and Lahr's deeply researched and acutely written book gets the playwright back on the centre stage.
— Rakesh Bedi

Why Andrew Wylie is making headlinesWhy Andrew Wylie is making headlines
2 Nov, 2014, 03.45AM IST
Wylie is a literary agent who represents heavyweights like Philip Roth, Salman Rushdie and Orhan Pamuk
ET SPECIAL:
Eh? Who is that now?
I saw that question coming.
No need to get cocky, brother.
Sorry, he is a literary agent who represents heavyweights like Philip Roth , Salman Rushdie and Orhan Pamuk .
I'm stifling a yawn. Why on earth are we talking of a lit agent when there is so much else?
Because he recently called Amazon.com a "sort of ISIS-like distribution channel".
Whoa! I can't think of many worse things to say about a company than compare it to a militant group. Why was Wylie so cross?
Because the online retailer takes 30% of e-book profits and authors' royalties are not high enough.
So, what is he suggesting?
That publishers come together to take on Amazon, to whom, ironically, he gave the exclusive digital rights to some classics in 2010, angering publishers.
Interesting. What happened then?
He realized he needed the publishers more than he needed Amazon and pulled some books out of the deal with the online book retailer.
Smart move, but then he'd better know jeff bezos has won many a fight.
Sure, but Andrew 'the Jackal' Wylie is no slouch. He is known for his ruthless poaching of authors from competitors and tough-asnails bargaining with publishers.
Does he have other nice things to say about Amazon?
Betcha! He calls it a "digital trucking company" and that given a choice between the plague and Amazon, you should pick the former.
Ouch!

Give innovative ideas for next Budget  Narendra Modi tellsSecretariesPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 4:08 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 3:08 pm
Meeting all Government of India secretaries for the second time in four months, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday reiterated his message of streamlining governance and making it more open. He asked his officers to work without fear of political interference and come up with innovative ideas for the Union Budget which is due in about four months.
He also asked the secretaries to go back for a few days to the place of their first posting to get insights into policy making.
“We are one team. Let us bring openness in governance, come closer and work together. Good things are starting to happen,” Modi said. The mood, he said, had turned positive and a certain momentum has been generated in the past five months that should not be allowed to be squandered away.
He asked all departments to bring forward Budget-related processes by three months, so that when a new financial year begins on April 1, work could directly  begin as per the provisions of the new Budget. Usually, it takes a couple of months to kick in. He also called for shifting government emphasis from output to outcome.
More than 80 secretary-level officers were present at the meeting along with Union ministers Rajnath Singh, Arun Jaitley and Venkaiah Naidu. The National Security Advisor, Cabinet Secretary and senior PMO officials also attended the meeting.
The Swacch Bharat Mission, as expected, was an important part of the agenda and Modi cited feedback on social media to say that attitudes were changing and the mission is becoming more people-driven. It is a question of changing attitudes more than anything else, he said. He asked the secretaries to study inputs on the MyGov platform.
“The highlight of the meeting was innovation and engaging with people and getting ideas and feedback from them. It could be through social media or the MyGov platform but he made it very clear that he wanted a government that is receptive to ideas from people. He wanted the really bright minds to be identified and teams built,” said an officer who attended the meeting.

Deal all but done: A third of berths for Sena  top 4 forBJPChief Minister Devendra Fadnavis at Bal Thackeray’s memorial in Mumbai on Saturday. (Vasant Prabhu)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: November 2, 2014 4:05 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 2:25 pm
The Shiv Sena was likely to join Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis’s government in Maharashtra and get a third of ministerial berths, though not the post of deputy chief minister, it appeared on Saturday.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley joined BJP president Amit Shah in the negotiations with the Sena. Anil Desai, Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray’s emissary, called on Jaitley.
Jaitley said for BJP and Sena to become allies in the Maharashtra government could be a matter of course. (Source: PTI photo)
The government will be required to prove its majority during a three-day Assembly session later this month. The BJP is learnt to be inclined towards capping the ministry at 30 or 32 for now, 10 of which it is willing to leave to the Sena. The one-third formula is based on the seats the two parties have in the 288-member House: the BJP has 122, Sena 63, a ratio of 2:1.
While the BJP seemed agreeable to sharing some key infrastructure and social sector portfolios with the Sena, it has decided to keep the four most coveted ministries of Home, Revenue, Finance, Urban Development with itself.
The Sena will, however, join the government only after the trust vote. “There is no question of a cabinet expansion before the vote of trust in the assembly. Any exercise to induct the Shiv Sena will take place after the CM wins the vote of confidence,” a senior BJP leader said.
A day after the Sena president attended Fadnavis’s swearing-in ceremony, the chief minister paid floral tributes at the memorial to Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park. He was accompanied by his cabinet colleague Vinod Tawde.
Fadnavis’s initiative was intended to send out the signal of the BJP’s continuing reverence for the Sena’s founder. A top Sena leader told The Sunday Express that Uddhav had attended the swearing-in ceremony only after he had been assured that the BJP would prefer the Sena over the NCP as a partner in government.
The CM said on Saturday, “Talks between the BJP and Sena are moving in the right direction. They are positive.”

Israel PM Netanyahu calls for Jerusalem holy sitecalmIsrael's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is calling on Israeli leaders to "show responsibility and restraint".
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: November 2, 2014 4:02 am
Israel’s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is calling on Israeli leaders to “show responsibility and restraint” to try and calm tensions around a Jerusalem holy site.
On Saturday, Netanyahu called on Israeli lawmakers to calm the situation and refrain from enflaming the crisis further.
Much of the recent unrest in Jerusalem has centered on the site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount and Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary. The violence reached a new high this week when a gunman on a motorcycle shot and seriously wounded a US-born activist who was a leading voice in expanding Jewish prayer on the hilltop complex.
Muslim worshippers view Jewish prayer there as a provocation, and Israeli authorities place tough restrictions on it. Israeli and Palestinian leaders have blamed each other for the tensions.

How to keep professional standards while usi...READ MORE ON » Sunday ET
E-mails are a quick, easy and powerful medium of communication ‘hair-raising’ assets: and there are certain professional standards expected
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
E-mails are a quick, easy and powerful medium of communication 'hair-raising' assets: and there are certain professional standards expected. Here are a few things to keep in mind on e-mail conduct:
DON'T USE SHOUTY CAPITALS Using all capital letters amounts to screaming and using all lower case letters suggests you're lazy. If you do need to highlight, bold the text or italicize
SPELL NAMES CORRECTLY It speaks volumes about your attitude. "If he/she cannot get my name right, can I trust him/her with responsibilities?" is what someone might think about you
KEEP EMOTICONS AT BAY It's fine to use a smiley when writing to people you know, but with someone you are interacting with for the first time? Don't, it is highly unprofessional
TALKING IS STILL IMPORTANT There is no need to e-mail every little thing to someone sitting right next to you. Also, do not use e-mails to escape difficult situations. Speak to the person directly
GET GRAMMAR RIGHT Spellings and grammar are essential. If you're not sure how your e-mail reads, have a friend or colleague read it
REPLY ON TIME If you are very busy, so is the other person. He/she is not shooting e-mails to random people, there is a purpose behind it
DON'T OVERUSE 'URGENT' Do not use 'Urgent' or 'Important' for all of your e-mails. Instead, flag your e-mails as 'High Importance'. But again, use it sparingly
SEND BUSINESS MAILS WITH CARE Think of your business e-mail as though it was on your company's business letterhead and you'll never go wrong
SOURCE : MENSXP. COM, VARIOUS WEBSITES

Hole-in-the-wall restaurants in Japan steal ...Save precious time tracking your investments
By Anoothi Vishal
The only time I have sashimi during my whirlwind tour of Japan is when I visit Odaiba — the glitzy island in Tokyo with the Rainbow Bridge, which reminds you a bit of San Francisco . With no time to make reservations at restaurants-with reputations or to tackle any gourmet wishlists, I decide to follow the crowd — to go with the flow — quite literally, to the most buzzing casual diner that I can spot.
At the small eatery that I zero in on, scores of locals are having no-fuss dinners; the menu is all in Japanese and no one pays me any attention at all as I sit down and wonder where to begin. This seems like no tourist trap, I wonder. The downside, of course, is that I am left grappling with language.
Luckily though, some help is at hand. An Indian tennis player-turned-coach — who later confides that he has played against Leander Paes — is on the table next to me. He spots me and valiantly chips in with suggestions and translations. The simple tuna tataki that I land up trying, with its ginger-soy-lime vinaigrette, is stunning indeed and sans the pricey tags that a dish of this calibre would invariably come with in New Delhi.
The thing about Japan is that it is not expensive at all. At one point, that is all travellers from India may have worried about. But today that's not true. Most of the things — especially food — that I land up consuming is priced prettily; on a par and sometimes at a much better qualityprice ratio than in India.
The other thing, of course, is that — as with most other food capitals of the world — gourmet-quality bites are so accessible. You don't necessarily have to step into some ritzy restaurant. You don't have to go through Trip Advisor or Lonely Planet picks and you certainly don't have to plan to splurge at some fancy eatery.
In any town or any bar that you care to venture into, the charm remains the unexpected. I encounter precisely that as I spend two days in a city that is not on any of the usual itineraries, but deserves to be: Hiroshima.
Hiroshima Pancakes
Instead of a sombre town that you may imagine it to be, Hiroshima is an energetic, pretty city that has long shaken off its war-time ghosts. The Atomic Bomb Dome stands a grim reminder to the greatest tragedy imaginable; just a short walk away from the railway terminal where the Shinkansen comes bursting, on the dot, symbolic of that speedy resilience and sheer grit that characterise modern Japan. And there is also a museum that details the horrors of the past: melted tricycles, school children annihilated, the entire town razed... nothing is forgotten. But equally, nothing is allowed to remain chained to the past.
Ota, the river that flows through the city, had turned bloody on that day in August, 1945, with the wounded and the dead. Today, cruise liners sail down its length, allowing tourists to get a glimpse of the completely rebuilt "city of water". There are six rivers flowing through this beautiful city, and open air cafes have sprouted by their sides, where revellers and tourists can just sit back and relax. A Mazda museum, where you can see the latest automobile technology, and a Zoom-Zoom stadium by the same car company with different styles of seating (including "party floor-style seats"), show off the industrial muscle of this town.
But if you want evidence of life reclaimed, you really must step into the incredible shopping and food area. Hondori — the covered walking street — is so full of people on the weekend that it is difficult to navigate. Everything is buzzing and cheerful. But as of now, all our attention is taken up by the scores of informal bars, or Izakaya, that dot the area. On offer is not just Japanese whisky, sake and shochu but also excellent French wine ( Japan is actually quite a good place for the best wines; it is not for nothing, arguably, that so many French winemakers are owned by Japanese MNCs). But drinking aside, the food to try here is okonomiyaki.
The only time I have sampled this earlier is at Sakura, that excellent traditional restaurant at the Metropolitan Hotel in New Delhi. It is perhaps the only place in India where you can get what is often popularly described as "Japanese pizza"— but pancakes really. However, as I find out, there is a whale of a difference between Hiroshima-style okonomiyaki and what you find in most other cities of the world, including in Tokyo. That's because it is Osaka-style pancakes that are popular the world over. The thick batter (flour, grated yam, dashi, eggs and shredded cabbage) and other ingredients (such as green onion, thin pork belly, octopus, squid, even cheese all bunged in together) are cooked live on hot iron plates and they rise to such plumpness that would befit a frittata.
The Hiroshima-style pancakes, on the other hand, are much more delicate. As we sit — Japanese style — on the low-floor benches around a hot teppan for a live meal, I figure out that is because the layers of "top-ups" are added on instead of mixed into the batter. This is, indeed, soul food for the entire region. At restaurants like where I am, you grill your pancake yourself live on the teppan put in the centre of the seating arrangement. And each restaurant as well as each guest is quite particular about the condiments served alongside. The okonomiyaki sauce (similar to Worcestershire sauce but thicker and more mushroomy; shitake mushrooms are added to give it that burst of umami) tops the pancakes along with aonori (seaweed flakes), bonito flakes, Japanese mayo and pickled ginger.
But before that, what you may also partake off is an array of grilled appetizers, veggies, meats and seafood. Hiroshima is also famous for its oysters and we have quite an evening polishing off an entire lot, grilled lightly on the teppan, with our beer.

Robert Vadra loses cool  rebukes reporter when quizzed about land dealsAshoka
(A livid Vadra was seen…)
NEW DELHI: Congress President Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra today lost his cool and angrily pushed the microphone of a reporter away when he was quizzed about his controversial land deals in Haryana.
A livid Vadra was seen on a video footage shown on TV channels asking the reporter four times as to whether he was serious about his land deal question. Vadra had earlier anwsered a couple of questions posed by a reporter inside Ashoka Hotel.
"I mean, Are you serious? Are you serious? Are you serious? Are you serious?," Vadra kept asking repeatedly, as he lost his temper and stared into the eyes of the reporter and shoved the microphone away. The reporter was seeking Vadra's reaction to the decision of the new BJP government in Haryana to investigate all land deals whether it involves Vadra or the former Chief Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda or anyone else.
Watch: Robert Vadra loses his cool on being questioned about land deals
Vadra was also heard saying, "put your camera off". "Are you nuts?. What is wrong with you?" he said from a distance as he was led away by his security guards. At this stage, the reporter was heard saying that his question was legitimate. To this, Vadra responded asking whether the reporter was the right person to whom the questions on the land deals should be answered.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Physical retailers feel the heat from e-comm...(Some of India’s oldest…)
By Arvind Singhal
About a year ago, many — that included some of India's largest organized retailers — were in near denial that India would feel the impact of e-tailing in the near future. Today, the pendulum has swung to the other extreme. Some of India's oldest and largest brick-and-mortar retailers believe that the newly arrived e-tailers are their biggest threat now. Various associations that represent the interests of India's over 16-million independent retailers are now actively lobbying against etailers, including India's homegrown ones. The same associations had long reserved their vitriol only for multinational retailers despite the fact that the top-three organized retail businesses in India, each having revenues in excess of Rs 15,000 crore in 2014, are Indian owned while the largest multinational retailer in India is struggling to cross even Rs 1,000 crore in revenues.
India's current consumer spending on merchandise (and hence the size of India's retail market) is about $525 billion. If India sees a real compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in the next 10 years, and the consumer price inflation remains around 6% CAGR in the same period, India's merchandise retail spending will touch about $1,100 billion by 2020, and $2,100 billion by 2025. It is easy to see what is driving this strong growth in retail consumption — a relatively young population, convergence in lifestyle aspirations across urban and rural India and rise of dual (or multiple) income households especially in urban India.
Consumption Patterns
To better understand the current and future impact of e-tail on India's physical retailers, it is important to gain a measure of what India is currently consuming and how that consumption is split between rural and urban populations.
As the chart Retail Consumption Across Key Categories shows, even 10 years from now, almost two-thirds of India's retail spending (not total consumer spending because that also includes services such as housing, healthcare, transportation, education etc) is on food, followed by about 9% on apparel, then jewellery, and then consumer electronics, including mobile handsets.
Of this retail spending, rural India (spread across over 6,60,000 villages) accounts for almost 52%. Even by 2025, rural spending would still account for 43% of spending (see Distribution of Consumer Goods Spending). India will see very strong growth in all channels of retail: the traditional independents, the modern corporatized chains, and e-tailing not only in the coming 10 years but indeed, even much beyond that. Those who fear for the demise of traditional retail from corporatized retail (whether Indian or foreign owned) and now from e-tail will do well to note that Indians who are currently consuming merchandise worth $479 billion from independent mom-and-pop stores will consume more than four times (goods worth about $2,125 billion) from these stores by 2025. The corporatized retailers do not have much to fear either and they are likely to increase their own collective revenues (only from physical stores) from about $46 billion today to over $100 billion (excluding e-tail) by 2020 and perhaps over $345 billion (physical retail and e-tail) by 2025.
As far as e-tailing is concerned, notwithstanding its immense appeal for the metros and other parts of urban India, and notwithstanding its visible impact in select categories such as mobile phones and consumer durables, it will continue to have a fairly small share of the overall retail spending in India even after 10 years (see Current and Future Impact of E-tailing in India).
Negligible Share
To put simply, if seen only from the perspective of a few categories such as consumer electronics, apparel and footwear, furniture and home furnishings, and a few others (and that too largely in the top 15-20 cities and for products targeted towards the middle and upper-middle-income socio-economic strata), there is already a measurable impact of e-tail channel on physical stores in 2014. And no doubt, this will become more significant by 2025. However, if seen from the overall consumer spending perspective, the share of the e-tail channel by 2020 is expected to be around 3% on a net sales value (and perhaps 4% by gross merchandise value) and no more than 10% by 2025.
Having said this, it is important for physical retailers (especially those located in these top 15-20 cities) to make a serious effort to upgrade themselves. The upgrade should include improvements in the physical look and feel of the stores, offering a better shopping experience to consumers, training and retraining of store staff to offer better services, and aligning their merchandise more sharply to their specific customer profiles.
Physical retailers (independent ones) should also put more effort in knowing their consumer better and deploy basic technology to connect with them for sharing with them information on new arrivals and promotions . This connect could be even through SMS and then wherever possible, through e-mails. Such measures, as their e-commerce rivals have shown, work wonders.
The writer is chairman and managing director of Technopak, a retail consultancy
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K polls: Fewer central forces to bedeployedLess than 500 companies — each comprising roughly 125 personnel, including those on leave and administrative staff — will be deployed in J&K for the elections. (PTI)
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 4:26 am
Despite fears of an escalation in infiltration and attacks ahead of the Jammu and Kashmir assembly elections, the deployment of central paramilitary forces is set to see a 17 per cent cut as compared to the 2008 elections. This was revealed at a meeting of a core group of military, police and intelligence representatives in Srinagar on Saturday.
Less than 500 companies — each comprising roughly 125 personnel, including those on leave and administrative staff — will be deployed in J&K for the elections, the core group of police and military commanders was told, government sources told The Sunday Express.
In 2008, when the last assembly elections were held, over 600 companies were made available, in addition to 79 companies already available within the state. The strength of central forces within the state has already been cut by 10 companies, the sources said, because of demands for additional forces from Maoist-hit states.
The core group meeting, held at the Srinagar-based XV Corps’ Badami Bagh cantonment, was co-chaired by the commander of troops operating in the Kashmir zone, Lieutenant General Subrat Saha, and Director General of Police K Rajendra.
According to a military source present at the meeting, force commanders were given intelligence reports that large groups of jihadists had grouped in launching positions across the Line of Control ahead of the elections. Intelligence reports presented to the commanders also spoke of efforts to coordinate infiltration between different groups, in an effort to improve the chances of penetrating India’s LoC.
“It’s our assessment that efforts to breach the LoC fence will increase sharply in coming days,” a source said, “because snowfall will close the higher passes in the mountains soon”.
Kashmir has seen a surge in infiltration attempts across the LoC this year — a surge which raised fears that there could be significant violence during the elections. The core group was presented data which showed 89 terrorists had been killed so far this year — significantly more than in 2012 and 2011. However, the commanders were told killings of security forces and civilians have declined, suggesting counter-terrorism operations have been effective through the year.
The core group began discussions on plans to secure village-level political workers, as well as elected sarpanches and panches. “Even a few killings will spread panic,” an officer present at the meeting said, “so the army has been asked to step up patrolling in rural areas, and respond aggressively to threats.”
The issue of possible largescale IED attacks was also raised, particularly on the military and police. Eight major attempts at IED attacks have been made this year, though seven failed because timely information allowed them to be defused. continued…

Six Left parties plan joint protest against NDAgovtPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 4:25 am
Taking the first step to bring together disparate Left formations on a common policy platform, the six Left parties Saturday agreed to launch a joint campaign on various issues, including “infiltration of RSS and Hindutva ideology” in state institutions. This is the first time that CPI(ML-Liberation) and SUCI have decided to join hands with the other four Left parties.
CPM, which is leading the Left bloc, has been stressing the need for unity among the six parties. The decline in electoral influence of CPM has, however, forced it to make the first move of convening the meeting.
Sources said CPI(ML) had broached the topic of Left unity first after the Lok Sabha polls.
The leaders of the six parties have agreed to hold a week-long joint campaign in December to protest attempts by the BJP government to dilute the MGNREGA and open the insurance sector to FDI. They would also demand steps to curb price rise, stop infiltration of “RSS and Hindutva ideology in education, public broadcasting media and other institutions of the state”, put an end to “love jihad” campaign and communal propaganda.
After the meeting, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said the Narendra Modi government  was “being backed fully by the corporates and the Hindutva forces”, and pointed out that the communal forces “have also become very aggressive and active” after the Lok Sabha polls.
“We have made a beginning that the Left will unitedly move on these issues and we are hopeful  that in the coming days we will be able to gather all other Left forces to go towards presenting a strong Left-based alternative in the country,” Karat said.
Karat, however, was non-committal on joining hands with other “secular parties”.

Govt to commemorate Nehrus birth anniversary  but with a SwachhtatwistPrint
The Prime Minister’s Office is already finalising a major plan to use Nehru’s birth anniversary — November 14 — to connect with school children.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 4:21 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 10:24 am
At a time when the Congress is accusing the BJP of playing politics over past icons from the Nehru Gandhi family, the government on Saturday decided to commemorate Jawaharlal Nehru’s 125th birth anniversary in a big way.
At a meeting of the recently reconstituted National Committee for Commemoration of the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, it was decided to continue with the three main suggestions of the committee from the UPA’s tenure. Congress leader Karan Singh, a member of the panel, described the meeting as “positive and constructive”.
The government, however, also linked its nationwide cleanliness campaign to the celebrations by deciding to organise “Bal Swachhta Mission” in schools between November 14 and 19 and by commemorating the “Year of Bal Swachhta”.
“Three suggestions of the old committee were accepted by the new committee. It was a very constructive meeting,” Singh said. A website dedicated to Nehru, release of a Rs 10-crore grant for the uplift of the Nehru Memorial Museum and Library and roll-out of a special grant for scholars researching in Nehru were the three suggestions accepted by the committee, which had Union cabinet ministers Rajnath Singh, Smriti Irani, Shripad Naik, Arun Jaitley and Prakash Javadekar.

Can Space Industry Survive 2 Explosions in 4 DaysThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Revealed: Ridiculously extravagant purchases of the filthy richTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Sun 7 Dec, 2014, 2:34 PM IST - India Markets closed
Ridiculously extravagant purchases of the filthy rich
For as long as there have been celebrities, there have been stories about their extravagant spending. Many of these stories are just urban legends, but many others are true, and while the average Joe may respond to them with contempt, make no mistake, it's contempt laced with bitter jealousy.
Fashion Fix CEO Christie Maruka is a celebrity stylist and personal shopper who has conducted such transactions on behalf of her clients. Her signature appears on an abundance of confidentiality agreements, so she can't name any names. However, salespeople are not bound by such agreements, and she said that they're often the source of these stories.
"Sales people immediately turn to their many social media sites," she said. "They post a picture, they write about it, they Instagram it. … Then it gets back to the designer, who'll make an 'as seen on' ad campaign."
So why do the celebrities make these purchases in the first place if they don't want anyone to know what they paid?
"They want to be the one to have it first," Maruka said. "They take to Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and it gives the impression that they're the leader of the pack in fashion and style."
Read ahead and see some examples of luxury goods purchased with extraordinary sums of celebrity cash.
—By CNBC's Daniel Bukszpan

4 Reasons Why You Should Combine SEO and PR Strategiesreddit
Before I dive into this let's just make it clear that by "PR" I am referring to Public Relations, not Google's PageRank. In early October, Google's John Mueller mentioned in a video Google+ hangout that they are unlikely to update the Google Toolbar PageRank in the future. (Note: he mentions this at the 20:30 mark)
OK, now back to why SEO and PR should be combined...
Dictionary.com defines public relations as:
noun
1. the actions of a corporation, store, government, individual, etc., in promoting goodwill between itself and the public, the community, employees, customers, etc.
2. the art, technique, or profession of promoting such goodwill.
SEO strategies have changed a lot over the past few years. With such a large focus now on attracting high quality brand mentions it requires getting other websites to talk about you. Creating this buzz requires a PR approach, and one could even argue that PR needs to be part of the "new" search engine optimization era.
Here are four reasons why you should be combining SEO and PR strategies moving forward:
1. High quality content helps you earn links.
When creating a PR campaign the piece of content that you are sending out to media contacts has to be amazing. The title needs to instantly grab their attention and the body needs to suck the reader in. Media outlets are pitched all day long, so it takes a very well thought out piece of content to attract their attention and result in them mentioning you.
This same approach should be taken for every single piece of content that you produce, whether it is for your own blog or for an outreach campaign to earn links.
2. PR relationships can help attract authority links.
The relationships that are built through public relations are the relationships that SEOs drool over. Theses relationships with journalists, reporters, and editors can help you earn links from authoritative websites that Google loves. A few links from large authority websites hold far more weight than hundreds of spammy links that were built solely to attempt to manipulate the search rankings.
3. Authority brand mentions or "implied links" will become more important as SEO advances.
If a brand is popular and lots of people are talking about it wouldn't it make sense that they would have mentions all over the web, rather than just links? As mentions become more popular PR is going to come more into play. The more media outlets and websites that mention your brand, the more of an authority you will be viewed as by the search engines.
4. Using PR outreach can amplify a social media campaign.
Sharing your content on social media helps to expose it to more people, which can also result in earning links, but using a PR approach can amplify your social reach significantly. Get industry partners and other influencers to also share your content on social media. When done right it can result in exponential social growth, introducing your content and brand to potential new customers as well as outlets that could reward you with a link or brand mention. Google's Panda Patent makes it clear that brand mentions will become more of a signal in the future.
SEO and PR will always remain their own entities, but that doesn't mean you can't combine them and create a very effective online marketing strategy that produces the kind of results that Google loves, and rewards accordingly.
Would you like free online marketing tips sent to your email every week? Make sure you sign up for the Market Domination Media newsletter. Instantly download a free copy of "The Complete A-Z Online Marketing Strategy Guide" by clicking here and you will also automatically receive free online marketing tips in your inbox every week.
Follow Jonathan Long on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MDMSEO
More:

US Marine veteran out of Mexico jail  home inFloridaA US Marine veteran, who fought in Afghanistan, returned home to Florida after spending 8 months in a Mexican jail.
By: Associated Press | Weston | Posted: November 2, 2014 4:47 am
A US Marine veteran who fought in Afghanistan returned home to Florida on Saturday after spending eight months in a Mexican jail for crossing the border with loaded guns, a case that led US politicians to bring intense pressure on Mexico to release him.
Family spokesman Jon Franks said the private plane carrying Marine Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi, his mother and supporters – including former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson – landed at a South Florida airport about 6 a.m.
Tahmooressi was freed Friday night and reunited with his mother, Jill, and then boarded a flight in San Diego to Florida.
“They’re just spending time together, trying to figure out what’s next,” Franks told reporters at a hotel in this suburb west of Fort Lauderdale. “They need some time to decompress.” Neither Tahmooressi nor any family members attended the news conference.
Tahmooressi, 26, has said he took a wrong turn on a California freeway that funneled him into a Tijuana port of entry with no way to turn back, and that he had no intention of illegally bringing guns into Mexico. His detention brought calls for his freedom from US politicians, veterans groups and social media campaigns. A US congressional committee held a hearing on the case.
In Mexico, possession of weapons restricted for use by the Army is a federal crime, and the country has been tightening up its border checks to stop the flow of US weapons that have been used by drug cartels.
In his order Friday, the Mexican judge did not make a determination on the illegal arms charges against Tahmooressi but freed him because of his mental state, according to a statement Saturday from Mexico’s embassy in the US
Tahmooressi suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder, treatment for which Franks said would be the first order of business now that he is back in the US
“It’s set up,” Franks said. “I think he’s going to bounce back pretty quickly.”
One other priority: after 214 days in the Mexican jail, Tahmooressi wants to grab some dinner as soon as possible at famed South Beach seafood eatery Joe’s Stone Crab, Franks said.
Richardson, the former Democratic governor who grew up in Mexico and has negotiated on a range of international issues, said he met with Tahmooressi in jail in the border city of Tecate, and he had talked to Mexican officials to urge them to release Tahmooressi on humanitarian grounds.
“I respect Mexico’s judicial process, and I am pleased that Andrew was released today and will return home to his family,” Richardson said in a statement Friday.
Saturday brought another outpouring of support and commentary from Democratic and Republican political figures alike. US State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement that the agency was pleased with Tahmooressi’s release continued…

Breaking the chain of contact is key to Ebola controlNEW DELHI, November 1, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 00:57 IST
‘Breaking the chain of contact is key to Ebola control’
Smriti Kak Ramachandran
AP A Ebola health worker removes rubbish including plastic bottles from a Clinic Treatment centre. File photo
TOPICS
health
Survival rate is 37 per cent, there is no specific treatment’
Isolation of Ebola carriers and disinfection of anything that they have been in contact with helps curtail the spread of the highly contagious and high-mortality virus, says Kalyani Gomathinayagam, a general physician from Madurai, who is back from a six-week stint in Foya, one of the many Ebola-hit districts in Liberia.
“We used chlorine to disinfect everything that the patients had on them, even money and mobile phones. Since direct contact with bodies is identified as one of the reasons for transmission, protocols for funerals were followed. Safe burials, in which the body bags were sprayed with chlorine and then buried in a separate cemetery, helped curb the spread,” Dr. Gomathinayagam says.
Dr. Gomathinayagam, who was at a treatment facility in Foya set up by Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF), which has been at the frontline of Ebola control in the district, says deaths can be prevented if the virus is caught in time and the carrier isolated and given supportive treatment by health workers following the mandatory protocol.
“The survival rate is 37 per cent. There is no specific treatment, we mainly rehydrate the patients and offer supportive therapy,” she says.
While the MSF has not been able to assess the preparedness of Indian healthcare systems to tackle an Ebola outbreak, the organisation is keen on sharing with the Indian government and healthcare sector its experience of treating Ebola patients and the know-how to mobilise the community.
“Breaking the chain of contact is the key to Ebola control,” Dr. Gomathinayagam says adding that to contain the virus from spreading, communities need to act fast and in a synchronised manner.
Health workers being at high risk of being exposed to the virus, treatment procedures for them are harder because protective gear that includes gloves and goggles have to be worn at all times. “It is hard to examine patients wearing a protective gear; it is hot and the glasses get foggy within minutes because of the sweat. We cannot examine patients as in the usual course, we have to take quick decisions and ensure at all times that the protocol is followed so that we couldn’t expose ourselves and endanger our colleagues,” she says.
Having served out the mandatory 21-day self-monitoring period in Geneva, Dr. Gomathinayagam says counselling of communities is equally crucial in Ebola control.
“In Foya, the families of those suspected to have Ebola were unwilling to send them to the isolation facilities; they feared they wouldn’t come out alive. So we had to make arrangements for families to meet the patients, we also encouraged people to attend funerals of their kin, but after following the protocol,” she said.
The World Health Organisation has declared Nigeria free of Ebola, but Dr. Gomathinayagam says there is good reason not to drop the guard just yet.

10 job interview myths debunked10 Job Interview Myths Debunked
By Susan Adams | Forbes –  Mon 13 Oct, 2014 3:30 PM IST
Print
>
You probably get a little nervous before you go into a job interview. Even if you’ve copiously prepped, you figure the interviewer will hold all the cards. She knows everything about her company and the job you want, and she’s got a vision of the perfect employee that doesn’t exactly describe you.
Not so, says David Couper, a Los Angeles career and executive coach and the author of Outsiders on the Inside: How to Create a Winning Career … Even When You Don’t Fit In. In reality, most interviewers are ill-prepared and distracted, he says. “They usually just wing it based on their own experience.”
Before he became a consultant and coach, Couper worked in human resources and training at several big companies in Chicago and Los Angeles, including the now-defunct consulting giant Arthur Andersen. He has sat in the interviewer’s chair many times.
At one interview of a potential sales staffer, Couper was called in at the last minute because another human resources manager had canceled and three bodies were required at the interview table. “I hadn’t seen the applicant’s résumé,” he recalls. “I didn’t even know what the job was.”
Another time Couper was in the job seeker’s chair, and he thought the hiring manager seemed a little strange–especially when he said, “I see you got your degree in Cleveland.” Couper realized the interviewer was looking at someone else’s résumé.
Even when they know who you are, interviewers rarely ask good questions, says Couper. The most frequent–tell me about yourself–is among the silliest, he points out, because it’s too general. “Interviewers are looking for someone who can do the job, fit in with the culture, and not cause trouble,” he says. “If you can demonstrate that you can do that, you will get the job.” His advice: Don’t tell the interviewer about yourself. Talk about what you would accomplish in the position you want, and specify ways your past successes illustrate that.
Photos: The complete interview guide
Interviewers feel obligated to offer job seekers refreshment, but Couper says they don’t really want you to say yes to that cup of coffee. Couper recalls an interviewee accepting his offer of a cup of tea. “I had to find a cup, I had to find some tea, I wasted, like, half an hour, and got really annoyed,” he recalls. “Unless there’s a bottle of water sitting there and they offer it, just say, ‘No thanks, I’m fine.’”
Most career manuals advise job seekers to make their answers succinct. Couper says this is not necessarily a winning strategy. Because most interviewers haven’t thought about what to ask you, you can make a favorable impression by going on for awhile with convincing reasons you’d make a great hire. “If you’re giving information that’s hitting what they need to know, then they’re happy,” Couper says.
Perhaps the biggest interview myth, according to Couper, is that the most qualified applicant gets the job. Frequently, it’s the applicant who comes recommended from an inside source or a personal connection, like when the boss’s brother-in-law gets hired whether or not he’s the smartest or most accomplished candidate. The final determination can also come down to personality rather than qualifications.
Couper recalls a time he had to hire actors to perform in training videos for a large corporation. He didn’t always hire the most skilled applicants. “There were actors who did a great job performing, but you could tell they would be difficult people,” he says. “You say to yourself, he seems really talented, but I’ll have to socialize with him.” Couper says he often went for a less talented but friendlier candidate.
This story is an update of a piece that ran previously.
More on Forbes:

How black money escalates the housing prices in India(The only ones who can afford…)
By: Pankaj Kapoor
I recently met a real estate developer who joked that the engine of real estate in India has two wheels: one is white money that comes from genuine buyers and the other is black money. And, currently, both wheels have stopped turning. He wasn't joking.
Today, the market is stagnant because most genuine buyers can't afford to buy their dream home as the market is overpriced. The investors who were pumping in black money have also paused as prices have stagnated.
Curiously, the escalation of prices itself has happened because of the large inflows of black money into realty. Even though no official figures are available, it is safe to assume that anywhere between 30% and 40% of real estate transactions — be it the purchase of land or an apartment in a metro — involve black money.
Of course, higher the price tag of an apartment, bigger is the black money component. For instance, there is hardly any black money involved in an apartment priced between Rs 15 lakh and Rs 20 lakh but in a luxury apartment priced above Rs 3 crore, the black money component could go up to 60%.
Chain of Transactions
So, where does the problem start? It starts right at the time land is purchased, let's say for the construction of an apartment. In a city like Mumbai, virgin land isn't available. So, invariably developers have to buy land in outskirts or villages outside the city limits, where the ready reckoner rates (or circle rates) are low.
Often, the people who own the land ask for a significant part of the payment in black, sometimes as much as 25-30%, so that they can avoid getting taxed. The next step is getting approvals, which invariably involves getting building approvals from local civic bodies which in turn are controlled by politicians and bureaucrats. That again involves significant amount of unaccounted money.
All these underthetable payments mean that a developer has to have a significant kitty of black money. So, the developer starts putting price tags on things he isn't legally allowed to sell, parking in apartments, for instance. It is this chain of black money transactions that has raised the launch prices of apartments, resulting in the fact that most genuine buyers can't afford a home.
The only ones who can afford a home are, unfortunately, not the salaried class but traders and other dubious buyers who have a steady flow of black money. Given that Indian tax norms favour people who are buying a second or third house more than a first-time buyer, most people who can indulge in inflated real estate transactions are investors who have black money. They have unyielding capital that they choose to park in real estate.
Between 2001 and 2005, real estate in India boomed. Interest rates were low, housing was affordable and first-time buyers were entering the market. One could understand a bump-up in prices then. But between 2009 and 2013, something strange happened. Despite the fact that there wasn't a great wave of buying from first-time buyers, prices went upwards sharply. Most of this was fuelled by investors who invested in the premium and luxury segments and most of them involved black money transactions.
  Slew of Reforms Needed
State governments have responded by reducing ready reckoner rates to almost the same level as market value but that alone hasn't been enough. If the government is serious about achieving its stated goal of housing for all by 2022, then it will have to make a few systemic changes. One, incentivize first-time buyers.
Two, make the process of getting approvals transparent. Make the process automated. Cut off all political discretions when it comes to granting approvals or buying land.
The Real Estate Regulation Bill is a first step towards that. But in its current form, there are some loosely defined terms in the draft and oversights which can be misused. For instance, approval authorities are not brought under the purview of the Bill. Most delays of housing projects happen because of delayed approvals.
India has a shortfall of 18.7 million homes — over 95% of this is in the economically weaker section. Only 1.4% of that demand is being met. If we want India's real estate sector to blossom again, this menace of black money needs to be weeded out.
(The writer is managing director of Liases Foras, a real estate research company)
FEATURED ARTICLES

How shell companies are used to channel blac...You are here: Home > Collections > Companies
How shell companies are used to channel black money
Avinash Celestine, ET Bureau Nov 2, 2014, 04.38AM IST
Tags:
2G
(A huge volume of black money…)
The classic image, as portrayed in Indian films, of corporate corruption is one of a suited businessman handing over a suitcase stuffed with cash to a khadiclad neta.
Indeed, if there is a single physical object in India that often does symbolise corruption, payoffs and black money, it is a closed suitcase. In the appropriate context, it evokes all sorts of associations about what could be in it, and who it is for, and the motives of those involved.
This mental image is now laughably out of date. In purely physical terms, the amount of cash that can be stashed away in a suitcase (or several) is now too small given the ambitions of both the businessman and the politician or bureaucrat in question.
The sheer quantum of money involved in some of the biggest scandals such as 2G or coal — several thousand crores — makes it completely impractical, and dangerous, to keep that money lying around in physical form, unless absolutely necessary.
The more appropriate image these days is far more abstract and difficult to portray in films, but it is far more suited to the task of handling large volumes of money — the corporation.
Indeed, in retrospect it is obvious that a corporation is an ideal entity for the task since it was specifically designed, from the outset, as a legal entity to raise, allocate, handle and move large volumes of money.
At the same time, it has an existence that is legally completely separate from the persons who set it up.
But there is no reason, at the outset, why something that can be used for perfectly legal and above-board businesses should not also be used to handle black money or tainted money as well.
Paper Craft
While we are aware of how a company domiciled in a tax haven like the Cayman Islands can be used to funnel money into India (or become a repository of it overseas), India has its own fair share of 'dummy', 'shell', or 'paper' companies, which play a critical part in the process of moving black money from one person to another.
One of the many transactions that characterized the 2G case was the alleged movement of around Rs 200 crore from companies related to DB Realty (a group company which was allotted a spectrum licence) to Kalaignar TV, linked to the DMK, then ruling in Tamil Nadu.
The money allegedly moved through a set of companies and investigative agencies claim that this investment was, effectively, illegal gratification.
Later, that same money was 'repaid', with 'interest', something the ED claims was a sham transaction disguised as a legitimate deal. Counsel for telecom minister A Raja and DMK MP Kanimozhi claims that they were in no way connected with the flow of money.
The DB group has claimed that there was nothing untoward in the transaction which was done to purchase a stake in the channel, a deal which fell through.
In the coal scam too, sets of dummy companies, many of them Kolkatabased, were used as conduits to move money back and forth, often in seemingly bewildering patterns. Part of this is just to create more work for law enforcement. If company A needs to transfer funds to company Z, it is unlikely to do so directly. Instead it will transfer the funds to B, which will transfer it to C, and so on, into Z. Untangling this web of transactions is time consuming and difficult, even for investigators with the force of the law behind them.
  But layering offers plausible deniability. A politician can claim that while he is accountable for money invested into his own company (company Z), he can hardly be held accountable for his investors' source of funds (companies Y, X, W and so on). If the owner of company A is a powerful industrialist who just happens to have benefitted from government contracts controlled by the politician in question, well, that is just sheer coincidence.
Indeed, corporations are so efficient a means of transferring unaccounted-for money that a whole organized business involving lawyers and accountants has evolved, to manage and sell dummy companies offering just these services for a commission. The hub of this business started in Kolkata in the 1980s, but it has now moved into other large metros.
Attempts to crack down on specific forms of investment into such companies have been only partially successful simply because when the law closes one loophole, accountants and lawyers find another.
Corporations have other benefits. One of the most commonly known is with respect to real estate deals. If one person sells a house to another, the stamp duty can be a hefty chunk of the final price.

How black money finds its way out of India  ...How black money finds its way out of India, and how it comes back as white
Shantanu Nandan Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 2, 2014, 05.50AM IST
Tags:
Black Money
("The govt should use a carrot-and-stick…)
In February 2008, R Prasad, the then chairman of the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), led a team of tax sleuths to Port Louis, the capital city of Mauritius.
Backed by a team from the ministry of external affairs, Prasad made an attempt to convince Mauritius officials to re-negotiate the double tax avoidance agreement (DTAA), which was resulting in massive tax losses to India.
Prasad's attempt was unsuccessful, but what he discovered in the process was startling: a handful of persons acted as directors for about 30,000 companies located in that island nation. Also, companies there exist only on paper, as addresses of many of those begin with a mere post box number.
"Mauritius and many other tax havens act as buffers to bring back India's black money as white.
And the challenge before the investigators is to establish the criminality of those involved in such activities," says Prasad, who retired as CBDT chairman six years ago.
Now, the Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money wants such tax treaties to be re-drafted, a move that will put the government in a spot.
Only this week, a reluctant government had to hand over to the apex court a complete list of 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva.
"The debate so far has been what comes first: investment or tax? Is India ready to sacrifice investments worth billions of dollars for the sake of some tax gain? So far as Mauritius is concerned, any retreat from India's side will allow China to woo the island nation," says a finance ministry official who did not want to be named, explaining why New Delhi hasn't been assertive with Mauritius, a nation where Indian defence forces harbour strategic interests.
In Black and White
While tax havens like Mauritius will help black money come back into the country as white, Indians continue to send illicit money abroad.
This is done through various methods, hawala transactions — where money is transferred abroad without any real movement of funds — being one of them although, according to a finance ministry white paper on black money released two years ago, hawala transactions have actually dwindled over the past decade.
"In recent years, after the 9/11 incident in the US, due to intense scrutiny of banking transactions, enhanced security checks at airports and ports and relaxation of exchange controls, transfer of money through hawala has reduced significantly," says the report. "...increasing pressure on financial operators and banks to report cash transactions has also helped in curbing hawala transactions."
  However, there are other methods to siphon black money out of the country, two of which are manipulation of export invoices and setting up of trusts abroad.
Two income-tax officials told ET Magazine that a large number of the accounts of the 627 names based on data stolen by an employee of HSBC, Geneva, would be of such trusts. The modus operandi adopted here is as follows: black money moves abroad through routes like hawala.
Then a trust is formed in, let's assume, the Netherlands. The trustees in this case will be Dutch nationals, but the beneficiaries will be relatives of an Indian back home who put in the initial corpus.
"But we can initiate a probe only when money gets reflected in the accounts of the beneficiaries," explains one of the tax officials.
As the incometax department and the Enforcement Directorate (ED) will now work under SIT, one can expect more urgency in the mission to bring back unaccounted money. Yet, genuine hurdles may come in the way of that endeavour.
The classic example of such a hurdle is seen in the case of Pune-based stud farm-owner Hasan Ali Khan, who was raided by the I-T department seven years ago. Documents and data in his laptop established that he had a Swiss bank account with a whopping $8 billion (roughly Rs 48,000 crore) in deposits. Ali was sent to jail, but the ED that probes money laundering cases found out from the Swiss authorities that Ali's accounts had been emptied.
The multi-billion dollar question then: how many of the 627 whose names exist in a sealed cover would have done the same?
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ensure transparency in funding of political ...Arun Jaitley
(In the clamour for recovering…)
Given a choice of priority, should Indian authorities be chasing black money in circulation within the country or the illicit billions held in foreign banks? It is a nobrainer. Money whisked away abroad is tiny compared with the unaccounted money within India.
Yet, the political system has long been barking up the wrong tree; the ongoing debate on black money has been no different. On Thursday, however, finance minister Arun Jaitley asked tax officials to turn the gaze inside. It makes sense on other counts, too.
Indians hold assets abroad through multiple trails of offshore shell companies and hundreds of accounts in tax havens. Tax officials haven't shown the gumption or means to track these assets, leave alone confiscating them. All the authorities possess as evidence is a so-called 'HSBC list' that contains names of Indians who have hoarded wealth in the Swiss unit of the banking major.
This is actually stolen information by a bank employee, which the French government shared with India. The Times of India, quoting unnamed government officials, reported on Thursday that the HSBC list is of no use because it contains no big names, the entries are too old and accounts have little money.
Talk about an anti-climax. India's best bet is to join other countries in turning the heat on tax havens. But even this plan faces uncertainty owing to a Supreme Court order seeking full disclosure on illegal bank accounts held abroad. The court order has muddied the emphasis on secrecy in bilateral tax treaties that facilitate exchange of information (see The Swiss Conundrum).
The government's peekaboo policy of revealing three names on the HSBC list too didn't help. No surprise then that India has delayed signing a crucial international agreement aimed at automatic financial information on tax evasion, which could help secure information about Indians hiding money in tax havens. Pretty bleak, right? Say, the government by a stroke of luck receives information. Good luck with that because prosecutions are painfully long.
Core Issue
Against this grim backdrop, Jaitley's directive is welcome. But he too has not addressed the heart of the scourge of black money in India — the way political parties finance themselves. It is no secret that all parties depend on donations, but the manner in which they collect money is largely shrouded in secrecy. "Nearly 75% of their funds are from undisclosed sources," said SY Quraishi, former chief election commissioner.
  Even the records of money parties have submitted to the Election Commission (EC) show a kind of guile bordering on illegality. The Congress, for example, has declared that more than a third of its total income of Rs 2,365 crore between 2004-05 and 2011-12 was generated by sale of coupons to, well, mostly its own workers and leaders, according to a study by Association of Democratic Reforms (ADR), an organization that pursues political reforms.
EC officials say coupons are nothing but a tool to collect money from outsiders and source it to party members. One would expect Samajwadi Party to find donors aplenty in Uttar Pradesh, where it rules. But it has listed just three donors (in 2012-13), two of whom reside in West Bengal of all places. The duo made 11 contributions totalling Rs 2.19 crore. Nine of those contributions came from Aditi Sen, a resident of Salt Lake City, Kolkata.
Two contributions were made by Sundeep Sen, a resident of the same address as Aditi. There are plenty of similar examples for every major party. As it happens, the donations disclosed are peanuts compared with the amounts parties raise in the run-up to elections. In June 2011, the government tasked a committee to study black money. Its observations make for startling reading.
"The two major national parties [the Congress and BJP] claim to have incomes of merely Rs 500 crore [$81 million] and Rs 200 crore [$32 million].
But this isn't even a fraction of their expenses. These parties spend between Rs 10,000 crore [$1.6 billion] and Rs 15,000 crore [$2.4 billion] annually on election expenses alone," said the report.
Indeed, it costs parties a bomb to run a decent campaign. Lakhs have to be spent on just a rally — on publicity, choppers and vehicles, booze and money to lure volunteers and so on. "Election financing is the best example of the existence of black money in India," said a senior EC official.
A New Path
On August 29, the EC issued a set of guidelines aimed at bringing transparency and accountability in the funding of political parties during "elections and other times" (see The New Transparency Rules...). The guidelines, which came into effect from October 1, call for parties to maintain records of all donations and make all payments beyond Rs 20,000 by cheques or drafts.

Can private space survive 2 explosions in 4 ...Can private space survive 2 explosions in 4 days?
AP Nov 2, 2014, 05.32AM IST
(The developments reignited the…)
WASHINGTON: Fiery failures are no stranger to the space game. It's what happens when you push the boundaries of what technology can do, where people can go. And it happened again to Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo.
In the past decade, the space industry has tried to go from risky and government-run to routine private enterprise _ so routine that if you have lots of money you can buy a ticket on a private spaceship and become a space tourist.
More than 500 people have booked a flight, including Justin Bieber, Ashton Kutcher and little known space scientist Alan Stern.
But it all depends on flying becoming safe and routine. This week hasn't helped.
Three days after a private unmanned Orbital Sciences rocket taking cargo up to the International Space Station blew up six seconds into its flight, a test flight of SpaceShipTwo exploded Friday over the Mojave Desert with two people on board, killing one crew member.
The developments reignited the debate about the role of business in space and whether it is or will ever be safe enough for everyday people looking for an expensive 50-mile (80-kilometer)-high thrill ride.
``It's a real setback to the idea that lots of people are going to be taking joyrides into the fringes of outer space any time soon,'' said John Logsdon, retired space policy director at George Washington University. ``There were a lot of people who believed that the technology to carry people is safely at hand.''
The question for space tourism might be, ``if it survives,'' Logsdon said. But he thinks its momentum in recent years will keep it alive.
Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson expressed the same view Saturday after arriving in Mojave, California, to meet with the project workforce reeling from the accident.
``We would love to finish what was started some years ago, and I think pretty well all our astronauts would love us to finish it, love to go to space,'' he said. ``Millions of people in the world would love to one day have the chance to go to space.''
Federal estimates of the commercial space industry _only a little of it involving tourism _ exceed $200 billion. NASA is counting on private companies such as SpaceX and Orbital Sciences to haul cargo to the space station. They are also spending billions to help SpaceX and Boeing build ships that will eventually take people there, too.
Internet pioneers Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos have gotten into the space game. Aviation entrepreneur Branson and others are pushing a billion-dollar space tourism industry.
The Virgin Galactic and Orbital accidents have nothing in common except the words private space, Stern said. Still it raises issues about the space industry.
Some experts said they worry that private industry may just not be as safe as the government when it comes to going into space.
Jerry Linenger, a former astronaut who narrowly survived a 1997 fire on the Russian space station Mir, said private industry lacks the experience and the advocates for safety that NASA had when he was launching into space. He pointed to former moonwalking astronaut John Young, who NASA encouraged to raise safety issues and slow things down.
Watching the Orbital Sciences accident on Tuesday, Linenger said, ``it was blatantly obvious that it is a dangerous operation that is very nearly on the edge,'' yet private companies talk of doing it better, faster and cheaper. Then they find out that was naive, he said.
American University space policy professor Howard McCurdy, who wrote the book ``Space and the American Imagination,'' said NASA in the 1990s and private companies tout lean management to get things done faster, better and cheaper in space. But he said that leaves no margin for error and ``is like flying an airplane without a qualified pilot. You really need to do it right.''
McCurdy pointed to all the Silicon Valley whiz kids in space and worried that they come with the same Microsoft attitude of pushing a product out and fixing it on the fly.
``I'm not sure that works for rocket ships,'' McCurdy said. ``That may work for cellphones, smartphones and computer programs.''
With space, he said, ``you're working much closer to the edge.''
Logsdon said he wouldn't fly on commercial space flights now, but Virgin Galactic customer Alan Stern said he had no qualms about it: ``Let's not be Chicken Littles,'' he says.
He recalled the early days of aviation or the early days of jet test piloting in the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s, when people died pushing the boundaries of technology.
McCurdy said the private space industry seems to be having the same growing pains and failures that NASA and the military had when the first astronauts watched a rocket blow up in front of them.
It seemed that in the first five years of U.S. rockets, one blew up every other week, but it wasn't quite that bad, said Roger Launius, associate director of the National Air and Space Museum. This week seems a lot like those old times, he said.
Launius wonders if the public will support private efforts despite the visible failures, and can the for-profit companies tolerate the risk that comes with space and accidents. Orbital's stock price has dropped 13 percent since Tuesday's accident.
For Stern the answer is obvious.
``I want to be part of the opening of this future frontier,'' the former associate administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration said. ``I want to make that better future a reality.
``No frontier has been one without the risk of life and limb,'' he added. ``I stand with the brave pioneers of space who do this for all mankind.'
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gas under $3 in US for 1st time in 4 yearsGas under $3 in US for 1st time in 4 years
Helping Your Small Business Go Socialreddit
If there's one thing I've found from my time working with small businesses, it's that marketing departments in smaller companies have embraced social media just as enthusiastically as enterprises. I looked up the stats (courtesy of BIA/Kelsey), and I wasn't at all surprised to find that three-quarters of small and medium-sized businesses are using social for marketing or promotion. Because why wouldn't they? Social marketing is easy, convenient, affordable, and effective.
What's truly exciting, though, is that we've only just skimmed the surface of social. There's so much more potential we can tap into, so much more that social can do, across virtually every aspect of our businesses. That's as true for small companies as it is for large enterprises.
Here are four ways to start making your company a truly social organization:
1. Recruit the best and brightest -- the smart way.
For companies of all sizes, hiring top talent is a cornerstone of success, but for smaller companies, finding the right fit for your team is downright critical.  In the same way that most people find jobs through their contacts, relationships also drive recruiting. To build your social recruiting network, start with people you know. Think former co-workers, current clients, vendors and even friends and family. Hey, you never know where a standout candidate might be found! Obviously, LinkedIn is a natural place to make connections, but don't forget about Twitter. Joining the conversation there can help you build relationships that pay off in top-notch new hires.
2. Offer help where your customers are looking for it.
Something I read a while back has really stuck with me: 67% of people have gone to a company's social media page looking for customer service versus only a third for marketing (J.D. Power and Associates). Social gives you a great opportunity to make customers happy and keep them coming back. So monitor your social media sites for questions or complaints, and make sure you answer them. Be responsive, be friendly, be helpful. That's how you turn one-time customers into lifelong loyalists.
3. Think close to home.
If social can bring people together from all over the world, imagine what it can do for your company. Set up a Facebook group or custom social network, so your team can easily share ideas, collaborate on projects, and keep everybody in the loop on need-to-know info. Better internal communication increases both productivity and employee satisfaction.
4. Put your most powerful advocates to work.
We all know that word-of-mouth recommendations have power. What you might not realize is that people trust your employees nearly as much as they trust your customers. So give your employees a voice. Let them guest blog on your company's site and take part in conversations via your social channels. With their in-depth, first-hand knowledge of your business, employees are a valuable resource that can help you win over customers.
These are just a few suggestions. Take a look at your entire organization and consider where social could play a role. Your bottom line will definitely thank you!
Lauren Vaccarello is a digital marketing thought leader, author and Senior Vice President of Marketing at Sysomos. Her books, Complete B2B Online Marketing and The Retargeting Playbook (Wiley) are available on Amazon and Barnes & Noble.
Follow Lauren Vaccarello on Twitter: www.twitter.com/laurenv
More:

Basics explained: How to invest in stocks even after retirementPrint
It is believed that stocks, due to their unpredictable nature, are only for the young and daring. The old, it is said, should do their best to stay away from this risky asset.
This belief, like many others, is not without its set of challengers. Stocks, say several financial planners, are indispensable for every investor, young or old, as they are the only asset that can beat inflation over long periods.
Suze Orman, an American author, financial advisor, motivational speaker and television host, is once reported to have said, "Cash-in savings accounts, short-term CDs or money market deposits-is great for an emergency fund. But to fulfill a long-term investment goal like funding your retirement, consider buying stocks. The more distant your financial target, the longer inflation will gnaw at the purchasing power of your money."
"A retired person, considering that his liquidity needs have to be met from investments, should invest in debt instruments an amount equal to three years of living expenses plus planned expenditures and ongoing and expected medical expenses. The instruments can be bank fixed deposits or short-term funds. The remaining money can be invested in equities," says Feroze Azeez, director, investment products, Anand Rathi Private Wealth.
WHERE TO INVEST?
An individual near retirement, due to less time and low risk appetite, should invest in companies that grow consistently and have quality managements. There are many such companies in fast moving consumer goods, or FMCG, pharmaceutical and information technology sectors whose earnings grow at a fast pace and which are not impacted much by market trends. Also, a good dividend payment (for regular income) and growth history should be considered.
DK Aggarwal, chairman and managing director, SMC Investment and Advisors, says, "A person who is about to retire can consider large-cap stocks as most blue-chip companies pay high dividends and outperform the stock market. Defensive sectors such as pharma and FMCG should have more weight in the ideal portfolio of a person nearing retirement."
FACTORS TO WATCH
Unlike the young, who can bet on new and emerging businesses as they can wait for years for their investments to grow, the retired should look at mature companies run by quality managements, score high on corporate governance, have delivered consistent returns and have a history of paying high dividends.
Azeez of Anand Rathi Private Wealth says, "Companies that have proven themselves and have gained market share over the years will need less funds for expansion and so will have a sizeable surplus that they can distribute as dividends. These will be beneficial for retired individuals (who want regular income). Such companies can be either in large-cap or mid-cap space."
Dipen Shah, head, private client group research, Kotak Securities, says, "If someone is near retirement or has already retired, he should invest only in large and stable companies with credible managements, strong balance sheets and good dividendpaying record. Small companies should be avoided."
DIRECT OR INDIRECT EXPOSURE?
What is the ideal way to take exposure to stocks in old age? Considering the recent changes in tax laws, which extended the holding period for short-term capital gains from debt funds from 12 to 36 months, the retired can look at balanced funds. These invest more than 65% money in stocks and so are considered equity funds for taxation. This means gains from an investment held for more than one year are not taxed. Plus, they give investors exposure to debt, which provides stability to the portfolio, as well.
At present, short-term gains from debt funds are added to the income and taxed according to the person's tax slab. Long-term gains, if the units are held for more than three years, are taxed at 20% with indexation. Indexation involves adjusting the purchase price with inflation. It lowers gains and, hence, the tax burden.
Azeez of Anand Rathi Private Wealth says, "Indirect exposure through mutual funds is better since these are well-regulated and managed by professionals. This saves investors the hassle of personally tracking companies. There are a number of mutual funds whose mandate is investing in growth companies. They also provide a dividend payout option." Dividends can be a good source of regular income for the retired.
Tushar Pendharkar, equity strategist, Right Horizons, says anyone can take exposure to stocks, either directly or through mutual funds. A thumb rule says that equity exposure should be 100 minus age. So, if the person's age is 55, he should invest 45% funds in equities. Therefore, it is recommended that one should reduce exposure to stocks with age.
For those who would like to take direct exposure to stocks, we talked to market experts and tried to find out stocks they can buy in the present market from their retirement funds. Hiren Dhakan, associate fund manager, Bonanza Portfolio, suggests stocks with consistent history of paying high dividends such as Colgate-Palmolive, Hawkins Cookers, Emami, HDFC and Hindustan Uniliver.
Aggarwal of SMC says, "Emami and Godrej Industries are good options for retirement planning." Emami has a robust portfolio of more than 300 products and good operational track record. Godrej Industries is part of a leading business group that is seeing robust growth in all its verticals.
Emami has given 47% annualised return to investors in the past ten years. Godrej Industries, Hawkins Cooker, Hindustan Unilever, HDFC and Colgate Palmolive have returned 43.25%, 64.56%, 19.82%, 23.70% and 26.64% a year, respectively, during the period. All these companies also have a record of paying dividends regularly.
SADHANA GADRE / 65
Q: When did you retire?
Ans: 2009
Q: Do you invest in stocks and equity mutual funds?
Ans: Yes
Q: What percentage of your wealth is in equities?
Ans: I have around 10% exposure to stocks.
Q: Which stocks are you holding? When did you invest in them?
Ans: I trade regularly and book profit every three-six months. At present, I am holding ICICI Bank, Infosys, Tata Motors, Glenmark and Ranbaxy. I also have some money in gold ETFs and hybrid funds.
Q: How are your stock investments doing?
Ans: I started investing in stocks after retirement. In the beginning, I faced some challenges. Now, my overall portfolio is doing well and I am making profits. I don't invest more than Rs 2 lakh in shares.
Q: Who helps you in stock selection?
Ans: I do my own research. Sometimes, I take help from my daughter and nephew.
Q: Which other instruments are good for retirement planning?
Ans: Deposits with banks, mutual funds and insurance
NAGENDRA PRASAD / 72
Q: When did you retire?
Ans: 2002
Q: Do you invest in stocks?
Ans: Yes
Q: What percentage of your money is in equities?
Ans: I have 80% exposure to stocks and 20% to fixed deposits and national savings certificates.
Q: Which stocks do you hold? When did you invest in them?
Ans: I bought Unitech, IVRCL, HCC, Punj Lloyd, GVK, Lanco, Nagarjuna Constructions, JP Associates and PTC in 2008 and 2009.
Q: How are your investments doing?
Ans: At present, most of them are under pressure.
Q: How much should a person invest in stocks for retirement?
Ans: One must invest 10-15% funds in equities.
Q: Who advises you on stock investments?
Ans: My broker
Q: Why should people buy shares even after retirement?
Ans: For capital appreciation and regular dividends.
Q: Which other instruments are good for retirement planning?
Ans: Real estate, monthly income plans and fixed deposits.
Reproduced From Money Today. © Wed,01 Oct 2014. LMIL. All rights reserved.
 

11 ways to save time and money11 Ways to Save Time and Money
By Kimberly Palmer | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Tue 21 Oct, 2014 6:30 PM IST
>
Time versus money
Saving money so often comes with a different kind of price: your time. But with these strategies, culled from the U.S. News Frugal Shopper blog , you'll be able to save your cash and have more time to enjoy those savings, too.
Skip sales.
When retailers are loudly screaming at you (via advertisements) to visit their store and shop , you can just say, "no," and save yourself the price of those un-purchased items and the time of the visit. As Stefanie O'Connell, blogger at thebrokeandbeautifullife.com, points out, "just because something is on sale doesn't make it a good deal or worth buying."
Spend less time at the store.
Some shopping trips are necessary -- we all need groceries, after all -- but Karen Cordaway, blogger at MoneySavingEnthusiast.com, recommends getting in and out of stores as speedily as possible to avoid any temptations. Writing a list and sticking with it can help, she says.
Avoid high-priced extracurricular activities.
If you're a parent, then you probably already know how quickly the expense of extracurricular activities can add up. That's why O'Connell recommends skipping the pricey classes and instead look for equivalent offers at the local community center, public school or even community college.
Be aware of new scams.
Getting your identity hijacked can eat up hours of your time as you try to sort out the aftermath with various financial institutions and credit bureaus. To minimize your chances of that unpleasant experience, be especially wary of emails from strangers, advertisements for weight loss and solicitations for charities, warns Jon Lal, founder and CEO of BeFrugal.com.
Eat at home.
Not only do you spend a lot of money when you go out to eat, but the trip also takes up a significant amount of time: You have to travel to the restaurant, order and then eat. Instead, stay home and try Savings.com editor Susan Yoo-Lee's winter soups, meatless entrees or green juice recipes .
Plan ahead.
Whether you're thinking about birthdays or holiday gifts, planning ahead by writing a list of what you intend to buy can save you both money and time, partly because it prevents you from the dreaded double-purchase. A little organization can go a long way toward preventing waste.
Take advantage of your phone.
If you are going to coupon and price compare, as any shopper should, you can save yourself plenty of time and a headache by using an app that helps you track coupons and lowest prices, such as RetailMeNot and Brad's Deals. Amber Sager of Offers.com also suggests using your phone to park for less with apps like SpotHero and to save on gas with GasBuddy.
Schedule automatic payments.
Instead of wasting time writing and mailing out checks each month, set up automatic payments. That way, you can spend time on an activity you enjoy rather than stuffing envelopes -- and you can stop buying as many stamps, too.
Avoid waste.
Any time you buy something and don't use it, you're wasting your money as well the effort that went into the purchase. Cordaway suggests keeping waste to a minimum by using what you buy when it comes to groceries, clothing and anything else. On the food front, planning out meals in advance can help.
Use affordable subscription services.
Monthly subscription services like Birchbox and Stitch Fix are growing in popularity right now, and for good reason: For busy people who don't have time to shop, the products come right to their doorstep each month, and often with deep discounts attached. A variety of clothing subscription services exist for both men and women and different types of products, from snacks to technology, are popping up all the time.
Entertain yourself and your family for less.
With all this time you're saving, you might be able to devote more of it to fun. To keep your entertainment budget in check , take the advice of John Schmoll, founder of Frugal Rules, and enjoy local hikes, high school football nights and picnics.

How Doon School is embracing change to retain its exclusivityHow India's renowned Doon School is embracing change to retain its exclusivity
Ishani Duttagupta, ET Bureau Nov 2, 2014, 03.40AM IST
Tags:
Anupama Joshi
(To start with, along with…)
It's not uncommon for The Doon School to call upon eminent personalities — local and global — as chief guests for its annual Founder's Day programme. For instance, in 2010, the then President of India Pratibha Patil attended the function; and a year later, it was the Dalai Lama.
So, on October 18, when e-commerce entrepreneur Kunal Bahl, founder of Snapdeal, was guest of honour at the 79th Founder's Day, the message from India's most hallowed public school was crystal clear: don't look now, but we're changing — to keep up in a rapidly-evolving competitive environment.
That change on the picturesque and serene 70-acre Chandbagh Estate of The Doon School is an imperative for many reasons, as it grapples with some critical questions. Just one of them: is a niche boys' boarding school relevant at a time when co-education is the flavour of the day? Well, if it isn't, it needs to be, which explains why Doon is doing things it's never done before in its 79 years of existence — introducing new study programmes as well as encouraging gender diversity and widening the talent base for teachers.
"The administration of the school was looking at a decisive shift that will help us gain a global reputation, like many Indian companies or the IITs, and go where no secondary school from India had ever reached. Many peer group schools across the world were looked at in carrying out the process," explains Peter McLaughlin, the headmaster of The Doon School.
The Transition Begins...
To start wit
h, along with the Indian ICSE and ISC exams which are being followed, the system of International Baccalaureate is being offered to students as an option, points out McLaughlin, a PhD in history from London School of Economics. He was recruited through an international headhunt by executive search firm Heidrick & Struggles in 2009 to spearhead the transition.
Another significant change for the all-boys school has been in the area of hiring women — today it offers equal opportunities to men and women and even has lady teachers in the role of housemasters, who are in charge of the different boardings. A few years ago, the management hired retired Indian Air Force officer Anupama Joshi as director of personnel.
"The current development plan reaffirms the vision of the founders by grounding it in the 21st century. We need to provide academic excellence without any trade-off with the 'all-round' nature of education that the school is famous for. There are areas that we need to focus on with measurable outcomes," says Gautam Thapar, founder and chairman of Avantha Group, and an alumus of the Doon School. Thapar is currently chairman of the school's governing board. "In this role, I continue to strengthen governance and best practices on the board, have given back financially, helped raise funds and identified future leaders who will help guide the school," he adds.
If Thapar is as keen on not "trading off" any of Doon's virtues in its pursuit of change, that's because most old boys of Doon, or Doscos, have plenty to thank the school for. Snapdeal's Bahl may be one of the first start-up founders to be the chief guest on Founder's Day but, as Vivek Pandit, a Dosco and senior partner at McKinsey & Company, recollects, entrepreneurship wasn't exactly an alien phenomenon at Doon in the '70s and the '80s.
"While in Doon, I co-headed the school's tuckshop with my friend Vir Singh. We ordered ingredients, designed menus, priced them, cooked and served. After a few months, we renegotiated egg, bun, cold drink and potato costs, redesigned the menu, and kept it open 15 minutes longer to compete with the dining hall 'tea time'," recounts Pandit. Turning around the tuckshop from a loss-making venture into a profit machine would have been easily his first practical lesson in entrepreneurship.
 
...But Legacy Stands Out
To be sure, experts feel that the strong legacy of a Doon education still stands out and holds its own. "Increasingly there are aspirants for a high-quality education in nonmetro centres of India. Most of these centres do not have good quality schools. A place like Doon, which is not only high-quality but also residential, is a good bet," says Pramath Sinha, one of the founders of Ashoka University and founding dean of the Indian School of Business. He is also president of the board Welham Girls' School, another residential school in Dehra Dun.

Can economies like India  Singapore neglect ...How long can economies like India, Singapore disregard equal rights for LGBTs?
By Vikram Doctor, ET Bureau | 2 Nov, 2014, 03.52AM IST
As multinationals become quiet advocates of equal rights for LGBTs, how long will investment and technology-hungry economies like India and Singapore continue to disregard what leaders like Tim Cook are telling them?
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Apple chief executive Tim Cook's announcement that he is gay had no connection with the news from a few days before that Singapore's highest court had upheld the island state's ban on homosexuality. If there was any particular place Cook was looking to influence, it was probably his home state of Alabama where Cook could still be fired for being gay.
Just a few days before his announcement, he had rapped Alabama — while being inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor! — for its poor record on safeguarding the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people, which he said was like its historically poor record on racial issues. "We can't change the past, but we can learn from it, and we can create a different future," he said pointedly.
Anyone Listening?
These are words that Singapore might want to consider as well. Because innovative, high-tech and highly profitable businesses are what the country has staked its future on. And while there will be no immediate fallout from the court's decision, it isn't great for Singapore's long-term ability to attract the best talent that the chief executive of one of the world's most creative high-tech companies would be considered a criminal over there.
The same is true, of course, for India, which shares Singapore's desire to promote high-tech industries and the same British-era law on homosexuality which has been upheld by its highest court. But Singapore's official position on homosexuality is a bit more nuanced than the law suggests. The court verdict essentially says that the matter is one the legislature should decide and, unlike India where politicians show no desire to engage with the issue, the legislature did debate the issue back in 2007.
On that occasion, prime minister Lee Hsien Loong won with a speech which was a template for Singapore's approach to social issues. He said that they were open for anyone, including LGBT people to come and do business, and the law would not be enforced, but they shouldn't ask for its removal and shouldn't ask for rights. He acknowledged this was a messy solution, but felt that firmly resolving it would be divisive: "It works. Don't disturb it." Lee's justification for a solution that left one side as unapprehended criminals was that only 'activists' — clearly a bad word in Singapore — were unhappy with the status quo. They were like the hippies of the '60s whose radical push for change, he said, led to later decades of broken families and a weakened society. Activists, he implied, were flamboyant and unsettling and caused an adverse reaction from people, so if LGBT people faced problems it was their fault. The speech made victimblaming a rationale for policy.
This argument has been taken up by others with much more toxic intent. For all the problems of legally sanctioned prejudices and empowered blackmail and abuse, LGBT people can still work and have discreetly open lives in Singapore, as Lee promised. But places like Russia — where one politician said Cook should be banned since he would bring "AIDS and gonorrhea" — have passed highly homophobic policies and condoned violent attacks on LGBT people using much the same justification; that they are not against them, but against those proselytising, provocative activists.
Ain't No Activist
But this is where Cook's coming out really poses a problem. He is hardly the kind of 'activist' these homophobes target. Quite apart from being head of Apple , Cook is known for his dour devotion to cost-cutting and efficiency and extremely modest lifestyle. In his coming out essay, he wrote that he doesn't consider himself an activist, but just someone unashamed of who he is and who has "had the good fortune to work at a company that loves creativity and innovation and knows it can only flourish when your embrace people's differences."
This may not cut much ice in the commodity-fuelled kleptocracy that Russia is today, but it will make uncomfortable reading for Lee who, in that same speech which advocated restraint on social issues, also said that Singapore behave the opposite on business and technology issues, taking risks to remain ahead of the curve. So what does Singapore do when business and social issues are explicitly linked, and the person making the link is the sort of modest, efficiency-focussed executive who could be a model Singapore citizen?
The same question must be asked in India. LGBT people here have been framed by opponents as outlandish, depraved and so out of the mainstream that their rights can be disregarded — and it is the shame of our Supreme Court that it upheld this view. Yet, increasingly it is those who make the charges whose motives and arguments seem suspect, while LGBT people appear to have reason and sobriety on their side.
Businesses clearly agree with this, which is why many multinationals, particularly in the cuttingedge technology area, have become quiet advocates for equal rights. How long will governments like those of Singapore and India that claim to value this area continue to disregard what its leaders, like Tim Cook , are telling them?

Our World Is Mesmerizing On The Micro Level  And These 20 Photos Prove Itreddit
You've never seen a spider, a caterpillar, or even a DVD reader quite like this before.
The winning photos this year in Nikon's annual Small World Photomicrography Competition offer a very up-close look at these three things and many others--and they're absolutely beautiful.
The annual competition, which is celebrating its 40th year, showcases some of the best microphotography from around the world. This year, more than 1,200 entries from at least 79 countries were vying for top honors. The entries were judged by biologist Dr. Paul Maddox, Slate science editor Laura Helmuth, and Popular Science's online director Dave Mosher .
Which photo took first place? Panama resident Rogelio Moreno's image of a rotifer's open mouth. Rotifers are sometimes called microscopic "wheel" animals and are commonly found in freshwater.
Check out the top 20 winning photos below.
1
1st Place: Mr. Rogelio Moreno Panama, Panama. Rotifer showing the mouth interior and heart shaped corona. Differential Interference Contrast 40X
2
2nd Place: Mr. Alessandro Da Mommio Dipartimento di Scienze della Terra, Università di Pisa Pisa, Italy. Rhombohedral cleavage in calcite crystal. Crossed Polars 10X
3
3rd Place: Noah Fram-Schwartz Greenwich, Connecticut, USA. Jumping Spider Eyes. Reflected Light 20X
4
4th Place: Ms. Karin Panser Institute of Molecular Pathology I.M.P. Vienna, Austria. Caterpillar proleg with circle of gripping hooks in red. Confocal, Autofluorescence 20X
5
5th Place: Dr. Muthugapatti K. Kandasamy Biomedical Microscopy Core, University of Georgia Athens, Georgia, USA. Bovine pulmonary artery endothelial cells stained for actin (pink), mitochondria (green) and DNA (yellow). Super Resolution Microscopy 0X
6
6th Place: Dr. Douglas Brumley Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA. Active fluid flow around P. damicornis (coral polyp). Fluorescence, Autofluorescence 4X
7
7th Place: Mr. Dennis Hinks Cleveland, Ohio, USA. Circuitry in DVD reader. Cross-polarized microscopy 100X
8
8th Place: Dr. Igor Robert Siwanowicz Janelia Farm Research Campus, Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) Ashburn, Virginia, USA. Appendages of a common brine shrimp. Confocal 100X
9
9th Place: Ms. Meritxell Vendrell Servei de Microscòpia, Universitat Autònoma Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. Parsley (Petroselinum crispum) ovary fixed and stained to show lectins (red) and nuclei (blue). Confocal laser scanning microscopy 63X
10
10th Place: Dr. Paul Joseph Rigby CMCA, The University of Western Australia Crawley, Western Australia, Australia. Daisy petal with fungal infection and pollen grains, whole mount, unstained. Confocal autofluorescence  10X
11
11th Place: Mr. Stefano Barone Cremona, Italy. House cricket's tongue (Acheta domesticus). Rheinberg illumination (Dark field with interference filter) 25X
12
12th Place: Mr. Douglas Moore University Relations and Communications, University of Wisconsin - Stevens Point Stevens Point, Wisconsin, USA. Montana Dryhead agate, unpolished. Axial lighting was provided by Leeds fiberoptic illuminators 50X
13
13th Place: Mr. Charles Krebs Charles Krebs Photography Issaquah, Washington, USA. Conochilus unicornis (rotifer), actively feeding. This rotifer species forms a free floating spherical colony. Differential Interference Contrast 417X
14
14th Place: Dr. Ali Erturk Munich, Germany. Mouse brain vasculature. Light-sheet fluorescent microscopy 2X
15
15th Place: Mr. Charles Krebs Charles Krebs Photography Issaquah, Washington, USA. Chrysochroa buqueti (jewel beetle) carapace, near eye. Diffused, Reflected Illumination 45X
16
16th Place: Dr. Nils Lindstrom Developmental Biology, The Roslin Institute Edinburgh, Scotland, UK. Three transgenic kidneys cultured together, showing colliding branching collecting duct systems. Confocal 20X
17
17th Place: Mr. Rogelio Moreno Panama, Panama. Pleurotaenium ovatum (micro algae). Polarized Light, Lambda Plate 40X
18
18th Place: Mr. Jens H. Petersen MycoKey Ebeltoft, Denmark. Anagallis arvensis (scarlet pimpernel). Macroscopy 80X
19
19th Place: Dr. Sabrina Kaul University of Vienna Vienna, Austria. Larval stage of the acorn worm Balanoglossus misakiensis, dorsal view, showing cell borders, muscles and apical eye spots. Confocal 10X
20
20th Place: Dr. Dylan T. Burnette Vanderbilt University School of Medicine Nashville, Tennessee, USA. A crawling bone cancer (osteosarcoma) cell showing actin filament bundles in the lamella. Structured Illumination Microscopy 8000X
Also on HuffPost:

Build Strong Relationshipsreddit
"Leadership is always dependent on the context, but the context is established by the relationships we value." -- Margaret Wheatley
Many people think that they were promoted to leadership positions because they are smarter, better equipped and / or more capable than their peers. They assume that others look to them for guidance and eagerly await their every direction. While that may be true to a degree, leaders need to know that they won't last very long unless they get to know and respect their people.
The process of connecting with your professional team begins with becoming acquainted with them as individuals. Try to learn and understand their strengths and their goals, professional as well as personal. What are they passionate about? What are their concerns? People appreciate when you take an honest interest in then and demonstrate care. They also love it when you can identify specific qualities and behaviors that make them special.
I remember once sitting around the table with my faculty advisory committee. The committee consisted of four teachers from different grade levels and disciplines in the school and was designed to offer me feedback on various programs and change initiatives as well as be my ears on the ground. At one point the conversation moved to hand written thank you notes that I had penned for each staff member over the summer and left for them on the first day of teacher meetings. The text was largely the same for each note, with one unique line for every staff member that highlighted a personal quality. It read: "I really appreciate the way that you..." and would focus on something like a teacher's passion, creativity, contribution to the team, etc.
One committee member was young and relatively quiet within the group. At one point in the conversation, the topic of the notes came up. She commented on how much the note that she received meant to her. She had posted it on the wall above her desk and looked at it often for inspiration.
There are a number of ways for you to form a more personal relationship with your people. One is to schedule one-to-one meetings in your office. You can also drop in at their workspace for an impromptu chat or even make up to go offsite together. I personally prefer the latter two options because they even out the playing field between you and your reports. Both also offer unique opportunities for the new boss. If you talk in their office or at their cubicle, perhaps you can use that opportunity to notice something special there, such as pictures that your coworker has displayed, an inspirational quote, or some cute collectibles on her desk. These could serve as interesting conversation builders and also give you valuable insights to tuck away for a later time. Meeting offsite offers a change of pace as well as more focused conversation, far removed from the office hubbub.
Once you have succeeded in developing positive professional relationships, it is more likely that people within the organization will candidly update you on internal developments, warn you about potential challenges or landmines, and even tolerate your mistakes more willingly. This can be very valuable, particularly at the beginning of your tenure.
* * * * *
During your first few weeks on the job you also want to learn about the culture in which your new personnel have been operating. Take your time to study the history of the staff and important traditions, symbols, and events that hold meaning for them. Perhaps you can even identify an "official chronicler" that has been around for a while and possesses a balanced, informed view of the organization's history and cultural development. Such a person can be a tremendous resource as you seek to understand existing mindsets and behaviors. He can also offer perspective when you are ready to consider new ideas and want to get safe feedback.
Once you understand the culture, seek to embrace it and become part of it, even if it feels a bit awkward at times. One of the hardest cultural components for me during my tenure as Head of School was morning lineup. My predecessor had a unique routine that he used for years to kick off lineup; it had become part of the school fabric. For me, the practice was strange and awkward but I knew better than to try to mess with it. For years I followed that time-honored tradition exactly as I had inherited it and did the best that I could to roll with it every day, with maximal energy and engagement.
Transitioning into a new leadership position can be challenging, especially as parties get to know one another and begin to work regularly with one another. Leaders can accelerate this relational learning curve by actively seeking to get to know other their coworkers and what makes them tick.
Naphtali Hoff ( @impactfulcoach ) served as an educator and school administrator for over 15 years before becoming an executive coach and consultant. Read his blog at impactfulcoaching.com/blog .
Follow Naphtali Hoff on Twitter: www.twitter.com/impactfulcoach
More:

Appointment of eight public sector bank CMDs by month-end: SandhuThe Hindu G. S. Sandhu
TOPICS
banking
After scrapping the selection of public sector bank (PSB) heads made during the previous government’s tenure, the Narendra Modi-led government will begin a fresh selection process, and is hopeful of finalising the candidates for eight PSBs within this month.
A panel, headed by RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, would hold interviews on November 13 and November 14, Financial Services Secretary G. S. Sandhu said here on Friday. “Appointments in these eight positions will be hopefully over by November end,” he added.
Other members of the interview panel would include RBI Deputy Governor, Department of Financial Services Secretary and a few external members. The name of the candidates, once short-listed, would be sent to the Appointments Committee of Cabinet (ACC).
The vacancies include heads of Bank of Baroda, Canara Bank, IOB, Oriental Bank of Commerce, United Bank, Punjab National Bank and Syndicate Bank.

With Project Ara  Google wants to rule the smartphone market. This is howProject Ara
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 2, 2014 6:34 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 7:40 am
If Google has its way, the world would in a few years be buying parts of their smartphone as they do with apps at the moment.
ALSO READ: Are you ready to assemble your own phone?
No wonder the search and advertising giant, which seems to be nurturing device ambitions of late calls its Project Ara the hardware version of Android. Like with Android, Mountain View wants to keep a grip on this open source project and will itself build and sell the frame which forms the base of the new modular phone.It wants developers to create the modules that will go it. This could be a keyboard module, a long life battery or a zoom lens. The possibilities are so mind boggling that it could change the way we use smartphones.
In the ideal Ara scenario, the smartphone will be able to adapt to very specific requirements of the user like adding multiple battery modules for a camping trip with multiple lens options. While it is a win-win for consumers it could sound the death knell for a lot of Google’s present day device partners. Who would want to buy a hard framed phone when they could pick and choose what they want, at affordable price points. Google’s challenge on the other hand would be to keep the prices under control.
The developers won’t have scale and the economies that come with it. At least not initially. There wouldn’t be any taker for the ambitious project if the modules end up more expensive that a regular smartphone. To start with, project head Paul Eremenko says he want to keep the cost of the frame under $50. But he accepts that putting a price on one of these phones is still a long way off.
If the concept catches the world’s fancy you might see some large smartphone manufacturers of today being relegated to becoming module makers. By the way selling BlackBerry keyboards or Nokia cameras for an Android phone might be a business idea whose time has come.
 

Traders get bearish on goldTraders get bearish on gold
How e-tailers benefitted from buzz around ...Amazon
(What did people buy online…)
October was a good month for Flipkart, despite the controversy surrounding its Big Billion Day sale. The e-commerce company clocked over 8 million shipments last month; 3 million more than its usual 5 million shipments a month. Also, it added 2 million registered users in October, taking the total number to 28 million. Average visits to the portal shot up to 10 million from 6 million in September.
Now, here's a quick guessing game. What did people buy online during this festive season? Clothes? Electronics goods? Mobile phones? If these were your guesses, you are probably right. But that's not all what they purchased. They also bought packets of Kanpur's famous Thaggu ke Laddus, Lonavala chikki and Agra's famous pan pethas and other sweets online, according to Radhika Ghai Aggarwal, co-founder and chief marketing officer of ShopClues.com , an online marketplace on which 75,000 merchants from all over India sell 10.5 million products.
Rooted to Local Needs
"Unlike the big players (like Flipkart and Snapdeal), which are more like malls and focus on big-ticket items like electronic goods, we are more like a typical Indian marketplace," says Aggarwal. So, during Diwali, the portal sold everything from disco Diwali lights to local sweets to gifting items like silver coins embedded with images of Ganesha and Lakshmi . And the bestseller was? "A gold-plated set of playing cards," says Aggarwal.
Overall, ShopClues saw orders peaking to about 1,30,000 per month in September and October from about 75,000 per month during the rest of the year. Some 70% of ShopClues' orders come from Tier II and III cities. As a result, the buying patterns are also different. For instance, one of the topselling cellphone models on the portal is a brand called Josh, a dual-SIM handset that costs Rs 999.
Selling as much local merchandise as possible seems to the mantra for other e-tailers too. Paytm, a two-and-a-half-year-old Noida based start-up, started as a portal offering mobile recharging and facilitating utility bill payments. Soon, the company realized that customers had spare cash lying around in their online wallets, which it calls Paytm Cash. The sums varied between Rs 400 and Rs 700. So, Paytm started selling other stuff: jeans, t-shirts and USBs, among others. "During Diwali, we introduced local sweets, which did pretty well. We also sold lights and some seasonal clothing like ghagra cholis. USB sales also went up," says Pratyush Prasanna, vice-president at Paytm. The portal has 20 million registered users and six lakh orders a day.
Furniture e-tailer Pepperfry launched its first ever television commercial in late September to coincide with the festive season. Pepperfry chief executive Ambareesh Murty says business is up 70% month on month. "In general, during the second half of the year, people tend to buy more of everything from home furnishing to FMCG goods. There is a positive attitude towards consumption," says Murty. "People spend more on their homes — from getting them painted to buying new furniture. In October, our business has gone through the roof," he adds.
A Mixed Bag for Some
For some, the festive season is a mixed bag. Take Mumbai-based grocery e-tailer Local-Banya, for instance. "People tend to travel during this time and take a few days off. As a result, some amount of grocery shopping comes down," says Amit Bhartiya, cofounder of LocalBanya . "At the same time, there is an uptick in gifting-related shopping. The ease of online shopping makes the process of shopping for gifts, especially sweet or chocolate hampers, a lot easier," adds Bhartiya.
Lingerie e-tailer Zivame's sales peak in February, around Valentine's Day. But Diwali brings its own joy. "The category does well all year round but there is a spike around the festive season as people usually tend to buy apparel," says Richa Kar , cofounder and chief executive of Zivame.com , adding that sales are up 40% this season.
Founders of such niche verticals have a special 'thank you' for the big boys of ecommerce. "Thanks to some of the big advertising spends of large e-tailers, consumer awareness and willingness to shop online has increased. It has helped everybody that the likes of Amazon , Flipkart and Snapdeal of the world spend as much as they have in publicity," says a founder of an e-commerce vertical who preferred to be off-record on this one. Over to the next Big Billion Day sale.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Can Maharashtra s new CM Devendra Fadnavis rejuvenate MumbaiYou are here: Home > Collections > Infrastructure
Maharashtra's new CM Devendra Fadnavis should focus on improving Mumbai's ageing infrastructure
TV Mahalingam, ET Bureau Nov 2, 2014, 04.53AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Experts say putting public…)
Mumbai has been flattered only to be deceived before. Not once, but several times. In November 2006, after a meeting with Chinese premier Hu Jintao, the then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh declared his intention to make Mumbai a sparkling financial hub like Shanghai. Almost eight years later, Mumbai is, well, like Mumbai — a thriving financial hub with ageing infrastructure.
That's not to say that nothing has changed. In the past two years, a slew of infrastructure projects was commissioned in the city. Mumbai got a monorail, a Metro line, a bunch of flyovers, a serpentine freeway which connects the eastern suburbs, a new airport terminal, to name a few projects. But, the problem is that this simply isn't enough.
For instance, Mumbai managed to build 11.4 km of Metro line in six years while Delhi adds more length of Metro track than that in a year. Most of these projects were also delayed.
Simply put, Mumbai's infrastructure has struggled to stay apace with its growth or its citizen's aspirations. But a new government led by a "clean" 44-year old chief minister Devendra Fadnavis — who was sworn in on Friday — is raising some hope about the city's future. One thing most people expect to happen is a boost to the city's infrastructure.
High Hopes
"There is a majority BJP-led government in Delhi and now with a strong BJP government in Mumbai, we are hoping that things will move as the pressures of coalition politics will reduce," says Narinder Nayar, chairman of Bombay First, a body working with the Maharashtra government and local bodies to better the city's cause. There have been some auspicious signs already.
The Centre has shown intent to open up large, unused parcels of prime land held by the Mumbai Port Trust, a longstanding demand of planners who believe the land if used productively would change the very landscape of the city. The Mumbai Port Trust is sitting on 1,800 acres, large portions of which are unutilized.
"We can have affordable housing, a marina, a seaport, a convention centre. The possibilities are limitless. The first thing we need to do is to draw up an economic plan for the redevelopment of the area," says Nayar, who is a part of the panel set up by the government to look into the Port Trust Land redevelopment. So, what should the government's focus be? A good place to start would be change the way the state approaches urban planning. "Planning has to be more ground up.
There is talk of building flyovers and coastal roads. Basically, the focus has been around building large infrastructure projects," says Milind Mhaske, director of Praja Foundation, a Mumbai-based NGO working on city-related civic issues.
  Focus On Common Man
"The focus should be on providing better footpaths and improving public transport like implementing a BRTS [Bus Rapid Transit System] network and improving the railway network rather than focusing on coastal roads which will benefit the car users who form a very small part of the city's population," adds Mhaske. He also believes that the free port trust land should be used to provide affordable housing stock in the city. Almost half of Mumbai's population lives in slums.
That line of thinking — putting public transportation over big, expensive flyovers and coastal roads — seems to be gaining currency. Gulam Zia, executive director of real estate consultancy Knight Frank, picks three things the government should look at on a priority basis. "One, fix public transport. Be it an elevated railway corridor or commissioning the next two lines of the Metro at the earliest...will be crucial," he adds.
The second priority should be to put traffic regulations in place. "There has been talk of increasing fines for rash driving etc but these things need to be implemented," says Zia. The third priority should be improving connectivity on the western suburbs of the city, now that the eastern connectivity has improved.
Mumbai's grand plans for infrastructure development have been scuttled in the past, largely due to one missing link: political will. "When the Andhra Pradesh government decided to widen roads in Hyderabad, they started by demolishing the bungalows of the rich and famous in the posh locality, Banjara Hills," says Zia.
In contrast, a flyover planned over the posh area of Peddar Road has been long delayed because of objections from South Mumbai cityslickers. "The government can make a case that it's serious about infrastructure development by starting there," adds Zia, who also believes that the port trust land is a great opportunity for creating affordable housing stock.
Mumbai's obstacles to infrastructure are well chronicled: 17 agencies that handle infrastructure development, the lack of political leadership and a failure of urban planning. In an interview with ToI after being sworn in as Maharashtra CM, Fadnavis said fixing the transportation system and the affordable housing problem were among his priorities. Can he deliver?
FEATURED ARTICLES

Deliberate or a glitch Twitter in suspensio...Twitter users find several accounts suspended for unknown reasons
By Vasudha Venugopal , ET Bureau | 2 Nov, 2014, 05.13AM IST
Twitter users woke up to find several accounts suspended for unknown reasons, triggering conspiracy theories that only the accounts of right-wing supporters had been targeted. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Twitter users woke up on Saturday to find several accounts suspended for unknown reasons, triggering conspiracy theories that only the accounts of right-wing supporters had been targeted.
While it was said to have resulted from a technical glitch that suspended random accounts, several tweeters said there was a pattern to the suspension because 'suspended users' were asked to change their behaviour to be able to continue using the micro-blogging site. But by afternoon it was clear that many accounts, irrespective of their posts, had been suspended for a few hours. All suspended accounts were restored by afternoon.
A message sent out to a tweeter whose account was suspended read, "Twitter has automated systems that find and remove multiple automated spam accounts in bulk.
Unfortunately, your account got caught in one of these spam groups by mistake." Twitter also apologised for the inconvenience but added, "It is possible your account posted an update that appeared to be spam, so please be careful what you tweet... You will need to change your behaviour to continue using Twitter. Repeat violations of the Twitter rules may result in the permanent suspension of your account."
This triggered outrage among the Twitteratti who called it internet policing. There was humour too, with a tweeter posting, "In the Twitter canteen you never get chicken wings in pairs because the right wing is blocked."
Twitter officials said there was no deliberate blocking of accounts and that the incident was an accident as part of spam cleaning process. Pranesh Prakash, policy director, Centre for Internet and Society, said though there have been instances of 'privatisation of censorship' in the recent past, this incident did not look like one such attempt. "It doesn't look deliberate especially because even accounts such as eBay India were suspended."

Commercial space travel fascinates Elon Musk  Paul Allen  and Jeff BezosAmazon.com
NEW YORK: Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic company is reeling from the loss of SpaceShipTwo, which crashed in California's Mojave desert on Friday, killing one of its pilots and seriously injuring the other. Branson, a billionaire business mogul whose Virgin group of companies have ranged from music to airlines to mobile phones, founded Virgin Galactic ten years ago with the aim of offering flights to the edge of space for anyone who could pay the $250,000 price tag. The future of Virgin's commercial suborbital flight program is unclear in the wake of the tragic accident.
The 64-year-old Branson is not the only businessman in the space trade. Historically space and aviation have been a point of fascination for moguls who have made their fortune and want to accomplish something bigger. Eccentric millionaire Howard Hughes , who made his name in the film business in the 1920s and 1930s, fixated on aerospace and aviation and built innovative airplanes and set air-speed flying records. And James Lick, a real estate tycoon, spent a fortune building a state-of-the-art telescope and observatory in 1876 in San Jose, California.
Today, the concept of space travel has proved an irresistible allure for many entrepreneurs who've made it in the tech world, and they have been spurred on by NASA's increasing reliance on private companies to conduct space missions. The industry has been rocked by SpaceShipTwo's crash coming just days after the explosion of an Orbital Sciences Corp. commercial supply rocket bound for the International Space Station. But the race for commercial space travel continues. Here's a look at the major tech titans leading the way:
ELON MUSK
The 43-year-old co-founder of PayPal and head of Tesla Motors launched Space Exploration Technologies Corp. in 2002 with the ultimate goal of developing the technology to allow humans to live on other planets. SpaceX, as it is known, designs, makes and launches advanced rockets and spacecraft. In 2012, NASA hired SpaceX to deliver cargo and eventually astronauts to the International Space Station. The company's spacecraft have since made five trips to the International Space Station and back, including four official resupply missions. The Hawthorne, California company has over 3,000 employees and operates three spacecraft: Dragon, Falcon Heavy and Falcon 8. Its Dragon spacecraft is expected to begin manned missions in the next two to three years.
JEFF BEZOS
The 50-year-old co-founder of Amazon.com Inc. started Blue Origin in Kent, Washington state, in 2000 to develop technology to make human access to space easier. It is currently focused on developing rocket-powered vertical takeoff and landing vehicles for access to the edge of space and beyond. As of 2012 Blue Origin had received $22 million from NASA. Its crew and cargo vehicle, called New Shepard, is designed to eventually take tourists to suborbit. Last month, United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Lockheed Martin Corp. and Boeing Co. that launches unmanned rockets, picked Blue Origin to develop a rocket engine that could eventually replace the Russian rocket engine used in many American unmanned launches.
PAUL ALLEN
The Microsoft Corp. co-founder teamed with aerospace pioneer Burt Rutan in 2004 on the experimental SpaceShipOne, which was launched from a special aircraft. It became the first privately financed, manned spacecraft to dash into space and later won the $10 million Ansari X Prize for accomplishing the feat twice in two weeks. More recently, the 61-year-old's Stratolaunch Systems, based in Hunstville, Alabama, is developing the world's biggest plane to help launch cargo and astronauts into space. Called Thunderbolt , it is tentatively scheduled to launch in 2018. Stratolaunch is working with Orbital Sciences and Rutan's Scaled Composites. SpaceShipTwo was piloted by Scaled Composites, under contract with Virgin Galactic, during this week's fatal crash.
JEFF GREASON
The rocket scientist and former Intel Corp. employee founded XCOR Aerospace in 1989. XCOR also is pursuing space tourism and hopes to conduct flight tests for its Lynx spaceship beginning in 2015. In September, XCOR was partner to the Federal Aviation Administration approving a commercial space launch license for Midland International Airport in Texas, where XCOR operates a research and development center. The 50-employee company is based at Mojave Air and Spaceport in Southern California and has built 13 different rocket engines and built and flown two manned rocket-powered aircraft _ the EZ-Rocket and the X-Racer. Greason has served on the U.S. Human Space Flight Plans Committee.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Doon School is embracing changeHow India's renowned Doon School is embracing change to retain its exclusivity
Ishani Duttagupta, ET Bureau Nov 2, 2014, 03.40AM IST
Tags:
Anupama Joshi
(To start with, along with…)
It's not uncommon for The Doon School to call upon eminent personalities — local and global — as chief guests for its annual Founder's Day programme. For instance, in 2010, the then President of India Pratibha Patil attended the function; and a year later, it was the Dalai Lama.
So, on October 18, when e-commerce entrepreneur Kunal Bahl, founder of Snapdeal, was guest of honour at the 79th Founder's Day, the message from India's most hallowed public school was crystal clear: don't look now, but we're changing — to keep up in a rapidly-evolving competitive environment.
That change on the picturesque and serene 70-acre Chandbagh Estate of The Doon School is an imperative for many reasons, as it grapples with some critical questions. Just one of them: is a niche boys' boarding school relevant at a time when co-education is the flavour of the day? Well, if it isn't, it needs to be, which explains why Doon is doing things it's never done before in its 79 years of existence — introducing new study programmes as well as encouraging gender diversity and widening the talent base for teachers.
"The administration of the school was looking at a decisive shift that will help us gain a global reputation, like many Indian companies or the IITs, and go where no secondary school from India had ever reached. Many peer group schools across the world were looked at in carrying out the process," explains Peter McLaughlin, the headmaster of The Doon School.
The Transition Begins...
To start wit
h, along with the Indian ICSE and ISC exams which are being followed, the system of International Baccalaureate is being offered to students as an option, points out McLaughlin, a PhD in history from London School of Economics. He was recruited through an international headhunt by executive search firm Heidrick & Struggles in 2009 to spearhead the transition.
Another significant change for the all-boys school has been in the area of hiring women — today it offers equal opportunities to men and women and even has lady teachers in the role of housemasters, who are in charge of the different boardings. A few years ago, the management hired retired Indian Air Force officer Anupama Joshi as director of personnel.
"The current development plan reaffirms the vision of the founders by grounding it in the 21st century. We need to provide academic excellence without any trade-off with the 'all-round' nature of education that the school is famous for. There are areas that we need to focus on with measurable outcomes," says Gautam Thapar, founder and chairman of Avantha Group, and an alumus of the Doon School. Thapar is currently chairman of the school's governing board. "In this role, I continue to strengthen governance and best practices on the board, have given back financially, helped raise funds and identified future leaders who will help guide the school," he adds.
If Thapar is as keen on not "trading off" any of Doon's virtues in its pursuit of change, that's because most old boys of Doon, or Doscos, have plenty to thank the school for. Snapdeal's Bahl may be one of the first start-up founders to be the chief guest on Founder's Day but, as Vivek Pandit, a Dosco and senior partner at McKinsey & Company, recollects, entrepreneurship wasn't exactly an alien phenomenon at Doon in the '70s and the '80s.
"While in Doon, I co-headed the school's tuckshop with my friend Vir Singh. We ordered ingredients, designed menus, priced them, cooked and served. After a few months, we renegotiated egg, bun, cold drink and potato costs, redesigned the menu, and kept it open 15 minutes longer to compete with the dining hall 'tea time'," recounts Pandit. Turning around the tuckshop from a loss-making venture into a profit machine would have been easily his first practical lesson in entrepreneurship.
 
...But Legacy Stands Out
To be sure, experts feel that the strong legacy of a Doon education still stands out and holds its own. "Increasingly there are aspirants for a high-quality education in nonmetro centres of India. Most of these centres do not have good quality schools. A place like Doon, which is not only high-quality but also residential, is a good bet," says Pramath Sinha, one of the founders of Ashoka University and founding dean of the Indian School of Business. He is also president of the board Welham Girls' School, another residential school in Dehra Dun.

After Nurse Defied Voluntary Ebola Quarantine  Maine Asks Court To Isolate HerAfter Nurse Defied Voluntary Ebola Quarantine, Maine Asks Court To Restrict Her Movements
Posted:
reddit
FORT KENT, Maine (AP) — A Maine judge has rejected a bid by state health officials to restrict the movement of nurse Kaci Hickox, who defied a quarantine for medical workers who have treated Ebola patients.
Judge Charles C. LaVerdiere ruled Friday that she should continue daily monitoring and coordinate travel with state officials so monitoring can continue. But, because she's not showing symptoms, the judge says she's not infectious.
The state went to court Thursday to impose restrictions until the 21-day incubation period for Ebola ends on Nov. 10.
Hickox, who treated Ebola patients in Sierra Leone, contended confinement at her home in northern Maine violated her rights.
She also contended it's not necessary because she poses no risk. She defied the state's voluntary quarantine by holding a news conference and going for a bike ride.
THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS UPDATE. Check back soon for further information. AP's earlier story is below.
Maine health officials obtained a 24-hour court order restricting Kaci Hickox's movement after the nurse repeatedly defied the state's quarantine for medical workers who have treated Ebola patients.
A judge granted the order Thursday limiting Hickox's travel, requiring a three-foot buffer if she encounters people, and banning her from public places until there's a further decision Friday.
The state went to court Thursday, following through with a threat to try to impose restrictions on her until the 21-day incubation period for Ebola ends on Nov. 10. In court documents, the judge indicated further action was anticipated Friday.
Police were under orders to monitor the movements of the nurse who twice left home, once to talk to reporters Wednesday and again for a bike ride with her boyfriend on Thursday.
A state police cruiser remained outside her home Friday. Fort Kent Police Chief Tom Pelletier went inside the home briefly Friday morning and said afterward, "We just had a good conversation." He said he was not there to arrest or detain her.
The legal action is shaping up as the nation's biggest test case yet in the struggle to balance public health and fear of Ebola against personal freedom.
In a court filing, the director of the Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention backed away from the state's original request for an in-home quarantine and called for restrictions that fall in line with federal guidelines.
Hickox remains at risk of being infected with Ebola until the end of a 21-day incubation period, Dr. Sheila Pinette.
"It is my opinion that the respondent should be subjected to an appropriate public health order for mandatory direct active monitoring and restrictions on movement as soon as possible and until the end of the incubation period ... to protect the public health and safety," she wrote.
Hickox, who treated Ebola patients in Sierra Leone, says confinement violates her rights. She says that she has no symptoms and poses no risk to the public.
Hickox, 33, stepped into the media glare when she returned from treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone to become subject to a mandatory quarantine in New Jersey. After being released from a hospital there, she returned to this small town, where she was placed under what Maine authorities called a voluntary quarantine.
She said she is following the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommendation of daily monitoring for fever and other signs of the disease.
"I'm not willing to stand here and let my civil rights be violated when it's not science-based," she said Wednesday evening.
Some states like Maine are going above and beyond the CDC guidelines to require quarantines. So is the U.S military.
President Barack Obama, the nation's top infectious-disease expert and humanitarian groups have warned that overly restrictive measures could cripple the fight against the disease at its source by discouraging volunteers like Hickox from going to West Africa, where the outbreak has sickened more than 13,000 people and killed nearly 5,000 of them.
"These kinds of restrictions could dissuade hundreds, if not thousands, of skilled volunteers from helping stop Ebola's spread, which is in the national interest of every one of our countries," Samantha Power, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said Thursday in Brussels.
___
Associated Press writer David Sharp in Portland, Maine, contributed to this report.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Also on HuffPost:

BCCI demands massive settlement from WICBMore
BCCI demands $42m in damages from WICB
Scheduled to play five ODIs, a Twenty20 and three Tests, the West Indies players pulled out of the series after the fourth ODI in Dharamsala on October 17.
By Nagraj Gollapudi | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 1 Nov, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Calling West Indies' pull-out midway into the India tour a "monumental disaster", the BCCI has slapped a US$41.97m damages claim on the WICB. The BCCI also suspended bilateral relations with the WICB till the dispute was resolved, and threatened legal action if the West Indies board didn't respond within 15 days.
Scheduled to play five ODIs, a Twenty20 and three Tests, the West Indies players pulled out of the series after the fourth ODI in Dharamsala on October 17. They cited the failure of West Indies Players' Association (WIPA) and WICB to respond convincingly to their questions related to the memorandum of understanding and collective bargaining agreement signed by the two parties in September.
The damages claim made by the BCCI against the WICB could bring the West Indies down to its knees. (BCCI Photo …In a a stern four-page letter addressed to WICB president Dave Cameron, a copy of which is in possession of ESPNcricinfo, BCCI secretary Sanjay Patel on Friday indicated that if the WICB failed to respond within 15 days about how it intended to compensate the losses in "acceptable terms", the BCCI would initiate legal proceedings. "Pending resolutions of all disputes the BCCI suspends all bilateral cricketing relations with the WICB," Patel's letter stated.
Patel's missive arrived even as Cameron and senior WICB officials were engaged in meetings with players and WIPA in Trinidad to resolve the dispute. The meeting was facilitated by Prime Minister of St Vincent, Ralph Gonsalves, who helped resolve the dispute between Chris Gayle and the WICB three years ago.
As soon as Dwayne Bravo , the West Indies ODI captain, said that the players would be forced to take extreme steps unless they got clear answers from WIPA and WICB regarding the new MoU/CBE, Patel said the BCCI understood the seriousness of the issue and attempted to avert the debacle.
Patel pointed out that Bravo and his team-mates continued to play till the fourth ODI only because of the intervention by him and the other senior BCCI officials.
Patel stressed that the consequences of the West Indies pullout were "multi-fold and crippling" to the Indian board. "The BCCI is faced with huge revenue losses, a loss of reputation and is at risk of losing valuable commercial partners," Patel wrote. "The consequences of cancellation of a committed home Tour during the biggest festival season Diwali in India is a monumental disaster for the BCCI. It is during this season that our partners derive the most value from their rights.
"Our broadcaster had committed to its advertisers during this season and on account of your actions, is facing a severe crisis the effects of which are felt by the BCCI. The BCCI holds the WICB responsible and liable for all such consequences and intends to enforce its rights to seek compensation from the WICB to the fullest extent permissible in law."
Patel demanded a written assurance from the WICB explaining how it intended to pay damages claimed by BCCI and warned a failure would mean further sanctions. "In the event the BCCI does not receive such a proposal in acceptable terms, within a period of 15 days from receipt of this letter, please note that the BCCI has peremptorily instructed
its attorneys to initiate steps for recovery of the losses by filing appropriate legal proceedings against the WICB in the appropriate Indian Court and you may treat this notice as a formal demand in that regard."
Although SLC has helped fill in the breach caused by West Indies' withdrawal by agreeing to play a five-ODI series, Patel said it was not enough to "offset the loss" incurred. "This is because the Sri Lanka Cricket Board has not committed to any additional tour of India but has only advanced its 2015 Tour to 2014. In return, the BCCI has agreed to tour Sri Lanka in 2015 whereby it has permanently and irretrievably lost a valuable home tour."
Patel slammed the WICB for cancelling the tour "in complete disregard of your legal commitments" despite knowing the damages it would cause. "The adverse financial ramifications and the negative impact of your action to unilaterally cancel the remainder of the Tour was well within your understanding, yet you still went ahead and cancelled the Tour in complete disregard of your legal commitments.
"The WICB is also aware that each National Board is committed to touring each other in a given period such that the schedule of tours between each of the Boards is fixed 8 years in advance. Such touring obligations are on a reciprocal basis so as to reflect not only fairness in ranking but also equal opportunity to each Board. As such, given the limited windows of opportunity and the long-term schedule of tours as between the National Cricket Boards, rescheduling of Tours within the 8-year period becomes impossible."
*
November 1, 2014: 5.30am GMT The losses listed by the BCCI are in INR, and not in US$
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Virgin Galactic s SpaceShipTwo crashesEYE BROWSE
Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo crashes
A passenger spaceship being developed by Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic company crashed during a test flight on October 31, 2014 near the Mojave Air and Space Port in California, killing one pilot and seriously injuring the other, officials said.
The crash occurred shortly after the craft, dubbed SpaceShipTwo, separated from the jet airplane that carried it aloft for its high-altitude launch, according to the Federal Aviation Administration.
The crash also marked a major setback for Virgin Galactic, a U.S. offshoot of billionaire Branson's London-based Virgin Group. The company was aiming to make the world's first commercial suborbital space flights with SpaceShipTwo, a six-passenger, two-pilot spacecraft.
Gallery View:Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo crashes

Revised prices unfavourable for deep-sea gas fieldsRevised prices unfavourable for deep-sea gas fields
Googles Project Ara: Are you ready for the hardwareAndroidProject Ara
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 2, 2014 6:34 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 7:40 am
If Google has its way, the world would in a few years be buying parts of their smartphone as they do with apps at the moment.
ALSO READ: Are you ready to assemble your own phone?
No wonder the search and advertising giant, which seems to be nurturing device ambitions of late calls its Project Ara the hardware version of Android. Like with Android, Mountain View wants to keep a grip on this open source project and will itself build and sell the frame which forms the base of the new modular phone.It wants developers to create the modules that will go it. This could be a keyboard module, a long life battery or a zoom lens. The possibilities are so mind boggling that it could change the way we use smartphones.
In the ideal Ara scenario, the smartphone will be able to adapt to very specific requirements of the user like adding multiple battery modules for a camping trip with multiple lens options. While it is a win-win for consumers it could sound the death knell for a lot of Google’s present day device partners. Who would want to buy a hard framed phone when they could pick and choose what they want, at affordable price points. Google’s challenge on the other hand would be to keep the prices under control.
The developers won’t have scale and the economies that come with it. At least not initially. There wouldn’t be any taker for the ambitious project if the modules end up more expensive that a regular smartphone. To start with, project head Paul Eremenko says he want to keep the cost of the frame under $50. But he accepts that putting a price on one of these phones is still a long way off.
If the concept catches the world’s fancy you might see some large smartphone manufacturers of today being relegated to becoming module makers. By the way selling BlackBerry keyboards or Nokia cameras for an Android phone might be a business idea whose time has come.
 

Amazon flags India risks in SEC filingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India slips 2 spots in World Bank s  Doing Business  standingsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Trai chairman criticises DoT for delay in spectrum allocationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hiring business drives LinkedIn as revenue jumps 45 pct to $568.3 mnE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Googles Project Ara: Are you ready for the hardware version of AndroidMarket pilot of modular phone in 2015, but we could be a couple of years away from buying it. (Source: Google)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: October 31, 2014 10:15 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 10:34 am
What if you could decide the power of the processor, resolution of the display and sensor of the camera every time you picked up your smartphone to leave home? It might sound like science fiction, but this is exactly what Google is working on at the moment. In fact, its Project Ara aims to bring in a modular smartphone that can be changed according to the user’s character and preferences.
While IndianExpress.com got a sneak peak into the prototypes, the market pilot is expected to be available in 2015. Paul Eremenko, who developed the project and leads it now, sums up the concept as the “hardware version of Android”. “Our stated objective around Project Ara is to democratise the hardware ecosystem around mobile. We want to drastically lower the barrier of entry for developers,” he added in a video chat earlier this week. “We decided to go ahead with Project Ara because we felt that finally we were at a point where the overhead penalty of making something modular could be made small enough that it would be acceptable to the consumer.”
Paul Eremenko showing a prototype and a camera module during a Google Hangout session with IndianExpress.com
At the core of Project Ara is the endoskelton, or the frame, on which the modules will go. Google want to produce these for around $50 and spawn and “app level of innovation” with the modules. The idea is to let developers market the modules directly to consumers, maybe through the Google Play store. This means once you buy the endoskelton, you can go to the store and buy any module you want. There will be three frame sizes to choose from, the mini, medium and jumbo and the smallest of them will have slots for 10 modules.
The possibilities are endless. For instance, you could buy a jumbo frame and use only half of it for the screen, the rest could be the keyboard. If on a long trip, you could drop a lot of other modules and replace them with battery modules so that you don’t run out of power.
While it seems as simple as building blocks, Project Ara will actually be ushering in cutting edge technology into your hands. “This is the first initiation of a network on device concept in the mobile form factor,” explains Eremenko, adding that any modules can draw or supply power and also be a power storage device at the same time. While the modules will transmit data and power using inductive contactless coupling, they will have electropermanent magnets that connect them to the frame. Simply put, the design won’t have any connectors and users will be able to hot swap any module.
Eremenko thinks the biggest impact will come when people will be able to manage continued…

Sonia Gandhi not to attend Syed Ahmed Bukhari son s anointment ceremonyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Federal Civil Rights Charges Unlikely Against Police Officer In Ferguson ShootingFederal Civil Rights Charges Unlikely Against Police Officer In Ferguson Shooting
The Washington Post  | By                                                                 Sari Horwitz and Kimberly Kindy
Posted:
Updated:
11/01/2014  1:59 am EDT
FERGUSON, MO - OCTOBER 22:  Police face off with demonstrators outside the police station as protests continue in the wake of 18-year-old Michael Brown's death on October 22, 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri. Several days of civil unrest followed the August 9 shooting death of Brown by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson. Today's protest was scheduled to coincide with a day of action planned to take place nationwide to draw attention to police brutality.  (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images) | Scott Olson via Getty Images

Petition against Aamir Khan for  promoting homosexualityE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rajni Mishra takes over as CGM of SBI  BangaloreRajni Mishra takes over as CGM of SBI, Bangalore
Vishwanath Kulkarni
Rajni Mishra
Bangalore Nov 1:  
Rajni Mishra has taken over as Chief General Manager of State Bank of India, Bangalore circle on Saturday.
Prior to her posting in Bangalore, Mishra was the Secretary to the Bank's Central Board at Corporate Centre, Mumbai.
Ashwini Mehra, the former circle head, has moved to Corporate Centre, Mumbai on elevation as Deputy Managing Director & CEO, the bank said in a statement.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Another chance for India s understudiesAnother chance for India's understudies
Five questions for India before the ODI series against Sri Lanka. (By Abhishek Purohit | ESPNcricinfo)
Prev Next
Third and back-up fast bowlers — Mohammed Shami and Bhuvneshwar Kumar have been regulars in the ODI side for a while, but the composition of the rest of the pace attack is not certain. Varun Aaron played in New Zealand and in the Asia Cup and hasn't figured in ODIs since but is part of the squad against Sri Lanka. Umesh Yadav played in South Africa and Bangladesh and also against West Indies at home. Ishant Sharma, whose workload has been steep ... more 
Third and back-up fast bowlers — Mohammed Shami and Bhuvneshwar Kumar have been regulars in the ODI side for a while, but the composition of the rest of the pace attack is not certain. Varun Aaron played in New Zealand and in the Asia Cup and hasn't figured in ODIs since but is part of the squad against Sri Lanka. Umesh Yadav played in South Africa and Bangladesh and also against West Indies at home. Ishant Sharma, whose workload has been steep in Tests, hasn't played an ODI since January, but has been included for the Sri Lanka series. Among those not in this squad, Mohit Sharma has had injury issues this year, but is also a contender for the World Cup. None of these four have played more than nine ODIs in the past year since the Australia series, compared to Shami's 22. None of them have taken more than eight wickets, compared to Shami's 51. While the economy-rates of three of them have hovered around run a ball, Aaron has gone for 7.64 an over.   Zaheer Khan's last ODI was in August 2012 and he hasn't played at all since his IPL injury, but he had sent down nearly 200 overs on the Test tours of South Africa and New Zealand when he was fit in the past year, and could be a left-field option. less 

Hello Kitty celebrates 40th birthday in styleHello Kitty celebrates 40th birthday in style
AFP
Hello Kitty, Japan's global icon of cute, marked her 40th anniversary on Saturday with a human-size version of the feline character regaling fans at an upscale Tokyo department store and a theme park.
 
The moon-faced creation, who has spawned a multi-billion dollar industry, began her birthday by trying her hand as manager of the Mitsukoshi department store in Tokyo's glitzy Ginza district.
 
Clad in pink from head to toe with a customary bow on her head, a human-size Kitty showed up at an in-house meeting at the store, drawing cheers and applause from hordes of employees.
Hello Kitty (C) celebrates in the Hello Kitty 40th anniversary parade at Tokyo's Sanrio Puroland on Saturday. (AFP Photo)
She bowed to the staff, who bowed back.
 
The mouthless character did not speak but waved and struck poses, sending many on the floor blurting out "kawaii!", the Japanese word for "cute".
 
As the store opened, she greeted the first wave of customers, many of whom hugged the character and posed for pictures.
 
Kitty, who adorns everything from pencil cases to pyjamas the world over, also celebrated her birthday with fans at her creators' theme park Sanrio Puroland in western Tokyo.
 
Surrounded by hundreds of admirers, she performed dances with other characters including her twin sister Mimmy.
 
The Keio Plaza Hotel chain, meanwhile, opened Hello Kitty hotel rooms in Tokyo today, decorated floor to ceiling with pictures of the cuddly character.
 
On the other side of the Pacific, a Hello Kitty Convention in the Little Tokyo district near downtown Los Angeles has opened for a four-day run through the weekend, expecting to draw some 25,000 fans.
A couple visits the Hello Kitty 40th anniversary parade at Tokyo's Sanrio Puroland on Saturday.    (AFP photo) 
First released in 1974 and appearing on a coin purse the following year, Hello Kitty now features on more than 50,000 products in 130 countries and territories.
 
Creator Sanrio says cute-loving adults are the main customers driving business.
 
Despite her years, the timeless character, who insists "you can never have too many friends", is still exploring new frontiers.
 
Kitty went on a space mission this year aboard a satellite and Sanrio is launching a line of Kitty products for men next year, possibly before Valentine's Day.
 
She has also appeared on a dress made for eccentric US pop diva Lady Gaga, while Taiwanese airline EVA Air marked the 40th anniversary by launching a Hello Kitty plane, complete with Kitty-themed airline food and stewardess uniforms.
 
Fans were stunned in August when it emerged that Kitty is in fact not a cat, but a girl. 

Iraqi Kurds reinforce Kobani; US planes pound IS targetsprint
Syrian Kurds welcomed the arrival in Kobani of Iraqi Kurdish fighters with their heavy weapons, hoping they might tip the balance in the battle to defend the town against Islamic State — also known as ISIS or ISIL, as US-led air strikes continued to bomb the ultra-hardline group in Iraq and Syria.
Air strikes have helped to foil several attempts by the al Qaeda offshoot, notorious for its beheading of hostages, to take over Kobani. But they have done little to stop its advances, in particular in Sunni areas of western Iraq, where it has executed hundreds of tribesmen.
Islamic State fighters have mocked the US air strikes as a campaign against Islam that they say has angered Muslims and helped the group win followers across the globe.
Kurdish peshmerga fighters wave Kurdish flags atop an army vehicle as they move towards the Syrian town of Kobani  from the border town of Suruc, Sanliurfa province. (Reuters Photo)
The arrival of the 150 Iraqi fighters, who have yet to participate in the battle, marks the first time Turkey has allowed ground troops from outside Syria to reinforce Syrian Kurds, who have been defending Kobani for more than 40 days.
The fighters - known as peshmerga, or "those who defy death" - were preparing themselves for the battle and are expected to take part in action in Kobani later on Saturday, Kurdish officials said.
"What was lacking is the weapons and ammunition, so the arrival of more of it plus the fighters will help tip the balance of the battle," Idris Nassan, deputy foreign minister of Kobani district, told Reuters by telephone from Kobani.
"The whole issue is the weapons and ammunition. Of course more fighters will help."   
The US military said it had carried out 10 air strikes against IS  militants, five near Kobani and five in Iraq, since Friday.
A US Navy handout picture of a F/A-18 fighter jet being launched from the USS Carl Vinson. (Reuters Photo)
The Kobani strikes "suppressed or destroyed" nine Islamic State fighting positions and a building. In Iraq, air strikes destroyed an Islamic State vehicle southwest of Mosul Dam and hit four vehicles and four buildings used by militants near Al Qaim, the US military said in a statement.
Dauntless and expanding
Undeterred by the air strikes, the Islamic State fighters continued a mass killing campaign in Iraq to wipe out resistance against the group. They executed 85 more members of the Albu Nimr tribe, according to a tribal leader and security official.
Tribal chief Sheikh Naeem al-Ga'oud told Reuters that Islamic State had killed 50 members of Albu Nimr who were fleeing the group in Anbar province on Friday. In a separate incident, a security official said 35 bodies had been found in a mass grave.
Read: ISIS militants kill 85 members of Iraqi tribe
The group has executed a total of more than 300 tribe members in the past few days, Ga'oud and the official said.
Albu Nimr had held out for weeks under siege by Islamic State, but finally ran low on ammunition, fuel and food.
The militants have lost hundreds if not thousands of fighters since the Islamic State was declared in June, in battles against other Sunni rebels, Islamist groups, forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and in US-led air strikes.
Turkish troops guard Iraqi Kurdish peshmerga soldiers prior to their departure to the Syrian city of Kobani, outside a staging area on the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border. (AP Photo)
But fighters inside the group say that it was receiving hundreds of volunteers every month, which was helping it carry our more attacks. It was also receiving pledge of allegiances from Islamist groups in the world including Pakistan, Africa and some Arab states.
In another sign of the group's relentless efforts to expand despite the US-led attacks, dozens of residents of the Libyan town of Derna have pledged allegiance to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the group and self-proclaimed Caliph of all Muslims, according to a video posted online and  residents.
Derna, a port halfway between the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi and the Egyptian border, has since 2011 turned into a gathering point for militant Islamists and al Qaeda sympathisers.
Fifteen members of Islamic State, led by an Egyptian and a Saudi national, traveled to Derna from Syria in September to try to rally support and establish an Islamic State branch in Libya, Egyptian security officials have said.
FSA in Kobani
On Saturday, intense gunfire could be heard in the town of Kobani and Iraqi peshmerga could be seen on the western side of the town, talking with YPG fighters - the main Syrian Kurdish armed group defending the town - and standing next to a cannon, footage from Reuters Television showed.
Also on the west of the city, fighters from the Free Syrian Army (FSA) who went to defend the town were seen driving flatbed trucks mounted with heavy machine guns and flying the three-star green, white and black Syrian flag, Reuters TV footage showed.
But the move by FSA - a term used to refer to dozens of armed groups fighting against Assad and Islamic State - drew criticism from opposition activists, who urged the fighters to deploy on fronts where the Western-backed rebels were losing to Assad's forces and to Islamists.
Syria's al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front seized on Saturday the Jabal al-Zawiya region, the last remaining stronghold of Western-backed rebels in Syria's northwest province of Idlib, after days of fighting.
Backed by other hardline Islamist groups, the Nusra Front are waging a major military campaign against the Syria Revolutionaries' Front led by Jamal Maarouf, a key figure in the armed opposition to Assad, after accusing him of being corrupt and working for the West against them.

Green policies get a much-needed boostGreen policies get a much-needed boost
United Nations panel adopts landmark climatereportThe United Nations' expert panel on climate science on Saturday finished a report on global warming.
By: Associated Press | Copenhagen | Posted: November 2, 2014 5:28 am
The United Nations’ expert panel on climate science on Saturday finished a report on global warming that the UN’s environment agency said offers “conclusive evidence” that humans are altering the Earth’s climate system.
The document, which combines the findings of three earlier reports, was adopted after all-night talks that went on until 5 am Saturday by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. The scientists and government representatives on the panel, who jointly approved the document line by line, then rested for a few hours before resuming the session in Copenhagen to finish the document. The report is scheduled to be released to the public on Sunday.
Apart from discussing the human influence, the report is expected to describe how climate impacts, including melting Arctic sea ice and rising levels, are already happening and could become irreversible unless the world curbs its greenhouse gas emissions.
The IPCC says scientists are now 95 per cent certain that the buildup of such gases from the burning of fossil fuels and deforestation is the main cause of warming seen since the middle of the 20th century.
IPCC vice chair Jean-Pascal van Ypersele wrote on Twitter that the report was adopted Saturday afternoon following round-the-clock talks.
The UN Environment Program said the report “offers conclusive scientific evidence that human activities continue to cause unprecedented changes in the Earth’s climate.”
In an interview with The Associated Press, UNEP head Achim Steiner said the world has the technology and capacity to act, and needs to do so urgently. The cost of achieving emissions cuts increases exponentially with each year “because you will have to make far more drastic changes in our economy,” Steiner said.
While the IPCC tries to avoid explicitly telling governments what they should do, the report will present scenarios showing that warming can be kept in check if the world shifts its energy system toward renewable sources like wind and solar power and implements technologies to capture greenhouse gases from the atmosphere.

Prolific Younis wants to be remembered as "team man"More
Younis stays modest as records tumble
There may be debates over whether he is Pakistan's greatest Test batsman, but Younis Khan wants to be remembered as a team man whose performances made his country proud.
By Umar Farooq in Abu Dhabi | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 1 Nov, 2014 10:01 AM IST
0
Younis Khan makes batting look real easy when he is in form. (Getty Images)
Around 11,000 spectators created a festive atmosphere as Younis Khan made his fifth Test double century to leave Australia reeling in Abu Dhabi. It was his third hundred on the trot, and came against the backdrop of his exclusion from the one-day squad last month.
The decision to axe him had prompted Younis to stridently question the selectors. He was retained in the Test squad though and while he has broken a slew of batting records, he insisted this wasn't about showing up the selectors. "I am not here to prove anything to anyone," he said after another productive day in Abu Dhabi. "I just wanted to show my character and wanted to win the games for my country after Pakistan lost four matches to Australia. So the intentions were never to prove a point but to help Pakistan."
Younis, though, said that the week after being dropped was an important period for him. "I still remember that one week that I spent with my family. I am not able to forget that moment. My family and friends were tense. The media was tense, the entire Pakistan was tense for me, wondering he could retire now, who knows what he could do now after having spoken out. The media has supported me a lot. Each and every moment from that week is with me and [I am] thinking positively from that."
He was also pleased with his preparation for the series. "It was my good luck that I landed here in UAE a week earlier and worked a lot on my batting with the help of the batting coach. The Australians would also practice nearby and whenever I got the opportunity, I would observe their body language and try to learn about them. So that week really made a difference."
During this series, Younis became Pakistan's highest Test century maker, and reached 8000 Test runs, prompting debates over whether he is Pakistan's greatest Test batsman. "I don't think I can become a great… like Javed, Inzamam, Yousuf, Saeed Anwar, Zaheer Abbas, Hanif Mohammad ... I can't compare myself with them," he said. "The era I am playing in, many things are easy for me compared to the time they have played their cricket. It was so difficult for them. I want to be remembered as a team man who served the team and as someone whose performances made his country proud."
He said he drew energy from the large holiday crowd in Abu Dhabi to complete his double century just before tea. "When I was around 160 or 170, my body's response started to go down, but when I saw so many fans were coming in, I thought that if I push myself a little more, then I could get to 200...
"When I saw so many people coming in for a Test, I felt very happy, I took motivation from the crowd, I wanted to hang in there and reach 200, so that all the people who have come to see me, I shouldn't disappoint them."
The situation looks hopeless for Australia, but Younis, while hoping to win the Test, expected some tough days ahead. "Obviously when you score runs and contribute a lot in the game you want the team to win comprehensively so I hope we manage to pull off a whitewash.
"But it isn't going to be easy for us, we still have to put in the hard work. Though we have good spinners, Australia have been in this situation several times... they have Warner, Clarke, Smith and Haddin who had played a big role for them to win the Ashes. So it won't be easy. We aren't thinking that the contest will be over tomorrow or day after and I think the Australian team is capable of making a comeback."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

AU calls for civilian-led transition in Burkina FasoAU calls for civilian-led transition in Burkina Faso
Power restored in most of BangladeshPower restored in most of Bangladesh
We asked how to fix Social Security. Heres what you said.By Martha M. Hamilton October 27
(Illustration by Melinda Beck)
About a month ago, the Post invited readers to chime in on what they thought were the best ways to fix Social Security . 
With the help of the Center for Retirement Research , we presented an array of 12 solutions commonly suggested for the retirement system, which is projected to be so depleted that it will be unable to pay full benefits by 2033.  Then we asked readers to pick the options they would consider.
 
This week we’re reporting on the solutions that have resonated with the most readers. We’re tallying the results we’ve seen so far, but you can still check out the graphic and choose the solutions you think would work best. 
If you make more, you should pay more.
The most popular solution, chosen in 71 percent of the nearly 3,600 votes submitted as of last week, was a proposal to gradually raise the amount of earnings on which Social Security taxes must be paid over 10 years until 90 percent of all earnings are covered. Today only an estimated 82.5 percent of all earnings are covered.
The difference? This year, a worker stops having to pay Social Security tax on any earnings beyond $117,000. For some workers, that means a bump in take-home pay each paycheck after. But if 90 percent of all earnings were covered and taxed by Social Security, the earnings cap would be $250,200, based on the intermediate assumptions of the 2014 Social Security Trustees Report. Even though plans to raise the cap would also include increasing benefits for higher earners, this change would still erase 20 percent of Social Security’s projected shortfall in 2033, the year in which it would no longer be able to pay full benefits.
This change would touch very few workers, so maybe it’s no surprise it was the most frequently chosen solution in a survey that allowed readers to choose more than one solution. The Social Security Administration estimates that only 5.7 percent of all workers will exceed the cap this year. Many of the 94.3 percent of workers who pay the tax on every dollar they earn don’t even realize there is an earnings cap.
But interest in increasing the earnings cap also underlines an important reason that Social Security is vulnerable to running out of enough money to pay full benefits. Although the increase in life expectancy and the retirement of the baby boom are often fingered as the culprits, “more of the shortfall is caused by slow and unequal wage gains,” said Monique Morrissey of the Economic Policy Institute.
Even way back in 1983, the last time steps were taken to keep Social Security on a solid footing and when the oldest baby boomers were a mere 37,  folks involved in fixing Social Security could foresee the baby boom’s eventual retirement and forecast that there would be fewer workers paying taxes per retiree receiving Social Security benefits, Morrissey said.
“The estimate of the future relationship between beneficiaries and workers was just about the same in 1983,when the program was last in balance,” according to a report by the 1994-1996 Advisory Council on Social Security. “In other words, the fundamental ratio of beneficiaries to workers was fully taken into account in the 1983 financing provisions and, as a matter of fact, was known and taken into account well before that.”
But there was an unforeseen change in the economic landscape that has led to less money than expected flowing into Social Security; a slowdown in the average wage index, which is used to calculate increases in  the Social Security earnings cap. Adjusting the cap based on that index was expected to help prevent erosion in the percentage of earnings taxed, which had been 92 percent at the beginning of the program in 1937 and, after amendments to the Social Security Act in 1977 reached 90 percent in 1983.
But it didn’t work because wage growth slowed. In the five years leading up to 1983, the average annual wage increase as calculated by Social Security was 8.256 percent. In the five years leading up to 2014, the average was 1.676 percent. Certainly the Great Recession had something to do with the slowdown–the average wage index went down by 1.51 percent in 2009, the year the recession hit bottom.
But the slowdown in wages also reflects the growth in income inequality in the U.S. because the earnings of the most highly paid workers have grown faster than average earnings.
The Federal Reserve Board’s Survey of Consumer Finance released in September found that the top 3 percent of families accounted for 30.5 percent of income in 2013, down slightly from a pre-recession high of 31.4 percent in 2007 but up substantially from about 25 percent in 1989. The bottom 90 percent of families’ share of income fell to 52.7 percent while the share of income for the 7 percent of families in the top 10 percent of earners but not in the top 3 percent, stayed at about 17 percent. The data “confirm that the shares of income and wealth held by affluent families are at modern historically high levels,” according to the study. It also notes that “the gains in income and wealth shares have been concentrated among the top few percentiles of the distribution.”
In other words, the very rich are getting very much richer with a relatively small percentage of their earnings subject to Social Security taxes. For instance, someone with $500,000 in annual earnings would be out from under today’s $117,000 earnings cap in about three months.
Since benefits are based on earnings, raising the earnings cap would mean that better-off recipients would also have their benefits increased, although not in proportion to their increased taxes. That is because Social Security benefits are structured to replace more of the earnings of the lowest earning recipients and a smaller percent of the income of top earners.
But raising the cap “would constitute a massive tax increase on high earners, effectively adding 12 percentage points to the top tax rate,” argues Andrew G. Biggs, resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute.
Biggs said that after all new tax rates and the elimination of exemptions are included, the top marginal tax rate is about 43 percent today. Eliminating the cap for Social Security “would raise that top rate into the 60s, and adding state income taxes could leave many high earners paying 70 percent” in taxes on the highest portion of their earnings.
“Most European countries have long since abandoned such high tax rates,” said Biggs. “It would be ironic and economically damaging if the U.S. replicated them.”
Still, other surveys also have found support for raising the cap. A National Academy of Social Insurance survey released in January, 2013 found that 7 out of 10 surveyed backed a combination of changes including raising the earnings cap gradually over 10 years until the wage cap disappeared entirely.
On the other hand, Biggs noted that President Franklin Roosevelt’s original design for Social Security didn’t include the wealthy as participants, either as tax payers or recipients. But the exemption for the wealthy was eliminated when the program was implemented, Biggs said, “to differentiate Social Security from a welfare program. That’s been a key to the political support for the program: there’s a strong perception that people have paid for the benefits they’re receiving, versus a welfare plan where one group pays and a different group receives.
“Eliminating the payroll tax ceiling would alter Social Security in a pretty fundamental way, such that high earners wouldn’t feel the same stake in preserving the program,” he said.
Read More:

Why the World Bank is facing a crisis of con...Why the World Bank is facing a crisis of confidence and what it means for India
Seema Sirohi Nov 2, 2014, 11.32AM IST
Tags:
(It's a searing lesson for…)
Because something is happening here But you don't know what it is, Do you, Mister Jones?
The lines from Bob Dylan's Ballad of a Thin Man, a furious inquisition of a philistine who enters a world he doesn't understand, aptly describe recent events at the World Bank where an "outsider" president, trying to restructure the largest development institution, is faced with fierce questioning on his ideas and methods.
Reorganizing a behemoth of 10,000 employees is no easy task but critics say that President Jim Yong Kim, a physician and anthropologist by training, has gone about his plan to slash $400 million with the delicacy of a hammer, not a scalpel. Anxiety among staff members is high, the morale low and uncertainty reigns.
It's a searing lesson for the BRICS countries as they go about setting up their development bank. The history of of the World Bank and its presidents could be a textbook on how not to be.
President Kim, a Korean American, is caught in a fullfledged culture war — development experts resent his topdown approach, insiders bristle at the outsider's arrogance, sensitized employees question his "dismissive" manner and watchdogs are appalled at his top dogs pocketing hefty bonuses while others get "nickeled and dimed".
The primary charges against Kim: a lack of transparency in the restructuring process, not releasing the budget for projects in time, creating a more centralized decision-making process while promising the opposite, selecting "yes men" of questionable expertise for top positions in newly created silos while firing well-respected managers and finally, losing sight of the clients which are the 188 member countries — for whom the Bank presumably exists.
Secondary charges: a general cluelessness, a proclivity towards control and an over reliance on outside consultants like McKinsey, Deloitte and Booz Allen. Their bill: $12.5 million.
The immediate cause for the open revolt earlier this month, which resulted in "work stoppages" and silent assemblies, was news that Bertrand Badre, the Bank's chief financial officer (CFO), had got an ostentatious bonus in the middle of cost cutting. The explosive information was meticulously dug out and collated by Fabrice Houdart, a young country director whose fearlessness has won him many fans.
Badre received a "scarce skills premium" of $189,000 over two years in addition to his annual salary of $379,000. More egregiously, the bonus came in fiscal year 2014 when the Bank took a financial hit of $203 million on bonds it owned in an Austrian bank that went under. "The decision is inexplicable in a year when the bank put zero money in reserves," said a source in the Bank's governing board of directors.
The Staff Association, experts and data crunchers, asked on September 25: "At a time of employment insecurity, staff downsizing and belt-tightening, we are mystified as to how president Kim and his senior management could be so blind to the optics."
A Sense of Fear
Now Houdart, the whistleblower, is apparently under investigation despite Kim's explicit promises that there would be no retaliation against those who spoke up. A three-man team went to Houdart's office on October 14 and removed the memory disk from his scanner without an explanation. The timing of the operation has led to questions about motives and created a sense of fear. "We have no comment," said the Bank's official spokesman David Theis.
"I have been placed under investigation...( but) let us not let ourselves be intimidated," Houdart wrote on the Bank's internal blog, a copy of which was obtained by ET Magazine. He is ostensibly being targeted for an alleged leak five months ago of an internal draft document on the Bank's new environmental and social safety standards. The document showed the Bank's intention to dilute those standards. Houdart said he had "no access" to the confidential document as a senior country officer.
Meanwhile, other bits of malodorous information about the creamy layer continue to trickle out — how Badre flew to Paris for D-Day celebrations on the Bank's dime, how he teaches a class in Paris and gets compensated. Theis said Badre's trips to Paris follow the Bank's "operational travel policies" and the ethics department had cleared his "small stipend" from the Paris institute.
But Caesar's wife must be above suspicion, as they say. Paul Cadario, a former senior manager of the Bank, says the continuous trickle of negative stories are symptoms of "a spreading lack of trust in leadership and in the example they set, which is far more damaging to the health and effectiveness of any organization, particularly one with goals as noble and important as the Bank's". Cadario, who retired in 2012 after 37 years at the Bank, is unimpressed with the way Kim has handled the process.

Maharashtra: Sena asks BJP to finish berth allocation before trust vote; Fadnavis gets goingComments
A day after Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as Maharashtra's 27th chief minister, the Shiv Sena reportedly asked the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to spell out a concrete proposal on ministerial berth allocation ahead of a trust vote in the state assembly likely in the second week of November.
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis greets PM Narendra Modi after the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Even though uncertainty continues over whether the estranged allies will join hands to form a stable government in the state, the Sena on Saturday sent out indications that the talks will go on in a "positive manner".
"Sena president Uddhav Thackeray had detailed discussion with BJP leaders Amit Shah and Arun Jaitley yesterday (Friday)," party spokesperson Neelam Gorhe said.
"I am sure Sena and BJP representatives (in Maharashtra) will have positive talks," she added.
Discussions between the BJP and the Sena over a possible patch-up have remained topsy-turvy and inconclusive so far. The BJP and the Sena, which has 63 MLAs in the state, parted ways ahead of the assembly elections after 25 years of bonhomie following differences over sharing of seats.
Uddhav backtracked on his decision to give Fadnavis' swearing in a miss and arrived at the Wankhede Stadium on Friday after being approached by senior BJP leaders, hinting at a rapprochment between the saffron parties.
Earlier, the Sena had resolved to skip the event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, citing "constant humiliation" by the BJP.
However, Sena MP Vinayak Raut later said BJP president Amit Shah had assured Uddhav of a positive decision on participation of his party in the new government.
The BJP, which has 122 seats in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly, needs 23 more legislators to reach the magic figure. BJP legislator, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack last Sunday. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP's tally is around 135.
Meanwhile, Sena MP and Uddhav's emissary, Anil Desai, is said to have spoken to Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday, conveying to him the Sena's request of completing the discussion before the trust vote.
A source indicated that the Sena's demand of getting one-third of the ministerial posts in the government still remained. For now, the party is said to have demanded 10 seats, considering the government will have 30 ministerial berths.
Asked about reports that Sena had demanded deputy chief minister's post too and threatened to sit in opposition if the BJP didn't comply, state BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said, "We don't comment on any unofficial report."
When contacted, a Sena leader, however, said there was no harm if the outfit got the key post.
The Fadnavis government will seek a vote of confidence in his government during a special session of the assembly beginning on November 11, official sources had said on Friday.
Governor C Vidyasagar Rao has given Fadnavis 15 days from the day of his government was sworn in to prove its majority in the 288-member House.
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has offered unconditional support to the BJP. If the NCP abstains from voting, the BJP will get an upper hand and will be in an advantageous position to form a minority government.
"We are still ready to sit in the opposition if the BJP does not give us respectable portfolios. Yesterday (Friday) Uddhavji obliged keeping the respect of senior BJP leaders who invited him. Now everything depends on what offer we get from the BJP," said a senior Sena legislator.
Sena sounds caution
The Sena cautioned Fadnavis on Saturday against taking the people for granted and asked him to fulfil the expectations of the common man.
 
"The new government is like a newly-wed woman who initially pleases her mother-in-law. In this case the mother- in-law is the people of Maharashtra. You cannot take people for granted. They have the power to pull your ears when you err," an editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamna said.
 
This is the first lesson the new government will have to learn, the Sena added.
Fadnavis in action
Fadnavis visited the Bal Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park on Saturday evening in a move that sent positive signals to the Sena camp.
He also held his first cabinet meeting during which he vowed to work for the people of the state.
A day after taking charge, the 44-year-old leader reviewed the status of key departments.
 
The chief minister assessed presentations of finance, agriculture, home and energy departments.
 
The secretaries of the concerned departments explained the status of projects of these departments.
 
Fadnavis, who is believed to have been endorsed by Modi for the chief minister's post, said he planned to develop his office on the lines of the PMO to ensure faster and efficient working of his administration.
 
"I am in the process of developing the office of chief minister on the lines of the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) where a set of select bureaucrats assist the ministers in case they are not able to carry out certain tasks," Fadnavis said.
 
The strengthening of Chief Minister's Office (CMO) will remove the bottlenecks and pendency of work would be reduced when bureaucrats enter the scene to help ministers, he said.
 
On the demand for abolition of local body tax (LBT), Fadnavis said he was contemplating introduction of turnover tax on VAT.
 
The BJP had promised to do away with LBT during its poll campaign.
(with agency inputs) 

US calls off trade hunt against India  ready to work with Modi govtUS calls off trade hunt against India
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, November 01, 2014
First Published: 23:55 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 08:26 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
The powerful US chamber of commerce that had cross-haired India for its trade and patent practices seems to have called off the hunt, signaling willingness to work with the Narendra Modi government.
US President Barack Obama greets Narendra Modi at the White House. US chamber of commerce that had cross-haired India for its trade and patent practices has signalled willingness to work with the Modi government. (PTI photo)
In a significant shift in position, the chamber’s intellectual property wing dropped its earlier call for punishing India in a submission to the US trade representative (USTR) on Friday.
This is what it had said in a filing to the USTR in February: “The Chamber strongly recommends that India be designated a Priority Foreign Country (PFC).” This could have led to punitive action by the US.
There is no mention of this demand in the comments posted by the chamber’s Global Intellectual Property Center on USTR’s website seeking comments in the on-going out-of-cycle review of India.
Also gone was the combative tone of its earlier submissions.
“Our comments were submitted to help both governments move forward with a clear understanding of industry’s interests and objectives from the emerging bilateral dialogue,” center’s Patrick Kilbride told Hindustan Times of the new submission.
All the issues raised earlier remain on the table though.
Kilbride didn’t say that USTR had removed re-designation from the table for the review. It wasn’t an option at all, therefore, even if the chamber of the center had pushed for it.
US businesses have complained of poor protection of intellectual property rights in India, specially in the drugs and IT sectors, and of discriminatory trade practices.
The chamber of commerce led the charge using its clout with lawmakers and the administration to bring pressure on India, which is now under at least two other probes.
The Friday submission strikes a different note. And here is why, according to the center’s note: “It is important—and only fair—to recognize that the difficulties we continue to highlight are a legacy of previous Indian governments.”
That was a different government, it seems to be saying.
The center is keen to work with the Modi government, the note said, “to advance a mutually beneficial agenda that sets a new precedent for India’s future”.
The note goes on to list the center’s engagement with India in the “first months of the Modi administration”. There is no mention though of a speech Prime Minister Modi gave during his visit, at an event hosted by the US-India Business Council, another wing of the US chamber of commerce.

Toxic smog leaves Delhiites gasping  no relief comingToxic smog leaves Delhiites gasping, no relief coming
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 02, 2014
First Published: 00:17 IST(2/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:31 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
Delhiites woke up on Saturday to another leaden sky and grey-brown cloud of smog as pollution levels reached toxic levels and left many sniffing and wheezing.
The day brought more bad news: the smog isn’t going anywhere, at least for the next few days, experts warned.
In south Delhi’s RK Puram, particulate matter 2.5 or PM2.5 (particles smaller than 2.5 microns in diameter) peaked to an alarming 985 µg/m3, against a safe limit of 60 µg/m3, at 6am and stayed that way till 11.30am. Similarly, PM10 ranged between 500 and 600 µg/m3 in the last 24 hours, against an acceptable 100 µg/m3.
These particles are fine enough to lodge deep in the lung and blood tissues, and cause diseases ranging from stroke to lung cancer.
The US embassy’s Air Quality Index, which converts PM2.5 data and places them on a scale of 0 to 500, showed a reading of 274 in Chanakyapuri at 9pm — falling in the ‘very unhealthy’ 201-300 range, according to US standards.
The smog — a constant presence in Delhi over the last few days — is a result of seasonal burning of crops in neighbouring states and the city’s very high vehicular pollution, all trapped in by a lack of wind movement.
“There is a possibility of a marginal intensification of the smog in the next three to five days, till the western disturbance moves towards the hills of the north,” said RK Jenamani, director in-charge at the IGI Met Centre.
“There is a direct increase in incidence of heart disease and respiratory illness with increased exposure to air pollution, both outdoors and indoors. There’s a rapid decline in lung function and lung capacity among people with prolonged exposure to polluted air. It can even turn fatal in some cases,” said Dr Randeep Guleria, who heads the pulmonary medicine department at AIIMS.
He advised people not to delay seeing a doctor “if symptoms like difficulty in breathing, wheezing and persistent cough appears”, adding, “Winters are especially bad as polluted air gets trapped closer to the surface, and we are forced to breathe it.”

Obama stumps in Michigan  where his popularity is stillstrongUS President Barack Obama made his lone campaign appearance with a Democrat running for Senate in Michigan.
By: Reuters | Detroit | Posted: November 2, 2014 5:55 am
US President Barack Obama made his lone campaign appearance with a Democrat running for Senate on Saturday in Michigan, urging voters to remember how his administration helped rescue the auto industry when he first took office in 2009.
Obama, whose unpopularity has left him on the sidelines leading up to Tuesday’s midterm elections, spoke to a crowd of about 6,000 supporters of Democratic congressman Gary Peters, who is expected to win the seat held by retiring long-time Democratic Senator Carl Levin.
Focusing his message on economic issues, Obama also rallied support for Democrat Mark Schauer, a former Democratic representative who is in a tight race for governor.
“They said we shouldn’t walk away,” Obama told a rally in a gymnasium at Wayne State University, recalling how the Michigan delegation fought for the Detroit-based auto industry.
Obama’s appearance was part of a last-ditch effort by Democrats to get out the vote for their candidates. Polls show Republicans are likely to gain control of the U.S. Senate in Tuesday’s election.
“I need you to get some classmates. I need you to get some coworkers. I need you to knock on doors and make some phone calls,” Obama said.
Obama has spent a lot of time raising money for Democrats leading up to the midterms, but with his approval ratings hovering around 40 percent he has kept a low profile on the campaign trail.
Obama is more popular in Michigan, where polling done on Oct 27 by Fox 2 Detroit/Mitchell put his approval rating at 48 percent.
That poll showed Peters with a 14 percentage point lead over Republican Terri Lynn Land, a former Michigan secretary of state.
The Fox 2 Detroit/Mitchell poll showed incumbent Republican Governor Rick Snyder with a five percentage point lead over Schauer.
But an EPIC-MRA poll done for the Detroit Free Press between Oct 26-28 showed a closer race, finding Snyder with a two-point lead over Schauer. Nine percent of poll respondents were undecided, and most of them leaned Democratic.
On Sunday, Obama will travel to Connecticut to campaign with Democratic Governor Dan Malloy, who is in a tough race, and to Philadelphia to campaign with Tom Wolf, Democratic candidate for governor.

How black money escalates the housing prices(The only ones who can afford…)
By: Pankaj Kapoor
I recently met a real estate developer who joked that the engine of real estate in India has two wheels: one is white money that comes from genuine buyers and the other is black money. And, currently, both wheels have stopped turning. He wasn't joking.
Today, the market is stagnant because most genuine buyers can't afford to buy their dream home as the market is overpriced. The investors who were pumping in black money have also paused as prices have stagnated.
Curiously, the escalation of prices itself has happened because of the large inflows of black money into realty. Even though no official figures are available, it is safe to assume that anywhere between 30% and 40% of real estate transactions — be it the purchase of land or an apartment in a metro — involve black money.
Of course, higher the price tag of an apartment, bigger is the black money component. For instance, there is hardly any black money involved in an apartment priced between Rs 15 lakh and Rs 20 lakh but in a luxury apartment priced above Rs 3 crore, the black money component could go up to 60%.
Chain of Transactions
So, where does the problem start? It starts right at the time land is purchased, let's say for the construction of an apartment. In a city like Mumbai, virgin land isn't available. So, invariably developers have to buy land in outskirts or villages outside the city limits, where the ready reckoner rates (or circle rates) are low.
Often, the people who own the land ask for a significant part of the payment in black, sometimes as much as 25-30%, so that they can avoid getting taxed. The next step is getting approvals, which invariably involves getting building approvals from local civic bodies which in turn are controlled by politicians and bureaucrats. That again involves significant amount of unaccounted money.
All these underthetable payments mean that a developer has to have a significant kitty of black money. So, the developer starts putting price tags on things he isn't legally allowed to sell, parking in apartments, for instance. It is this chain of black money transactions that has raised the launch prices of apartments, resulting in the fact that most genuine buyers can't afford a home.
The only ones who can afford a home are, unfortunately, not the salaried class but traders and other dubious buyers who have a steady flow of black money. Given that Indian tax norms favour people who are buying a second or third house more than a first-time buyer, most people who can indulge in inflated real estate transactions are investors who have black money. They have unyielding capital that they choose to park in real estate.
Between 2001 and 2005, real estate in India boomed. Interest rates were low, housing was affordable and first-time buyers were entering the market. One could understand a bump-up in prices then. But between 2009 and 2013, something strange happened. Despite the fact that there wasn't a great wave of buying from first-time buyers, prices went upwards sharply. Most of this was fuelled by investors who invested in the premium and luxury segments and most of them involved black money transactions.
  Slew of Reforms Needed
State governments have responded by reducing ready reckoner rates to almost the same level as market value but that alone hasn't been enough. If the government is serious about achieving its stated goal of housing for all by 2022, then it will have to make a few systemic changes. One, incentivize first-time buyers.
Two, make the process of getting approvals transparent. Make the process automated. Cut off all political discretions when it comes to granting approvals or buying land.
The Real Estate Regulation Bill is a first step towards that. But in its current form, there are some loosely defined terms in the draft and oversights which can be misused. For instance, approval authorities are not brought under the purview of the Bill. Most delays of housing projects happen because of delayed approvals.
India has a shortfall of 18.7 million homes — over 95% of this is in the economically weaker section. Only 1.4% of that demand is being met. If we want India's real estate sector to blossom again, this menace of black money needs to be weeded out.
(The writer is managing director of Liases Foras, a real estate research company)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why physical retailers need to upgrade thems...(Some of India’s oldest…)
By Arvind Singhal
About a year ago, many — that included some of India's largest organized retailers — were in near denial that India would feel the impact of e-tailing in the near future. Today, the pendulum has swung to the other extreme. Some of India's oldest and largest brick-and-mortar retailers believe that the newly arrived e-tailers are their biggest threat now. Various associations that represent the interests of India's over 16-million independent retailers are now actively lobbying against etailers, including India's homegrown ones. The same associations had long reserved their vitriol only for multinational retailers despite the fact that the top-three organized retail businesses in India, each having revenues in excess of Rs 15,000 crore in 2014, are Indian owned while the largest multinational retailer in India is struggling to cross even Rs 1,000 crore in revenues.
India's current consumer spending on merchandise (and hence the size of India's retail market) is about $525 billion. If India sees a real compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in the next 10 years, and the consumer price inflation remains around 6% CAGR in the same period, India's merchandise retail spending will touch about $1,100 billion by 2020, and $2,100 billion by 2025. It is easy to see what is driving this strong growth in retail consumption — a relatively young population, convergence in lifestyle aspirations across urban and rural India and rise of dual (or multiple) income households especially in urban India.
Consumption Patterns
To better understand the current and future impact of e-tail on India's physical retailers, it is important to gain a measure of what India is currently consuming and how that consumption is split between rural and urban populations.
As the chart Retail Consumption Across Key Categories shows, even 10 years from now, almost two-thirds of India's retail spending (not total consumer spending because that also includes services such as housing, healthcare, transportation, education etc) is on food, followed by about 9% on apparel, then jewellery, and then consumer electronics, including mobile handsets.
Of this retail spending, rural India (spread across over 6,60,000 villages) accounts for almost 52%. Even by 2025, rural spending would still account for 43% of spending (see Distribution of Consumer Goods Spending). India will see very strong growth in all channels of retail: the traditional independents, the modern corporatized chains, and e-tailing not only in the coming 10 years but indeed, even much beyond that. Those who fear for the demise of traditional retail from corporatized retail (whether Indian or foreign owned) and now from e-tail will do well to note that Indians who are currently consuming merchandise worth $479 billion from independent mom-and-pop stores will consume more than four times (goods worth about $2,125 billion) from these stores by 2025. The corporatized retailers do not have much to fear either and they are likely to increase their own collective revenues (only from physical stores) from about $46 billion today to over $100 billion (excluding e-tail) by 2020 and perhaps over $345 billion (physical retail and e-tail) by 2025.
As far as e-tailing is concerned, notwithstanding its immense appeal for the metros and other parts of urban India, and notwithstanding its visible impact in select categories such as mobile phones and consumer durables, it will continue to have a fairly small share of the overall retail spending in India even after 10 years (see Current and Future Impact of E-tailing in India).
Negligible Share
To put simply, if seen only from the perspective of a few categories such as consumer electronics, apparel and footwear, furniture and home furnishings, and a few others (and that too largely in the top 15-20 cities and for products targeted towards the middle and upper-middle-income socio-economic strata), there is already a measurable impact of e-tail channel on physical stores in 2014. And no doubt, this will become more significant by 2025. However, if seen from the overall consumer spending perspective, the share of the e-tail channel by 2020 is expected to be around 3% on a net sales value (and perhaps 4% by gross merchandise value) and no more than 10% by 2025.
Having said this, it is important for physical retailers (especially those located in these top 15-20 cities) to make a serious effort to upgrade themselves. The upgrade should include improvements in the physical look and feel of the stores, offering a better shopping experience to consumers, training and retraining of store staff to offer better services, and aligning their merchandise more sharply to their specific customer profiles.
Physical retailers (independent ones) should also put more effort in knowing their consumer better and deploy basic technology to connect with them for sharing with them information on new arrivals and promotions . This connect could be even through SMS and then wherever possible, through e-mails. Such measures, as their e-commerce rivals have shown, work wonders.
The writer is chairman and managing director of Technopak, a retail consultancy
FEATURED ARTICLES

With Project Ara  Google wants to rule the mobile world  block byblockProject Ara
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 2, 2014 6:34 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 7:40 am
If Google has its way, the world would in a few years be buying parts of their smartphone as they do with apps at the moment.
ALSO READ: Are you ready to assemble your own phone?
No wonder the search and advertising giant, which seems to be nurturing device ambitions of late calls its Project Ara the hardware version of Android. Like with Android, Mountain View wants to keep a grip on this open source project and will itself build and sell the frame which forms the base of the new modular phone.It wants developers to create the modules that will go it. This could be a keyboard module, a long life battery or a zoom lens. The possibilities are so mind boggling that it could change the way we use smartphones.
In the ideal Ara scenario, the smartphone will be able to adapt to very specific requirements of the user like adding multiple battery modules for a camping trip with multiple lens options. While it is a win-win for consumers it could sound the death knell for a lot of Google’s present day device partners. Who would want to buy a hard framed phone when they could pick and choose what they want, at affordable price points. Google’s challenge on the other hand would be to keep the prices under control.
The developers won’t have scale and the economies that come with it. At least not initially. There wouldn’t be any taker for the ambitious project if the modules end up more expensive that a regular smartphone. To start with, project head Paul Eremenko says he want to keep the cost of the frame under $50. But he accepts that putting a price on one of these phones is still a long way off.
If the concept catches the world’s fancy you might see some large smartphone manufacturers of today being relegated to becoming module makers. By the way selling BlackBerry keyboards or Nokia cameras for an Android phone might be a business idea whose time has come.
 

Revolutionary change in Indian politics: Right is the new leftprint
Whenever international fashion mavens decide to favour a particular colour for formal wear in any season, we hear the term tangerine/red/fuschia is the new black. Similarly, in the Indian political context, I would say that the Right is the new Left. The recent kerfuffle in the CPI(M) says it all. The top two leaders are fighting over a 1978 political-tactical line. Please note 1978. It is classical Left, replete with references to bourgeois-landlord parties, which the venerable general secretary Prakash Karat feels must be shunned and senior leader Sitaram Yechury feels must be embraced. I hope I got that right because ploughing through the dense Left language is not for the fainthearted.
The Left and indeed the Congress were once seen as pro-poor parties, those who stood up for the little man. But today, the same little man is rejecting his interlocutors and going for the party which can bring him governance and development, and not those who almost glorify the soul-strengthening qualities of poverty. The Congress, to its credit, did come up with some big-ticket social welfare schemes. The BJP has picked many up, put a twist on them like a skilful chef and repackaged them as more viable. The Left was at one time the messiah of the poor. Today, the poor themselves do not aspire to remain poor and accept the small quantities of free rations and crumbs that the Left wants to dole out.
India is changing and it does not want to be trapped in a past where to be disadvantaged is glorious, with apologies to Deng Xiaoping. Both the Left and the Congress seem to be at the starting line still waiting to begin the race while the others have covered half the track. The Left is quibbling over ideology, with Karat sticking to his strictly theoretical approach, going by the bible of Marx and Engels. The Congress is going by the word according to the Family. Both seem anachronisms in today's vibrant and ever changing political scenario.
The Left has steadily lost ground in its own bastions. Its poor grasp of politics was evident in the Lok Sabha elections before the latest one when the cold-eyed Karat decided on cosying up to a decidedly communal Muslim party in Kerala. It resulted in the Muslim vote turning against the CPI(M). So much for political acumen. The Congress has not been the sharpest crayon in the pack politically, either. Despite diminishing crowds, despite obvious disenchantment, it stuck to the sacrifices made by the family as a talking point. We have seen the results. The good ideas that both the Congress and Left had have been taken over by parties like the BJP and restructured to its advantage. Today, whether you like it or not, it is Prime Minister Narendra Modi that the disadvantaged are looking up to as the person who could deliver them from a life of grinding poverty. He is the one talking about providing employment opportunities, economic freedoms, skill development. In short, he is offering the poor a step up, not a few sops to make their already miserable lives just a little less miserable for a short period.
So the Right has crowded out the traditional parties which spoke for the voiceless, the Right is saying that both capitalism and socialism can co-exist quite productively as long as schemes for the poor are not left to ossify. The days when the Congress would dispense free goodies in return for votes, or the Left would dole out a 'sense of pride' in return for votes, are very much out of fashion now. People do want goodies, they do want pride, but they don't want to be on an intravenous drip of largesse forever. The Right has understood this and taken over and redefined the Left and Congress's political space.
Let me say this once and for all, there can be no redemption for either the Left or the Congress unless they take a good long look in the mirror and begin to refashion their images. The Family was good up to this point, but a new India wants new ideas and new leaders. A sense of obligation to a particular political family, and indeed there are many of them around, is no foundation for a lasting relationship with the people. Everyone today, even those on the peripheries are aware of their rights and are mindful of their aspirations. And it is no different from you and me. We want to move to the next level of ambition on our own terms. Why do we imagine that the poor are any different? They have chosen the parties which are saying 'we will give you a leg up with this or that social scheme, and then you have to stand on your own feet'.
Now you may argue that what the Right is doing is putting new wine in old bottles. Yes, but so what? As long as it tastes slightly different, the bottle looks brighter and sunnier, people will opt for that one off the shelf. There is no reason why the Congress and Left cannot be the new Right. There are no sharp ideological divisions anymore in today's political marketspace. Your wares may be the same, but it is all about ownership and branding. And, of course, of actually delivering on social schemes. As of now, it would seem that the BJP is best placed to do so, given its growing reach. The Left and Congress should not project themselves as pro-poor, everyone is pro-poor. But it is all about who has the tools to pull the poor above the poverty line, up to the lower middle class, then to the middle class and so on. And here, I am afraid, I have to concede that if I were a fashionista, saffron is the new black.
(chanakya@hindustantimes.com)

Modi launches BJP membership driveNew Delhi, November 1, 2014
Updated: November 2, 2014 09:45 IST
BJP eyes 10 crore new members
Gargi Parsai
Tweet
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi dials his membership number, as BJP president Amit Shah and party general secretary Ram Lal look on, during the launch of the membership drive at the party headquarters in New Delhi on Saturday. Photo: Shanker Chakravarty
PTI This October 31, 2014 photo shows boats decorated with cutouts of BJP’s election symbol lotus at the Marine Drive in Mumbai. The BJP on Saturday kicked off its membership drive with a target to increase its strength four-fold.
TOPICS
national politics
“Every section of society should feel that their ‘flower’ is represented in this bouquet”
Seeking to capitalise on the people’s support for the party in the Lok Sabha and Assembly elections, the BJP launched an ambitious membership drive on Saturday to enrol 10 crore new members. The party has 3.25 crore members at present.
Launching the drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi used the digital media to register himself as the first member of the party he had “grown up with.” Party president Amit Shah followed, though his attempt to register himself was not without glitches as the toll-free number lines got clogged.
Mr. Modi asked BJP workers to work with the same zeal and energy as they did during the elections. “To be a part of the BJP, when the party is in power, means that every member has to be a representative of the people. The party must reflect the diversity of the country and workers must reach every nook and corner of the country to register at least one BJP member in every village.”
Encouraging people, particularly intellectuals, to participate in politics, he said politics was not tainted.

UN Panel Adopts Landmark Climate ReportThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Narendra Modi says next Budget should have new transformational measurables and deliverablesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Surviving Spaceship Pilot Described as  AlertThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Most banks hold off revised ATM charges  for...Most banks hold off revised ATM charges, for now
By TNN | 2 Nov, 2014, 06.28AM IST
0
Share More
Leading banks, including ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank, are continuing to offer free withdrawals from ATMs and five withdrawals at non-home bank ATMs.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Leading banks, including ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank , are continuing to offer free withdrawals from ATMs and five withdrawals at non-home bank ATMs even after the circular allowing them to restrict transactions comes into effect.
Several public sector banks are also yet to revise their charges while private banks such as Kotak Mahindra Bank and Yes Bank are allowing unlimited withdrawals from third-party ATMs to customers with larger balances. Axis Bank, which has the second largest network of 12,930 ATMs, has said that existing charges will continue for its customers. So have ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, which have the third and fourth largest networks of 11,447 and 11,426.
Kotak Bank continues to offer free withdrawals in ATMs across the country for customers maintaining a balance of over Rs 10,000. Yes Bank too offers unlimited access to all ATMs to most of its customers.
Last month, the RBI had said that effective November 1, banks can start charging account holders in six metros — Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata , Hyderabad and Bangalore — for transactions more than five times a month at their ATMs.
The number of free transactions at ATMs of third-party (non-home) banks was also cut to three from five earlier.
The country's largest debit card lender State Bank of India (SBI) has reviewed its ATM usage charges, allowing more free transactions to those who avoid visiting its branches, and unlimited transactions for those with large balances.
Effective November 1, SBI has limited branch withdrawals to four a month for those maintaining balances of up to Rs 25,000. For customers maintaining an average monthly balance of Rs 25,000 and above, the bank allows unlimited usage of its own ATM network, but will limit access to third-party ATMs to three transactions a month.
The bank will also increase the number of free transactions on its home network from five to nine if the customer does not visit a branch during the month.
Times View
As we have said earlier, the RBI has not only succumbed to pressure from the banks in allowing these charges, it has effectively moved the clock back. A modern banking system should ideally see fewer and fewer transactions being conducted at bank branches. If banks avail of the leeway given to them and levy these charges, it will on the contrary force many people to visit branches to avoid these fees.
We hope that the banks will recognize that these fees can only serve as an irritant for their customers without making a significant difference to their balance sheets and hence desist from levying them.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Has A Piece Of Earhart s Plane Finally Been Foundreddit
After decades of looking, researchers say they may finally have found a bit of wreckage from Amelia Earhart's plane.
The aluminum fragment was recovered in 1991 on Nikumaroro, an uninhabited island in the Pacific Ocean about 2,000 miles southwest of Hawaii. Some believe Earhart and her navigator, Fred Noonan, lived there as castaways after being forced to land during their 1937 attempt to circumnavigate the globe.
“This is the first time an artifact found on Nikumaroro has been shown to have a direct link to Amelia Earhart ,” Ric Gillespie, executive director of The International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery (TIGHAR), the non-profit group that made the identification, told Discovery News.
The aluminum fragment found on Nikumaroro, which may be a piece from Amelia Earhart's plane.
Researchers initially had little interest in the piece because its size and shape didn't seem to match any part of Earhart's Lockheed Electra aircraft .
But earlier this year, Gillespie and his colleagues spotted a shiny patch near the tail of Earhart's aircraft in a photo taken in Miami shortly before she took off on her second try at flying around the world on July 1, 1937. According to TIGHAR, the patch was placed where a window had been, an "expedient field modification," before her plane disappeared over the Pacific on July 2.
After an exhaustive re-analysis of the patch's size, shape, and rivet hole patterns, the TIGHAR researchers decided it was a match.
" The patch was as unique to her particular aircraft as a fingerprint is to an individual ," the researchers said in a written statement. "Research has now shown that a section of aircraft aluminum TIGHAR found on Nikumaroro in 1991 matches that fingerprint in many respects."
What do other scientists make of the claim?
"It seems plausible," Dr. Les Kaufman, a Boston University biology professor who has spoken as an expert witness about wreckage linked to Earhart. "I have been impressed with Ric Gillespie, who seems to me to be an honest broker, a knowledgable enthusiast, and generally cautious in drawing conclusions based upon limited evidence."
TIGHAR has conducted a series of expeditions to Nikumaroro, where researchers have discovered several artifacts they believe may be linked to Earhart : a jar of anti-freckle cream, a woman's compact, and buttons and a zipper from a flight jacket.
In 2013, sonar data revealed a strange 22-foot-long object under 600 feet of water near the remote island. At the time, TIGHAR speculated that the object was a piece of the Electra's fuselage.
The research group hopes to return to the area around Nikumaroro in June for a closer look at the sonar anomaly and to search for other potential relics.
Also on HuffPost:

Shiv Sena s advise to new BJP Govt: Don t take people for grantedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Peshmerga Convoy Enters Syria s Kobani After DelaysPeshmerga Fighters Enter Syria's Kobani To Join ISIS Fight
 | By                                                                ELENA BECATOROS and BASSEM MROUE
Posted:
Updated:
10/31/2014  5:59 pm EDT
Iraqi Kurdish peshmerga fighters cheer as they leave the outskirts of Suruc, Turkey, towards the Turkey-Syria border, on the way to the Syrian city of Kobani, Friday, Oct. 31, 2014.  (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
SURUC, Turkey (AP) — Iraqi peshmerga fighters began entering the Syrian border town of Kobani Friday night where they were expected to join the battle against Islamist militants besieging the town, activists said.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Kobani-based activist Mustafa Bani said 10 vehicles carrying Iraqi peshmerga fighters and their weapons have entered the town. They said the Iraqi Kurdish force entered from an area west of the town near the strategic Tel Shair hill.
The Observatory and Bali said it was not immediately clear how many peshmerga fighters of the force of 150 have entered Kobani.
It was not clear why the force did not enter from the main border crossing point between Kobani and Turkey although it is likely because the area is subjected to attacks by the Islamic State group fighters.
Earlier on Friday night, journalists in the Turkish border town of Suruc saw the peshmerga force leaving the area where they had stayed for days and headed toward Kobani.
The fighters left in a convoy Friday night while waving Kurdish flags and giving the victory sign. As soon as the news spread in Suruc, fireworks were let off.
The peshmerga fighters came out cheering "Kobani, Kobani," while honking the horns of their vehicles and waving their rifles in the air. A line of Turkish riot policemen stood in front to prevent photographers from taking pictures of the fighters as they left.
Earlier in the day a Kurdish official blamed Ankara for the delay of the peshmerga force deployment for days.
The official with Syria's powerful Kurdish Democratic Union Party, or PYD, claimed Turkish leaders had been hoping that militants from the Islamic State group would capture the town before the Iraqi fighters entered.
"There have been so many delays and the peshmerga are not to blame. The Turks are behind the delays," he said, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter. He added that attacks by IS on Kobani have increased meanwhile.
His comments illustrated the deep distrust between Syria's Kurds and Turkey. Relations between Turkey and Syria's Kurds have long been strained, in large part because Ankara believes the PYD is affiliated with the Kurdish PKK movement that has waged a long and bloody insurgency in southeast Turkey.
On Oct. 22, lawmakers in Iraq's largely autonomous Kurdish region authorized peshmerga forces to travel to neighboring Syria and help fellow Kurds. The peshmerga fighters arr'ived in Turkey on Tuesday and have been staying in a facility in Suruc.
Anwar Muslim, a Syrian Kurdish official in Kobani, said earlier that the vanguard force that entered the town Thursday discussed defensive positions and strategy against the Islamic State group with the town's Kurdish defenders before leaving the town.
The hope is that the Iraqi Kurdish fighters will help reverse gains by Islamic State militants who have captured parts of the town as well as dozens of nearby villages.
The senior Kurdish official said "the peshmerga want to go in as soon as possible. This is very important for us regarding Kurdish unity. When the peshmerga and People's Protection Units are fighting together, this boosts the morale of the Kurdish people."
He said the peshmerga fighters are bringing with them heavy machineguns and most importantly anti-tank missiles. The official said Kurdish fighters in Kobani don't currently have the weapons to stop the tanks that the Islamic State group is using.
Islamic State fighters have been using heavy armored vehicles they had captured from Iraqi and Syrian troops when they conquered large parts of Iraq and Syria in June. With modern weapons in Kurdish hands, the balance of power could start tipping in their favor in Kobani.
In Paris, Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the international community is focusing too much on the battle over Kobani and called for strikes in other parts of Syria.
Speaking at a news conference with French President Francois Hollande, Erdogan said, "We're only talking about Kobani, a city on the Turkish border where there is almost no one left besides 2,000 fighters."
"It's difficult to understand this approach: why are coalition forces continually bombarding Kobani? Why don't the coalition forces want to act in other zones?" Erdogan said.
The expected peshmerga deployment, accompanied by 50 members of the Free Syrian Army, was condemned by Syria's government as an act of Turkish aggression and a "blatant violation of Syrian sovereignty."
The official's comments came as the U.S. Central Command said American warplanes conducted four airstrikes near Kobani damaging four Islamic State fighting positions and one building occupied by the group.
Muslim and the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Kurdish fighters in Kobani fought heavy battles with the Islamic State group that launched an offensive in the town six weeks ago.
"We have 10 martyrs in the past 24 hours," Muslim said, adding that corpses of Muslim militants are on their ground and they can't pick them up.
The Observatory said 22 Kurdish fighters were killed and 19 jihadis were killed on Thursday alone. The group added that 21 fighters with the Islamic State's police force known as Hisba, were killed in airstrikes by the U.S.-led coalition on Thursday.
Islamic State militants launched the attack on Kobani in mid-September, capturing dozens of Kurdish villages in addition to parts of the border town. More than 200,000 people have fled to Turkey and more than 800 people have died, activists say.
____
Mroue reported from Beirut. Associated Press writer Zeina Karam contributed to this report from Beirut.
Also on HuffPost:

Ambanis likely to adopt Varanasi ghats under  Clean IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Modi  Shah open doors for new BJP membersPM Modi, Shah open doors for new BJP members
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 01, 2014
First Published: 17:58 IST(1/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:16 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP's) nationwide membership campaign at the party headquarters in Delhi on Saturday, stressing an inclusive agenda and asking the cadre to reach out to every section of the society.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi became the first online member of the BJP followed by party president Amit Shah. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
The drive aims to triple the BJP's numbers from the current 35 million — which would make it the world’s largest political organisation — at a time when the party is riding high on its successes in the April-May Lok Sabha elections and the recently held assembly polls in Maharashtra and Haryana.
This is the first time the BJP has set such an ambitious membership target, far beyond the 20% benchmark of previous years, and the drive will go on till March 31. If it manages to meet its target, it would have overtaken the Communist Party of China, the world’s largest with nearly 87 million workers.
Addressing a gathering of party leaders and workers on the occasion, Modi said, "BJP should also come across as a diverse party. People from all strata of society should feel that we have a representative in this vase of flowers."
"The poor and illiterate should also feel that we are a part of this party. The organisation should be expanded in such a manner that it is representative of all and can fulfil the dreams of all," said the Prime Minister, who had harped on inclusive development and wellbeing of all during Lok Sabha election campaigns.
Modi also put emphasis on 'horizontal development' - which he described as reaching out to remote villages and ensuring at least one party member in every village - and 'vertical development' - which he described as strengthening of the organisation.
Earlier, delivering the introductory speech on the occasion, BJP national president Amit Shah Shah said, "It's an important and fortunate day for us because our membership drive will be launched by PM Modiji.
Delhi : PM Narendra Modi & BJP President Amit Shah at the launch of BJP membership drive at party headquarter pic.twitter.com/zpPuk8MNqF
— ANI (@ANI_news) November 1, 2014
A smartphone in his hand, Modi became the first online member of the party. He was followed by Shah.
"To become the member of such a party is a matter of pride," Modi said, "Every member of the party is a representative of the people."
The Prime Minister added the BJP was one of the world's most important organisations and could even be a subject of study.
"The BJP is one of the most important organisations in the world. Yet we have never positioned it like that. To be a member of BJP is to live the disciplined life it demands... every member of BJP is a representative of the people."
Asking BJP workers to toil hard, he said, "Put your everything into it... Like you do during an election campaign... It (the drive) should become an inspiration for parties across the world."
Reaching out to the young and educated India, a considerable section of which is believed to be averse to politics, Modi asserted, "Politics is not dirty. If it were, Mahatma Gandhi would not have ventured into it."
Modi said that getting membership of the BJP earlier was difficult but it had become easier now due to the digital revolution adopted by the party.
The BJP has launched a toll-free number — 18002662020 — to facilitate the drive, laying stress on new-age technology that reaped it rich dividends in the Lok Sabha election campaign. Renewal of membership through SMS is also possible.
The BJP's dependence on technology in the drive prompted Modi to describe his party as 'Digital BJP'.
The saffron party expects three to four times increase in the number of its members in every state. The drive that started Saturday will continue till March 31, 2015.
The BJP, which was able to take the 'achche din (good days)' slogan to every nook and corner of the nation in the run-up to the general elections, coined a new catchphrase for its membership drive: 'Saath aaye, desh banaye (Come together, build the country)'.
Modi said the politics of mass agitation was over as people today wanted political workers to play a vital role in solving their daily problems. Incidentally, the last few years of UPA rule had witnessed a series of mass agitations, reflecting people’s anger on various issues.
BJP workers are required to renew their membership every six years and the new membership would be valid for 2015-21.
The party plans to prepare a database of members, link them to BJP booths in their localities and hold regular meetings.
“Review meetings have taken place. Party workers are excited about the programme. They have set a target to increase membership by at least three-fold,” BJP president Shah said. 
(with agency inputs)

Budget new ray of hope for poor  downtrodden: ModiBudget new ray of hope for poor  downtrodden: Modi
Murali fortunate to play international cricketTweet
0
Former Pakistan batsman Mohammad Yousuf has said that Sri Lankan legend  Muttiah Muralitharan would not have played top flight cricket if today’s restrictions on chucking were in place during the off-spinner’s playing days.
The International Cricket Council (ICC), in a bid to curb chucking, recently suspended the likes of Saeed Ajmal , Sachithra Senanayake, Prosper Utseya , Kane Williamson and Sohag Gazi – all five of them being off-spinners –  after it was found, on testing at ICC-accredited centre, that they straightened their arm beyond 15 degrees while bowling. 
Yousuf   said : "Murali straightened his elbow well past the current allowed limit of 15 degrees but he was fortunate to play top-flight cricket because at that time the ICC protocol was different."
"I played him a lot of times and I know how he exceeded the 15-degree limit. With each ball, one could see him speed up his deliveries and I told him myself 'you are lucky to be playing'." 
With 1,347 wickets to his name, Muralitharan, who retired from international cricket after the 2011 50-over World Cup finals, against India, is the leading wicket-taker in international cricket. 
Supports ICC’s crackdown on suspect action
Fully backing the ICC’s stand, the 40-year-old, who represented Pakistan in 381 international matches scoring over 17,000 international runs, said: "You could hear the sound of speed as the ball came out of his hand. Under the old protocol, bowlers who straightened their arm beyond 15 degrees like Murali, were allowed to play on medical grounds but now things are different and I support these changes.
“Their (ICC) CEO has made this very clear and overall I think there is lot of support for these new protocols while testing suspect bowlers." 
Originally published on Sportskeeda.com here
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

PM Narendra Modi to address the nation on Man ki Baat programme at 11 amtodayPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 9:35 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 3:07 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday promised to get back every penny of the black money stashed abroad, days after his government was accused of making a U-turn on the issue. He said the efforts to bring back black money stashed abroad are on the “right track” even as he acknowledged that there was no correct estimate about how much money is kept illegally in foreign countries.
In an address to the nation over radio, he said that bringing back black money from outside the country is an “article of faith” for him and nothing will be lacking in his efforts to do so. The Prime Minister’s commitment to bring back black money stashed abroad comes against the backdrop of the stand it first took in the Supreme Court last week about the inability to disclose the names of the account holders in foreign banks because of the confidentially clause in treaties with other countries.
It had maintained that disclosure of details of account holders would hamper efforts to bring back black money. The government beat a hasty retreat after the Supreme Court ordered it to disclose the names of account holders in HSBC Geneva which amounted to 627 in number. The government also came under attack from opposition parties that it was going back on its election promise to unearth and bring back black money stashed abroad.
Modi said there may be differences in approach on getting this money back but he was committed to doing it and the nation should have faith in him. “As far as black money is concerned. You should have faith on this ‘pradhan sevak’. For me, it is an article of faith. Every penny of the money of poor people in this country, which has gone out, should return. This is my commitment,” Modi said in ‘Mann ki Baat’ programme on All India Radio.
“There may be differences over the approach and procedures, which is natural in a democracy. But as far as my understanding goes and on the basis of information I have, I can say we are on the right track,” he said. On the actual estimate about amount in illegal bank
accounts in foreign countries, the Prime Minister said, “Nobody knows, nor do I know, nor does the government know, nor do you know, how much money is stashed abroad. Even the previous government had no estimate.
“Everybody is making own assessment of figures. I do not want to get involved in those figures. It is my commitment that whatever amount, Rs 2, Rs 5, crore of rupees or whatever, this money belongs to the poor people of this country and should come back.
“And I can assure you that nothing will be lacking in my efforts. I only want your blessings to continue.” He asserted that whatever has to be done, will be done at the earliest. In his second radio address, which lasted about 20 minutes, the Prime Minister also continued…

Haryana Land Scam: Irked Robert Vadra Loses Cool  Attacks Scribes Over  TouchyHaryana Land Scam: Irked Robert Vadra Loses Cool  Attacks Scribes Over  Touchy
Spaceship co-pilot was experienced test pilotSpaceship co-pilot was experienced test pilot
Mahindra tractor sales down 16.61% in OctoberNew Delhi, November 1, 2014
Updated: November 1, 2014 17:14 IST
Mahindra tractor sales down 16.61% in October
PTI
Reuters Domestic tractor sales last month fell by 17.93 per cent to 30,800 units as against 37,532 units in October 2013.
TOPICS
road transport
Mahindra & Mahindra on Saturday reported 16.61 per cent decline in its total tractor sales at 31,907 units in October. It had sold 38,263 units in the same month last year, M&M said in a statement.
Domestic tractor sales last month fell by 17.93 per cent to 30,800 units as against 37,532 units in October 2013. However, exports during the month increased by 51.43 per cent to 1,107 units as compared to 731 units in October last year.
M&M chief executive (Farm Equipment and Two Wheeler Division) Rajesh Jejurikar said: “The delayed rains and sowing have led to a sluggish industry. Our recently launched Arjun Novo tractor has been very well received in the market and we hope that this will help us drive sales in a challenging environment.”

Making agriculture attractive for youthMaking agriculture attractive for youth
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 1:  
With the cost of production in agriculture going up significantly making the youth to shun farming, the Telangana Government has decided to start a three-month certificate course to teach the youth how to reduce expenditure and increase incomes.
The course, which does not offer any job opportunities, is aimed at equipping the youth with tools to face the challenges that make farming activity a difficult proposition. The Government organised a meeting here on Saturday in which about 80 young farmers from different parts of the State attended.
The Department of Agriculture officials have taken feedback from the youth on the problems they faced.
The Director of Extension at the Prof. Jayashankar Agriculture University, Raji Reddy, said that the course would have classes on the farm management and efficient use of water.
“The Government will create a dedicated website to make the information handy for the farmers,” a Government official said after the meeting.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Budget lacks roadmaps: ManmohanBudget lacks roadmaps: Manmohan
Jaitley puts money in the hands of taxpayersJaitley puts money in the hands of taxpayers
Elon Musk  Jeff Bezos running the space trad...Amazon.com
NEW YORK: Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic company is reeling from the loss of SpaceShipTwo, which crashed in California's Mojave desert on Friday, killing one of its pilots and seriously injuring the other. Branson, a billionaire business mogul whose Virgin group of companies have ranged from music to airlines to mobile phones, founded Virgin Galactic ten years ago with the aim of offering flights to the edge of space for anyone who could pay the $250,000 price tag. The future of Virgin's commercial suborbital flight program is unclear in the wake of the tragic accident.
The 64-year-old Branson is not the only businessman in the space trade. Historically space and aviation have been a point of fascination for moguls who have made their fortune and want to accomplish something bigger. Eccentric millionaire Howard Hughes , who made his name in the film business in the 1920s and 1930s, fixated on aerospace and aviation and built innovative airplanes and set air-speed flying records. And James Lick, a real estate tycoon, spent a fortune building a state-of-the-art telescope and observatory in 1876 in San Jose, California.
Today, the concept of space travel has proved an irresistible allure for many entrepreneurs who've made it in the tech world, and they have been spurred on by NASA's increasing reliance on private companies to conduct space missions. The industry has been rocked by SpaceShipTwo's crash coming just days after the explosion of an Orbital Sciences Corp. commercial supply rocket bound for the International Space Station. But the race for commercial space travel continues. Here's a look at the major tech titans leading the way:
ELON MUSK
The 43-year-old co-founder of PayPal and head of Tesla Motors launched Space Exploration Technologies Corp. in 2002 with the ultimate goal of developing the technology to allow humans to live on other planets. SpaceX, as it is known, designs, makes and launches advanced rockets and spacecraft. In 2012, NASA hired SpaceX to deliver cargo and eventually astronauts to the International Space Station. The company's spacecraft have since made five trips to the International Space Station and back, including four official resupply missions. The Hawthorne, California company has over 3,000 employees and operates three spacecraft: Dragon, Falcon Heavy and Falcon 8. Its Dragon spacecraft is expected to begin manned missions in the next two to three years.
JEFF BEZOS
The 50-year-old co-founder of Amazon.com Inc. started Blue Origin in Kent, Washington state, in 2000 to develop technology to make human access to space easier. It is currently focused on developing rocket-powered vertical takeoff and landing vehicles for access to the edge of space and beyond. As of 2012 Blue Origin had received $22 million from NASA. Its crew and cargo vehicle, called New Shepard, is designed to eventually take tourists to suborbit. Last month, United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Lockheed Martin Corp. and Boeing Co. that launches unmanned rockets, picked Blue Origin to develop a rocket engine that could eventually replace the Russian rocket engine used in many American unmanned launches.
PAUL ALLEN
The Microsoft Corp. co-founder teamed with aerospace pioneer Burt Rutan in 2004 on the experimental SpaceShipOne, which was launched from a special aircraft. It became the first privately financed, manned spacecraft to dash into space and later won the $10 million Ansari X Prize for accomplishing the feat twice in two weeks. More recently, the 61-year-old's Stratolaunch Systems, based in Hunstville, Alabama, is developing the world's biggest plane to help launch cargo and astronauts into space. Called Thunderbolt , it is tentatively scheduled to launch in 2018. Stratolaunch is working with Orbital Sciences and Rutan's Scaled Composites. SpaceShipTwo was piloted by Scaled Composites, under contract with Virgin Galactic, during this week's fatal crash.
JEFF GREASON
The rocket scientist and former Intel Corp. employee founded XCOR Aerospace in 1989. XCOR also is pursuing space tourism and hopes to conduct flight tests for its Lynx spaceship beginning in 2015. In September, XCOR was partner to the Federal Aviation Administration approving a commercial space launch license for Midland International Airport in Texas, where XCOR operates a research and development center. The 50-employee company is based at Mojave Air and Spaceport in Southern California and has built 13 different rocket engines and built and flown two manned rocket-powered aircraft _ the EZ-Rocket and the X-Racer. Greason has served on the U.S. Human Space Flight Plans Committee.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Narendra Modi to address the nation on Man ki Baat programme at 11 am todayPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 9:35 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 3:07 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday promised to get back every penny of the black money stashed abroad, days after his government was accused of making a U-turn on the issue. He said the efforts to bring back black money stashed abroad are on the “right track” even as he acknowledged that there was no correct estimate about how much money is kept illegally in foreign countries.
In an address to the nation over radio, he said that bringing back black money from outside the country is an “article of faith” for him and nothing will be lacking in his efforts to do so. The Prime Minister’s commitment to bring back black money stashed abroad comes against the backdrop of the stand it first took in the Supreme Court last week about the inability to disclose the names of the account holders in foreign banks because of the confidentially clause in treaties with other countries.
It had maintained that disclosure of details of account holders would hamper efforts to bring back black money. The government beat a hasty retreat after the Supreme Court ordered it to disclose the names of account holders in HSBC Geneva which amounted to 627 in number. The government also came under attack from opposition parties that it was going back on its election promise to unearth and bring back black money stashed abroad.
Modi said there may be differences in approach on getting this money back but he was committed to doing it and the nation should have faith in him. “As far as black money is concerned. You should have faith on this ‘pradhan sevak’. For me, it is an article of faith. Every penny of the money of poor people in this country, which has gone out, should return. This is my commitment,” Modi said in ‘Mann ki Baat’ programme on All India Radio.
“There may be differences over the approach and procedures, which is natural in a democracy. But as far as my understanding goes and on the basis of information I have, I can say we are on the right track,” he said. On the actual estimate about amount in illegal bank
accounts in foreign countries, the Prime Minister said, “Nobody knows, nor do I know, nor does the government know, nor do you know, how much money is stashed abroad. Even the previous government had no estimate.
“Everybody is making own assessment of figures. I do not want to get involved in those figures. It is my commitment that whatever amount, Rs 2, Rs 5, crore of rupees or whatever, this money belongs to the poor people of this country and should come back.
“And I can assure you that nothing will be lacking in my efforts. I only want your blessings to continue.” He asserted that whatever has to be done, will be done at the earliest. In his second radio address, which lasted about 20 minutes, the Prime Minister also continued…

Virgin Galactic crash: Richard Branson determined to find what went wrongVirgin Galactic crash: Richard Branson determined to find what went wrong
Vadra Goes Scot-Free over Controversial Land Deals  Kejriwal EnragedVadra Goes Scot-Free over Controversial Land Deals  Kejriwal Enraged
This week s top videosprint
This week's top videos
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s US visit maintained the spotlight over the last week as he conquered television scenes. From highlights of his Madison Square speech to the biggest controversies of Asian Games 2014, here is a round up of this week's most watched videos.
1. Watch: The highlights of Modi's Madison Square speech
2. HT Explains: What Modi's maiden US visit means for India
3. 5 controversial decisions made in the Asian Games 2014
4. 'I practised my Haider monologue sitting in a tub': Shahid Kapoor
5. Why is this 75-year-old woman teaching charkha spinning to college students?

Indian real estate markets in caution mode: IIM Bangalore  MB HSI reportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RBI on Fed taper: India will need domestic funding for infraeconomy, business and finance
Earlier this month, Reserve Bank’s Deputy Governor Urjit Patel spoke about the impact the US Federal Reserve’s Taper would have on India to The Hindu. The interview was conducted before the Fed’s vote on Wednesday to end its bond buying stimulus, or Quantitative Easing (QE) and at the same time leave unchanged its pledge to keep interest rates in the US at near-zero levels ‘for a considerable time’. When contacted on Thursday, Dr Patel confirmed his views remain unchanged after the Fed’s decision to end the QE.
Q: What will be the impact of the US Fed’s decision to end the QE programme?
India will have to prepare for this normalisation due to which there will be some movement of capital back home to the US. We got a taste of this last year. Since then we have higher reserves, lower current account deficit, easing inflation and we are on a path of fiscal consolidation. There is good news that prices of commodities such as crude, fertilisers, gold and coal , of which India is a big importer, are easing.. There is bad news too if global economy forecasts keep coming down and if the global economy does not break out of the ‘mediocre growth’ that has been talked about.
Q: It is expected that the US Fed will raise interest rates from their current near-zero levels some time in mid-2015. When do you expect it to do so?
The Fed will inevitably be raising interest rates because the US domestic policy goals that inform monetary policy will warrant exit from unconventional policies that have been pursued all along. Asset sales will have to stop which means interest rates cannot remain zero. This was inevitable and at some point had to happen. The US unemployment rates are dropping which is likely to put upward pressure on wages and therefore to keep inflation down to the 2-per cent objective, interest rates will have to rise and monetary policy will have to be normalised.
Q: What will be the impact on India?
For India, the taper will thus imply that the funding for infrastructure will have to be domestic. And, if [Government] policies are aligned—especially on the energy side—we could be surprised by the uptick [in growth]. Policy changes will produce cash flows from projects in the pipeline and that will also crowd in more private investments.
Q: The Reserve Bank’s annual report had flagged the record high in non-performing assets (NPAs) in the infrastrcuture sector and stressed the need for the Government to smoothen out the policy hurdles holding up these projects. What can the Modi Government do?
Also, if one goes behind the numbers on NPAs of the banking system in the infrastructure sector, it is important to note that these assets are real and can quickly bring in cash for the banking system if we just fix two-three thingssuch as power purchase agreements, fuel supply agreements. This should be the main task - to square that circle.
Q: While the US Fed is ending its monetary stimulus -- of ultra low interest rates and supply of funds under the QE programme -- to the US economy, the US Government is said to be considering a fiscal spending push to infrastructure to perk up the gradually recovering American economy. Will it work?
A: We understand that people are talking about the bazooka of increased fiscal spending to fund infrastructure investments and have two comments to make on that: When you are planning on beginning a cycle of raising interest rates it is not a good time for starting publicly driven infrastructure investments. Five to six years ago in 2009 when interest rates were going to be lowered was the right time to do that. That is because when you are exiting from unconventional monetary policy and will be raising interest rates the cost of publicly funded infrastructure projects will rise. We don't think the developed countries have the fiscal room to do this. The US debt to GDP [Gross Domestic Product] ratio is already more than 100 per cent and in addition, they have public spending commitments for healthcare, old age pensions and social security.

AbbVie wants to look at deals outside the U.S.AbbVie wants to look at deals outside the U.S.
AbbVie Says Strong Results Lessen Need For Big Deal
AbbVie, which this month abandoned its planned $55 billion purchase of Dublin drugmaker Shire reported impressive quarterly earnings on demand for its Humira arthritis drug
AbbVie, which this month abandoned its planned $55 billion purchase of Dublin drugmaker Shire reported impressive quarterly earnings on demand for its Humira arthritis drug
AbbVie wants to look at deals outside the U.S.
AbbVie rules out blockbuster deals
Humira one of the bright spots in better-than-expected results for AbbVie
North Chicago-based AbbVie, which recently scrapped a $55 billion offer to buy Shire in a deal that would have moved its headquarters overseas, said Friday it has the "wherewithal to be active" on the mergers and acquisitions scene and that it has "an incentive to look outside the United States first."
Read the story
"Our highest priority for our cash is to deploy it to further grow the business and make the business more healthy going forward," Chief Executive Richard Gonzalez said Friday during an earnings call with analysts. "What I don't think is that we absolutely have an imperative to run out and do another $50 billion deal."
Growth prospects for AbbVie don't require it to do a deal of that size, he said.
The deal for Shire would have enabled AbbVie to reduce its tax rate, which was 22 percent in the third quarter. The company said it will continue to consider buying individual product lines as well as mid-sized and larger companies.
0
On Oct. 20, AbbVie's board authorized a new $5 billion stock repurchase program and increased the company's quarterly cash dividend by nearly 17 percent.
During the Friday call, the company characterized its balance sheet as "strong," and said returning cash to shareholders remains a high priority.
"We have access to the cash for offshore acquisitions, and we have access to the cash if we choose to repatriate it," Gonzalez said. "Obviously, we have an incentive to look outside the United States first if we choose to, but we have total flexibility as it relates to our cash."
One analyst asked whether management felt that AbbVie was vulnerable to a takeover.
"Our goal as a company is to stay a strong, sustainable, independent company," an executive on the call said.
AbbVie early Friday reported earnings and sales in the third quarter that exceeded analysts' expectations. It also raised its earnings forecast for the full year.
Standout products for the company have included Humira. The company said it's seeing positive results in studies in which Humira is used to treat a chronic inflammatory skin condition for which there are currently no approved treatment options. It's on track to submit its U.S. and European regulatory applications for the treatment this year.
In mid-morning trading on Friday, AbbVie stock was up 3.6 percent to $63.38 a share.

The return of the India vs Sri Lanka showdownThe return of the India v Sri Lanka showdown
After a bit of a break in bilateral series, the clichéd India-Sri Lanka rivalry resumes on Sunday.
By Andrew Fidel Fernando | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 1 Nov, 2014 6:31 PM IST
Start time 1330 local (0800 GMT)
Big Picture
The only thing more clichéd than India v Sri Lanka matches now, are jokes about how clichéd India v Sri Lanka matches are. There was a time when incessant reciprocal tours between these teams had begun to grate, but lately, Pakistan has played more against Sri Lanka, and the six most recent India v Sri Lanka ties came at multi-team tournaments.
It is not quite a storied rivalry, but interesting sub-plots have brewed in recent years. MS Dhoni hit that six off Nuwan Kulasekara to claim the World Cup in 2011, and this year, Thisara Perera got a little revenge for Sri Lanka, when he clobbered R Ashwin over the straight boundary to seal the World T20 final. Virat Kohli rarely fails to dominate the Sri Lanka attack, but Thisara likes playing India almost as much, having first made his name against them. Angelo Mathews and Virat Kohli are the shiny young leaders in world cricket, and with both teams prime contenders for the World Cup next year, the series will see the sides size each other up, perhaps knowing they could be crossing swords in the knockouts in Australia or New Zealand.
But India v Sri Lanka matches could also quickly regain their reputation for monotony if Sri Lanka cannot de-rust quickly. India are fit and firing after their clinical victories against West Indies and England. The Sri Lanka team have had six weeks of fitness training on end, so they should all have six-pack abs, but as they have barely netted in the past two months, they may need reminding which lines on the pitch mean what, or where their feet should move when the bowler does that thing with his fingers and wrist that makes the ball bounce weirdly.
There is pressure on Sri Lanka's batting to come good in the series, in order to give the green attack a little breathing space. India's top four, meanwhile, will expect to take full toll of the opposition's inexperience. They have rattled plenty of better attacks in recent years.
Form guide
India: WWLLW (last five completed matches, most recent first)
Sri Lanka:WWLLW
In the spotlight
Only 27, and on the cusp of the 200-ODI milestone, Suresh Raina has divided opinion in the past, but has continued to make brisk, meaty contributions from the middle order. He is going into his 200th ODI with some form. He hit 62 and 71 - both at better than a run-a-ball - against West Indies, and had hit a hundred against England in Cardiff. With MS Dhoni not playing in this series, Raina may have to pick up some slack when it comes time to finishing the innings.
There is perhaps no current cricketer who would hate skimping on preparation more than Kumar Sangakkara . Planning and practice are the cornerstones of his game, and when the sudden tour of India was announced, Sangakkara's displeasure at having so little time to gear up found voice on Twitter. He has been typically prolific this year, hitting 728 runs in 18 ODIs so far, but will his experience see him maintain that productivity? Or will his cricket be more sensitive to less-than-ideal preparation than some others'?
Teams news
Mohammed Shami's undisclosed injury will create an opening, and Amit Mishra , Akshar Patel, Varun Aaron and Umesh Yadav are competing for the two places up for grabs. With two frontline spinners already in the XI, Umesh and Aaron may have the inside track. Wriddhiman Saha has recovered from a finger injury and is all set to take the gloves in Dhoni's stead.
India: 1 Ajinkya Rahane , 2 Shikhar Dhawan , 3 Virat Kohli (capt), 4 Ambati Rayudu , 5 Suresh Raina , 6 Wriddhiman Saha (wk), 7 Ravindra Jadeja , 8 R Ashwin, 9 Ishant Sharma , 10 Umesh Yadav , 11 Varun Aaron
Sri Lanka have plenty of gaps to fill in the absence of their two best bowlers, and two batting spots still up for grabs. Upul Tharanga 's 76 in the practice match will probably see him take guard opposite Tillakaratne Dilshan in Sunday's match, while Ashan Priyanjan is the most likely man to slot into the middle order. Suraj Randiv may play his first ODI in three years, but will probably have to keep seam bowler Lahiru Gamage out to do so. Niroshan Dickwella may play if Sangakkara's back complaint has not cleared up.
Sri Lanka (probable): 1 Upul Tharanga , 2 Tillakaratne Dilshan , 3 Kumar Sangakkara , 4 Mahela Jayawardene 5 Ashan Priyanjan, 6 Angelo Mathews (capt), 7 Thisara Perera , 8 Seekkuge Prasanna , 9 Dhammika Prasad, 10 Nuwan Kulasekara , 11 Suraj Randiv /Lahiru Gamage
Pitch and conditions
The Barabati Stadium groundsman has promised a track full of runs - one on which he expects 280 to 300 to be a good score. Dew may form in the early evening, however, making bowling first the obvious choice for the captains, so long as the pitch looks like it will stay together.
Stats & trivia
Sri Lanka have played eight bilateral ODI series in India with their best result being a 1-1 draw in 1997-98. India won the other seven
India have never lost more than one match in a bilateral ODI series against Sri Lanka at home
Suresh Raina 's first match of the series will be his 200th ODI. He will become the 12th individual to play 200 ODIs for India. This does not include Zaheer Khan who has also played 200 ODIs, but only 194 for India and 6 for Asia XI. Overall, 66 players have already been part of 200 ODIs
If Raina posts a 50+ score in his first ODI of the series, his 200th overall, he will have exactly eighteen 50+ scores in his first 100 ODIs and eighteen in his next hundred ODIs. If he goes on to score 111, his average in both sets of matches will also be exactly the same - 36.45
Quotes
"I always like being captain of the side. It gives me an opportunity to test myself in different aspects of the game. It's something that I enjoy, especially having a young side with not so much of experience is always an exciting thing."
Stand-in India captain Virat Kohli is looking forward to the assignment
"We are giving opportunities to our bench strength, and [will try to] also see that we keep the winning momentum going. It's about balancing both the things."
Sri Lanka captain Angelo Mathews states his team's objectives
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Adani Gas  GSPC Gas hike CNG  PNG prices in GujaratAdani Gas, GSPC Gas hike CNG, PNG prices in Gujarat
Rutam Vora
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Nov 1:  
After the Central government's revision in the domestic gas prices under the “New Domestic Gas Pricing Guidelines – 2014” private sector gas distribution player in Gujarat, Adani Gas has increased its gas prices.
Citing the upward revision in APM Gas prices by the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas (MOPNG) from $4.20 per metric million british thermal unit (MMBTU) – NCV Basis to $5.05 per MMBTU – GCV Basis Adani Gas increased gas prices for its domestic and automobile users in Ahmedabad and Vadodara.
"Consequently price of CNG in Ahmedabad and Vadodara is revised to Rs 48.09 per Kg from Rs 43.81 Kg and Price of PNG (Domestic) is revised to Rs 632.45 per MMBtu (approx. Rs. 24.56 per standard cubic metre) excluding VAT from Rs 569.71 per MMBtu (approx. Rs. 21.96 per SCM) excluding VAT with effect from November 1, 2014," a company statement said on Saturday.
Adani Gas serves about 1,90,000 households and approximately 1,50,000 CNG users in Ahmedabad and Vadodara.
On Friday, the state-run gas distribution player, GSPC Gas had announced increase in Gas prices.
GSPC Gas hiked the gas prices for CNG from Rs 44.90 per kg to Rs 48.50 per kg with taxes.
PNG prices have been revised upwards from from Rs 23.50 per SCM to Rs 24.83 per SCM (without taxes).
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Adani Gas raises CNG  PNG prices in Ahmedabad  VadodaraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Good morning  BengaluruUpdated: November 1, 2014 18:07 IST
Good morning, Bengaluru
The Hindu On the eve of the 59th Karnataka Rajyotsava, the government on Friday issued a special gazette notification to change the names of 12 cities and towns. File Photo: K. Murali Kumar
12 cities in State to have new names from today
It is now official. The State capital has shed its anglicised name Bangalore. It will be called by a name with a distinct local flavour: Bengaluru.
On the eve of the 59th Karnataka Rajyotsava, the government on Friday issued a special gazette notification to change the names of 12 cities and towns.
The changes will come into effect from November 1, 2014, said the notification, which spells the changed names in both Devanagari and Roman (English) scripts, and Kannada. The Chief Minister Siddaramaiah announced the change of names at his home office ‘Krishna’.
The Union Ministry of Home Affairs gave its approval saying “it has no objection to the change of names”, eight years after the State government sent the proposal following a suggestion by the late U.R. Ananthamurthy, Jnanpith award winner. Law and Parliamentary Affairs Minister T.B. Jayachandra said, “We have changed the names. It is now left to institutions and government bodies to make suitable changes.” Several firms and TV channels have been using the new name.
Some of the other cities that have been renamed over the years:
RELATED NEWS

BJP  Sena dont stand for Hindus in limited sense... All those who believe in India are HinduHome
Economy
'BJP, Sena don’t stand for Hindus in limited sense... All those who believe in India are Hindu'
Anil Sasi | Published:  Nov 02 2014, 00:27  IST
Nov 02 2014, 00:27  IST
 

Power blackout hits Bangladesh as substation glitch breaks link with IndiaPrint
A Bangladeshi man walks in a shopping mall during a blackout in Dhaka on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 8:34 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 1:21 am
Bangladesh was hit by a blackout around noon on Saturday that resulted in a near-total grid failure on their side, which then led to a disruption in power supply from India to that country.
Bangladesh’s initial reaction to the outage was to blame it on a tripping of the link between the two countries that has been operational since October 2013. Indian grid managers have substantially rebutted this, saying the glitch originated in the Bangladesh power grid system, which led to a tripping of a key HVDC (high voltage direct current) terminal at Bheramara in southwestern Bangladesh and supply from India stopped as a result.
The HVDC terminal is a crucial gateway of the inter-country grid system that hooks up the two power networks through a 400-kilo volt line that runs from Baharampur in West Bengal to Bheramara, with a capacity to wheel about 500 MW of power between the two countries.
At the time of power disruption in Bangladesh, India was maintaining its routine supply of around 450 MW through the HVDC terminal at Bheramara. According to Indian officials, the blackout resulted in a tripping of the HVDC terminal and supply from India stopped. The terminal interconnecting the two grids is designed in such a manner that power to Bangladesh can be transferred only if the systems on the Bangladeshi side maintain normal frequency. The outage on the Bangladesh side led to a drop in frequency, causing the terminal to snap.
Bangladesh has a cumulative load of around 5,000 MW.
According to officials, till late Saturday evening, Bangladesh had not been able to restore the western part of its grid and as a result, the supply from the Indian side is yet to be resumed. They said no grid disturbance had been reported on the Indian side and the grid parameters have remained stable throughout the day.
Incidentally, Bangladesh’s initial reaction was to blame the blackout on the failure of the transmission line bringing electricity from India. Masum-Al-Beruni, managing director of the state-run Power Grid Company of Bangladesh Ltd was quoted by the Associated Press as saying the blackout was caused by a “technical glitch” and indicating that it could have to do with the line with India.
The head of the national grid in Bangladesh, Chowdhury Alamgir Hossain, reportedly told the Dhaka Tribune newspaper that the power cut began after “a technical glitch at a substation distributing power from India”.
 

New rail law to make it tough to claim compe...New rail law to make it tough to claim compensation in cases of 'untoward' incidents
Avinash Celestine, ET Bureau Nov 2, 2014, 04.29AM IST
Tags:
compensation law
(More rail passengers die…)
Last Saturday, a 40-year-old man named Ramesh Rai died while trying to board a train at New Delhi railway station. According to news reports, as the Bihar-bound train arrived, Rai ran to board it, lost his footing amidst the immense crush of passengers, fell on the tracks before the oncoming train and was crushed beneath it. There was overcrowding on the platform from the thousands of people waiting to get to Bihar for the Chhath Puja festival.
Under current law, Rai's next of kin can claim compensation from the Railways for up to Rs 4 lakh from a tribunal specially set up for the purpose. Witnesses will be deposed and police, railway and medical reports examined. The processing of the claim can take up to two years or even longer.
However, amendments to the Railways Act proposed by the government will make it far harder to claim compensation. The onus will be on claimants to prove that the passenger in question was not acting out of 'carelessness' or 'negligence'.
The law itself is being far more narrowly defined. In a statement to parliament to introduce the amendments, railway minister DV Sadananda Gowda put forward a bunch of reasons for the amendments, one of the main ones being that, according to the Railways, a large chunk of compensation claims are false.
"False claims are increasing manifold," said Gowda. Further, he said: "Negligence of the passengers and misadventures of passengers sometimes lead to accidents, but finally claims are being preferred against the Railways." He also referred to duplicate claims being filed at multiple tribunals across the country.
Compensation Concerns
When it comes to railway safety, much of the focus has been on accidents,collisions or derailments. Numerous committees, including most recently the Kakodkar committee, have looked into the issue of railway safety from the perspective of how to minimize the chances of such major accidents.
Since January 2001, the Railways claims tribunals have paid out about Rs 48 crore in compensation for such accidents, covering about 1,048 cases of deaths and 1,320 cases of injuries. In addition, it has paid out about Rs 3.6 crore for deaths at manned and unmanned level crossings.
Yet between 2001-02 and 2013-14, the Railways has also paid out compensation of over Rs 919 crore, covering 19,078 cases of death and 6,328 cases of injuries under a different set of circumstances which gets far less attention.
This is what the Railways calls an 'untoward' incident — deaths and injuries from incidents of terrorism, rioting and arson are covered under this category. But over 95% of claims in this bracket are from what is called 'accidental falling'.
In all, over this period, 59,877 cases of claims for death were registered in various tribunals (including cases yet to be decided, or cases which were dismissed). The biggest set of such incidents happens on suburban train systems such as in Mumbai.
There are two factors worth noting. One, that the 'untoward incident' compensation law covers only passengers. It does not cover people killed while trying to cross railway tracks or other incidents involving non-passengers.
 
According to the Kakodkar committee, around 15,000 people get killed every year due to 'trespassing' on rail tracks, of which 6,000 occur in Mumbai alone. Such deaths are not covered by the 'untoward' incidents law.
Secondly, deaths from such 'untoward' incidents are difficult to trace in the Railways' own official statistical documents. Even data on the railway claims website are for cases where claims for compensation in case of death or injury were made. It doesn't cover cases where an injury occurred, but no claim was made.
The Kakodkar committee noted that, "the data maintained in Railway Board office pertains to only those train accidents with apparent consequences and train accidents of minor nature and near misses are not included...casualties due to trespassing of railway track, or for other reasons connected with railway infrastructure and casualties of IR's own staff while on duty, though quite substantial, are not included in the statistics of train-accident related casualties."
The Right Track
The existing law on compensating such passengers and next of kin is in the category of what lawyers call 'strict liability' laws. Put simply, claimants do not have to prove that the Railways was guilty of negligence or was at fault. As long as the facts of the case — that the person in question was a passenger, and that he or she did die in the way that was claimed — are established, compensation is approved.
The new law now explicitly bars payment of compensation in cases where the passenger acted out of 'carelessness' or 'negligence'. Claimants will now have to prove that the passenger in question had taken reasonable care to avoid such incident.

SCOTUS To Decide If Pregnant Workers Can Be Forced Off The JobMeet The Working Mother Taking Her Pregnancy Discrimination Case To The Supreme Court
Posted:
Updated:
10/31/2014  9:59 am EDT
Peggy Young pictured at the Maryland statehouse last May, when the state legislature passed the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act.  | Courtesy Sharon Fast Gustafson
reddit
WASHINGTON -- When Peggy Young became pregnant in 2006, she had every intention of continuing to work delivering packages for UPS in Maryland. At the urging of the company's occupational health manager, Young visited her doctor to obtain a note detailing any work restrictions she might need. Her doctor recommended that she not lift more than 20 pounds for the first 20 weeks of her pregnancy.
Based on the doctor's note, UPS placed Young on unpaid leave, an all too common experience for women nationwide . Although UPS often put workers with other conditions on light duty, it told Young that such accommodations wouldn't apply to an "off-the-job" condition such as her pregnancy. Not only would she lose her income, she would have to suddenly switch to her husband's health insurance plan, changing the hospitals at which she could potentially give birth.
"I wanted to work," Young told The Huffington Post. "I all but begged for them to let me work."
The unborn child Young was carrying in 2006 is now a 7-year-old girl named Trinity. Young no longer works for UPS, but she's still fighting the shipping giant for denying her accommodations while she was pregnant. Young sued UPS alleging discrimination, and her case, Young v. UPS , is now before the Supreme Court, with oral arguments expected in December.
If the policy enforced on Young in 2006 doesn't seem particularly enlightened, UPS itself would seem to agree. In a memo sent to employees this week, the company announced that it will begin offering light duty to pregnant workers on Jan. 1, the Washington Post reported Wednesday. The turnaround puts UPS in the peculiar position of defending before the Supreme Court a policy that it is already walking away from.
In a brief filed last Friday, UPS maintains that its decision to deny Young an accommodation was "lawful at the time it was made," a position it reiterated to HuffPost. The company said it decided to alter the policy to respond in part to new guidelines from the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , which investigates workplace discrimination.
"Laws have been changing, and there's a growing consensus looking at best practices," said Kara Gerhardt Ross, a UPS spokeswoman. "We want to provide good benefits. We saw this as a good thing for our employees."
Even though it may now be moot for UPS's own workforce, Young's case could have far-reaching consequences for working women throughout the country. The underlying question is whether or not the Pregnancy Discrimination Act compels companies to offer light-duty options to pregnant workers if they already do so for non-pregnant workers in other situations. The 1978 law, which amended the Civil Rights Act, forbids companies from treating pregnant workers differently from workers who are "similar in their ability or inability to work."
UPS maintains that its leave policy was pregnancy "neutral," treating workers like Young no better or worse than their colleagues who aren't pregnant. The circumstances under which UPS drivers were entitled to light duty, the company notes in its argument, were laid out in a collective bargaining agreement with the Teamsters union. Under that agreement, the company didn't have to provide temporary accommodations to workers with "off-the-job injuries or conditions," unless it was a cognitive disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act.
Ultimately, the company argues , the policy "treats a lifting restriction resulting from pregnancy in exactly the same way" as, say, a "back injury sustained off the job."
Young's legal team says the policy violated the "plain language" of the Pregnancy Discrimination Act, deeming the company's off-the-job distinction irrelevant. They note that the law includes no exceptions for a "pregnancy-blind" reason to deny a pregnant worker accommodations. If the company is willing to provide light duty to other workers, then it has to grant them to pregnant workers, they argue.
"If a person wasn't pregnant but was injured on the job and had the same restrictions, UPS would have provided an accommodation," Sam Bagenstos, a lawyer for Young and a professor at the University of Michigan Law School, told HuffPost shortly before UPS announced its policy change. "UPS actually accommodates a very large swath of its drivers who have lifting restrictions, but not for workers whose restrictions result from pregnancy."
Bagenstos said the case is more likely to affect women in low-wage and manual-labor jobs than anything else. After all, women in higher-paying, white-collar positions generally don't have to worry about heavy lifting in the course of their job duties, and are therefore less likely to find themselves having to request light duty from their employer.
Given the stakes of the case, a broad and rather unusual coalition of stakeholders have lined up behind Young. Those filing briefs in her support include not only a host of women's rights organizations and the American Civil Liberties Union , but also the U.S. Women's Chamber of Commerce and 23 pro-life groups . The interest of the pro-life crowd is obvious. As the groups note in their brief, "economic pressure is a significant factor in many women’s decision to choose abortion over childbirth."
Ariela Migdal, a lawyer handling pregnancy discrimination cases at the ACLU, said the ideological diversity of Young's alliance is an asset for her.
"They kind of came together around this because it offends many people to think workplaces should be forcing pregnant workers to make horrible choices," Migdal said.
Now 42 years old and a mother of three, Young works for a government contractor outside of Washington, D.C. Eight years after becoming pregnant with Trinity, she still has the same lawyer, Sharon Fast Gustafson, who pressed UPS to accommodate her pregnancy in 2006.
Last year, Young and Gustafson celebrated Maryland's passage of the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, a law that requires the state's employers to make reasonable accommodations for their pregnant employees. Similar laws have been passed in other states since Young first filed her case, and a federal version has been championed by Democrats in Congress, though it hasn't passed either the House or Senate yet.
Despite the progress that has been made, Young said that both the law and corporate America have plenty more catching up to do.
"It's not just about me; it's about all women considering becoming pregnant," Young said. "You're not pregnant forever, and a lot of families these days need both their incomes. I think if hard-working women want to work and become pregnant, then we should let them."
Also on HuffPost:

Car sales fail to cash in on festive moodCar sales fail to cash in on festive mood
Congress mum on Rahul Gandhi s elevationCongress mum on Rahul Gandhi s elevation
Suggest transformational budget ideas  act fearlessly  PM Modi tells secretariesSuggest transformational budget ideas  act fearlessly  PM Modi tells secretaries
Indian industry still unaware of potential benefits of IP creation: GovtIndian industry still unaware of potential benefits of IP creation: Govt
Delhi: Man murders tenant for raping minor daughterOn its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the 'safest rides in the world' by 'setting the strictest safety standards possible'. Poll: Are our cities unsafe for women?
SIMPLY PUT
For the real ‘green shoots’ look at who’s getting hired
Recruiters say the drive to hire employees is often triggered not by actual investment or expansion but on the expectation of that happening - a bit like how the Sensex rises on anticipation of good things happening, writes HT editor-in-chief Sanjoy Narayan.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means “a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass.” Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Islamic State fears grow in Pakistan and Afg...Islamic State fears grow in Pakistan and Afghanistan
By AFP | 2 Nov, 2014, 09.08AM IST
Pro-IS slogans have appeared on walls in several cities in both countries and in Kabul University, where a number of students were arrested.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
ISLAMABAD: The Islamic State organisation is starting to attract the attention of radicals in Pakistan and Afghanistan, long a cradle for Islamist militancy, unnerving authorities who fear a potential violent contagion.
Far from the militants' self-proclaimed "caliphate" in Iraq and Syria, the name of IS has cropped up several times in jihadi circles in recent weeks in Pakistan and Afghanistan, the historic homeland of the Taliban and Al-Qaeda.
Leaflets calling for support for IS were seen in parts of northwest Pakistan, and at least five Pakistani Taliban commanders and three lesser cadres from the Afghan Taliban have pledged their support.
Pro-IS slogans have appeared on walls in several cities in both countries and in Kabul University , where a number of students were arrested.
Militant, security and official sources questioned by AFP in recent weeks say these are local, individual initiatives, and at this stage IS has not established a presence in the region.
But the success of IS in the Middle East is unsettling many of those charged with keeping a lid on Afghanistan and Pakistan's myriad extremist groups.
"ISIS is becoming the major inspiration force for both violent and non-violent religious groups in the region," Pakistani security analyst Amir Rana told AFP.
Earlier this month Pakistan's National Counter Terrorism Agency wrote to a dozen government agencies warning them to be on their guard against the IS group.
"The successes of ISIS play a very dangerous, inspirational role in Pakistan, where more than 200 organizations are operational," the agency said.
The letter came as the Pakistani army fights a major offensive in insurgent bastions of the tribal northwest, which appears to be weakening its major enemies, the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) and allied Al-Qaeda fighters.
Following the army offensive, the TTP, a coalition of disparate militant groups, has fragmented into rival factions over recent weeks, fuelling rumours the movement could be overtaken by IS.
The TTP say they broadly support both the IS jihadists and Al-Qaeda. They also say say they have sent 1,000 fighters in recent years to help the jihadi struggle in Syria -- an estimate confirmed by a Pakistani government source -- and plan to send 700 more.
But if IS militants one day envisage extending their influence in Afghanistan and Pakistan, the world's only Islamic state with nuclear weapons, they will have to either defy or find an accommodation with the two countries' Taliban movements.
Currently both the TTP and the Afghan Taliban officially recognise only one leader, Mullah Omar, and a senior Afghan cadre told AFP that IS was wrong to declare a caliphate.
"The Taliban and their supporters say that 'amir-ul-momineen' (the commander of the faithful) has already been chosen," the commander told AFP, rejecting IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
So far the Taliban and Al-Qaeda's new South Asia wing have steered clear of criticising IS, maintaining a united front against "Western aggression".
US officials say the group is generating tens of millions of dollars a month from black market oil sales, ransoms and extortion.
This financial heft is proving a big draw -- including for the five Pakistani Taliban commanders who announced their support for the IS group.
"The splinter groups are facing financial crisis, so they are contacting Daesh," a senior militant told AFP. Daesh is another name for IS.
To spread in the region, IS must also eat away at the authority of the state -- but, unlike Iraq and Syria, Pakistani state structures look solid and are supported by a powerful army.
Afghanistan, much more fragile, is more worrying -- particularly Kunar and Nuristan, mountainous provinces on the Pakistani border, which have long been refuges for jihadists from the hardline branch of Islam espoused by IS and Al-Qaeda.
"The authorities' fear is that IS will join up with the TTP and other extremist groups and from there spread on both sides of the border," said analyst Rana.
Several sources say that in Kunar there is at least one camp training hundreds of fighters sympathetic to IS.
Away from the camps, there is a danger that the IS jihadists could attract more and more young Afghans and Pakistanis through their propaganda on Facebook and Twitter.
"People here face problems with the lack of justice, the corruption and the inefficiency of the state, and therefore they need a counter-narrative, and ISIS provides one with religious content," said Tahirul Ashrafi, head of the Pakistan's Ulema Council, seen as close to the authorities.
In the short-term the big fear in Pakistan stems from the IS group's sectarian agenda, more extreme and more explicit than that of Al-Qaeda, heightened by its fight against majority Shiite governments in Iraq and Syria.
Violence against minority Shiite Muslims, who make up about 20 per cent of Pakistan's population, has hit record levels in recent years and there are concerns IS could energise sectarian groups even further.

Samsung Electronics wobbles  but stays its g...Samsung Electronics wobbles, but stays its ground
By AFP | 2 Nov, 2014, 09.11AM IST
0
Share More
The South Korean behemoth, which is also facing a once-in-a-generation leadership change, reported a near 50-per cent plunge in third-quarter net profit.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEOUL: Buffeted by sliding profits and emboldened competitors, mighty Samsung Electronics is looking unusually vulnerable these days, but analysts say its financial muscle and product diversity make "crisis" talk more than a little premature.
The South Korean behemoth, which is also facing a once-in-a-generation leadership change, reported a near 50-per cent plunge in third-quarter net profit Thursday, following a 20 per cent drop in the previous quarter.
The nosedive was all the more dramatic because it came after several years of stellar growth and a seemingly endless succession of record quarterly profits for the world's largest smartphone maker.
Just as it had driven the rapid profit expansion, it was the performance of the company's mobile unit that accounted for the sudden reversal in fortunes.
While its flagship Galaxy S smartphone suffers in the high-end market from the popularity of arch-rival Apple's new iPhone 6, its dominance of the middle- and low-end handset segment is challenged by Chinese handset makers such as Huawei, Xiaomi and Lenovo.
"Suddenly, Samsung finds itself sandwiched between Apple and the Chinese makers," said Lee Min-Hee, an analyst at IM Investment and Securities.
For the moment, Samsung is still the comfortable leader by sales volume, but its share of the global smartphone market has fallen from 35 per cent a year ago to just under 25 per cent, according to Strategy Analytics.
The star performer in the third quarter was Xiaomi, which took the number three spot behind Apple with a near 6.0 per cent market share.
Mainland China is the world's largest smartphone market, and Xiaomi's cheap, feature-packed handsets had already ousted Samsung as the top seller there in the second quarter.
"There's really an urgent need for Samsung to beef up its mid- and low-end lineup for emerging markets -- a job it hasn't done so well so far," Lee said.
In a conference call with analysts on Thursday, Samsung executives promised to "fundamentally reform" the handset product portfolio for every tier, with a focus on the low-end segment.
Lee Seung-Wo, an analyst at Seoul-based IBK Investment and Securities, said Samsung was more than capable of making the necessary adjustments -- although it will not happen overnight.
"Samsung is a giant that makes a million smartphones a day, so naturally it takes quite a bit of time to steer the ship in a different direction and make it sail smoothly again," Lee said.
A more fundamental restructuring is assumed to be in the pipeline, with control of the family-run conglomerate's main business expected to pass from ailing patriarch Lee Kun-Hee to only son Lee Jae-Yong.
Needing cash to pay what will be a massive inheritance tax bill, Lee and his siblings are expected to pare down and simplify the byzantine system of cross-holdings that link the many branches of the Samsung empire.
The anticipated reforms have helped keep Samsung on the "buy" list of many analysts, despite the recent profit plunge.
The far-flung, multi-headed entities that make up Samsung earn a collective revenue equal to around 20 per cent of South Korea's annual economic output, and this diversity is a key strength.
Unlike Nokia or Blackberry, there is a life after smartphones for a company that is also the world's largest maker of flat-screen TVs and memory chips.
The mobile division had been the most profitable since 2011, but the recent slump saw that position retaken in the third quarter by Samsung's semiconductor business, which logged 10 per cent profit growth thanks to brisk sales of NAND flash memory and DRAM chips.
The vice president of the semiconductor unit, Baek Jee-Ho, said an ongoing race by low-end smartphone makers to upgrade features and performance promised to pay high dividends in future chip sales.
"I see far more demand for our DRAM chips next year as minimum memory capacity for low-end smartphones keeps growing," Baek said in Thursday's conference call.
Peter Lee, analyst at Woori Investment and Securities, said the semiconductor market could do more than just tide Samsung over the smartphone hiccup.
"I think, beginning 2015, Samsung will become more a memory chipmaking company than a smartphone company," Lee said.
And if the stunning growth rates of the past few years are unlikely to be replicated anytime soon, Samsung is a long way from going into any sort of terminal decline.
"The stellar years of 2012 and 2013 were highly abnormal," said Greg Roh, analyst of HMC Investment and Securities.
"What we're really seeing now is things going back to normal."

New ATM charges come into force in six metrosNew ATM charges come into force in six metros
Virgin Galactic crash: Branson determined to find causeprint
Billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson on Saturday vowed to find out what caused his space tourism company's passenger spaceship to crash during a test flight, killing one pilot and injuring the other, but expressed a desire to press on with the dream of commercial space flight.
Michael Alsbury, 39, has been identified as the pilot who died in the crash of Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwo, and the surviving pilot is Peter Siebold, 43, the Kern County Sheriff's Office said in a statement.
Branson arrived in California's Mojave Desert to meet his Virgin Galactic team and federal officials who were opening their investigation into Friday's accident, the second in less than a week involving a commercial space company.
Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo went down during a powered test flight, scattering debris over the Mojave Desert, 95 miles (150 km) north of Los Angeles.
"We owe it to our pilots to find out exactly what went wrong," Branson said during a news conference in Mojave.
"If we can overcome it, we will make absolutely certain that the dream lives on," he said.
A combination of photos show Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo as it detaches from the jet airplane that carried it aloft and then exploding over the skies of the Mojave Desert, California on Friday. (Reuters)
Alsbury, who a sheriff's spokesman said was from Tehachapi, California, was a project engineer and test pilot at Scaled Composites, a Northrop Grumman Corp NOC.N subsidiary that built and designed the spacecraft for Virgin Galactic.
Siebold was piloting SpaceShipTwo on Friday and Alsbury was serving as co-pilot, Scaled Composites said in a statement.
Alsbury was flying for the ninth time aboard SpaceShipTwo, including serving as the co-pilot on its first rocket-powered test flight on April 29, 2013, according to his biography on the company's website.
He was found dead in the aircraft, Kern County Sheriff Donny Youngblood said on Friday.
Siebold parachuted from SpaceShipTwo and was found a mile from the fuselage, Youngblood said. He had moderate to major injuries and was taken by helicopter to Antelope Valley Hospital, the Sheriff's Office said in a statement.
He was alert and talking with his family and doctors on Saturday, the statement from Scaled Composites said. He had been the pilot alongside Alsbury on SpaceShipTwo's maiden test flight last year, according to the company's website.
A team of investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board arrived at the crash site on Saturday to begin piecing together what led to the accident.
"This was a test flight, and test flights are typically very well documented in terms of data," said Christopher Hart, acting chairman of the NTSB. "We may have lots of evidence that will help us with the investigative process," he said.
Friday's crash was the second disaster in less than a week suffered by a private space company, dealing a blow to the fledgling commercial space industry that has been taking on work traditionally done by governments.
On Tuesday, an Antares rocket built and launched by Orbital Sciences Corp ORB.N exploded after liftoff from Wallops Island, Virginia, destroying a cargo ship bound for the International Space Station.
New type of fuel
The Virgin probe will likely focus on SpaceShipTwo's rocket engine, which on Friday was flying with a new type of fuel for the first time, experts said.
The solid plastic-type propellant is ignited by nitrous oxide, commonly known as laughing gas.
Virgin Galactic announced in May that it was replacing the rubber-based propellant used during the spaceship's three previous rocket-powered test flights to get better performance.
"We've tested both of these fuel grains a lot," Virgin Galactic chief executive George Whitesides told Reuters at the time.
Before Friday's flight, SpaceShipTwo's last powered test flight was in January, though the rocket and its new propellant had passed multiple ground tests.
Virgin Galactic is a U.S. offshoot of the London-based Virgin Group founded by Branson, one of the world's most famous entrepreneurs whose business empire ranges from airlines to music stores and mobiles phones.
Friday's accident marked the fourth fatality in Scaled's SpaceShipTwo development effort. In 2007, a fuel tank exploded, killing three Scaled employees.
"While not a NASA mission, the pain of this (new)tragedy will be felt by all the men and women who have devoted their lives to exploration," NASA, the U.S. space agency, said in a statement.

PM Modi to address the nation on Man ki Baat programme at 11 am todayPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 9:35 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 3:07 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday promised to get back every penny of the black money stashed abroad, days after his government was accused of making a U-turn on the issue. He said the efforts to bring back black money stashed abroad are on the “right track” even as he acknowledged that there was no correct estimate about how much money is kept illegally in foreign countries.
In an address to the nation over radio, he said that bringing back black money from outside the country is an “article of faith” for him and nothing will be lacking in his efforts to do so. The Prime Minister’s commitment to bring back black money stashed abroad comes against the backdrop of the stand it first took in the Supreme Court last week about the inability to disclose the names of the account holders in foreign banks because of the confidentially clause in treaties with other countries.
It had maintained that disclosure of details of account holders would hamper efforts to bring back black money. The government beat a hasty retreat after the Supreme Court ordered it to disclose the names of account holders in HSBC Geneva which amounted to 627 in number. The government also came under attack from opposition parties that it was going back on its election promise to unearth and bring back black money stashed abroad.
Modi said there may be differences in approach on getting this money back but he was committed to doing it and the nation should have faith in him. “As far as black money is concerned. You should have faith on this ‘pradhan sevak’. For me, it is an article of faith. Every penny of the money of poor people in this country, which has gone out, should return. This is my commitment,” Modi said in ‘Mann ki Baat’ programme on All India Radio.
“There may be differences over the approach and procedures, which is natural in a democracy. But as far as my understanding goes and on the basis of information I have, I can say we are on the right track,” he said. On the actual estimate about amount in illegal bank
accounts in foreign countries, the Prime Minister said, “Nobody knows, nor do I know, nor does the government know, nor do you know, how much money is stashed abroad. Even the previous government had no estimate.
“Everybody is making own assessment of figures. I do not want to get involved in those figures. It is my commitment that whatever amount, Rs 2, Rs 5, crore of rupees or whatever, this money belongs to the poor people of this country and should come back.
“And I can assure you that nothing will be lacking in my efforts. I only want your blessings to continue.” He asserted that whatever has to be done, will be done at the earliest. In his second radio address, which lasted about 20 minutes, the Prime Minister also continued…

Forex reserves up by $495.5m to $314.77bForex reserves up by $495.5m to $314.77b
RBI asks rural banks to partially freeze KYC non-compliant a/cRBI asks rural banks to partially freeze KYC non-compliant a/cs
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 2:  
The RBI has directed regional rural and central cooperative banks to partially freeze bank accounts of those customers who have not complied with the Know Your Customer norms.
Similar instructions were issued to commercial banks by RBI last month.
“Banks may impose partial freezing by allowing all credits and disallowing all debits with the freedom to close the accounts.
“If the accounts are still KYC non-compliant after six months of imposing initial partial freezing, banks may disallow all debits and credits from/to the accounts, rendering them inoperative,” the RBI said in a directive to the banks.
RBI said banks will be free to take decision on closing of accounts of such customers.
While imposing ‘partial freezing’, the RBI said banks are advised to ensure that the option is exercised after giving due notice of three months initially to the customers and followed by a reminder for further period of three months.
Meanwhile, the account holders can revive accounts by submitting the KYC documents as per instructions in force.
The RBI notification also said banks need not seek fresh proofs of identity and address at the time of periodic updation, from those customers who are categorised as ‘low risk’, in case of no change in status with respect to their identities and addresses.
“A self-certification by the customer to that effect should suffice in such cases,” it said, adding that in case of change of address of such ‘low risk’ customers, they could merely forward a certified copy of the document by mail/post.
Further, the RBI also asked them not to insist on physical presence of such low risk customer at the time of periodic updation, the RBI said.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

India s recent policy changes could accelerate growth: Moody sIndia's recent policy changes could accelerate growth: Moody's
K R Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 31:  
India’s recent economic, financial and fiscal measures will — if successfully implemented — sustain higher economic growth, Moody’s Investors Service said.
This could also address some of the constraints on India’s sovereign credit profile, the global rating agency said in a report titled ‘India: Recent Policy changes to support Growth Acceleration'.
The report analyses the potential impact of labour and investment policies that comprise the ‘Make in India’ campaign, financial inclusion measures, infrastructure development initiatives, clarity around inflation targets, as well as banking and energy sector reforms. Moody’s points out these measures are incremental rather than radical. However, it expects these incremental reforms to raise productivity, savings and investment growth. I
In addition, if policies lower fiscal deficits, stabilise inflation and strengthen banking sector, they will mitigate the macro-economic and financial risks to growth that have been evident in the last three years.
Sustain growth rates
Higher investment and lower macro-economic imbalances could sustain growth rates of 7.5 per cent over the next 5-10 years. Such a result would be significantly higher than the 5-6 per cent growth Moody’s expects for India in 2015.
Since India’s sovereign rating already incorporates Moody’s assessment that its growth potential is high, such higher growth rates would be of limited (though positive) significance for India’s sovereign credit profile.
Still, the effective implementation of all the above policies could have further positive sovereign credit implications.
This will be the case if they demonstrate rising international strength or lower vulnerability to event risk.
Moody’s said it would revisit its assessment of India's institutional strength if inflation metrics, investment climate, policy predictability and transparency were to show sustained improvement.
Stronger fiscal, balance of payments and banking sector metrics would lower the country's vulnerability to event risk, the global rating agency has said.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

RealPage rejects near-$2bn Vista offer© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ae4ea24-6083-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Surprise Japanese stimulus lifts Sensex and Nifty to record levelsYou are here: Home > Collections > Stimulus
Surprise Japanese stimulus lifts Sensex and Nifty to record levels
ET Bureau Nov 1, 2014, 10.20AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(India’s key indices jumped…)
MUMBAI: Just as emerging market investors were wondering whether the end of the US Federal Reserve's bond-buying programme would mean pulling the plug, the Bank of Japan sprang forth unexpectedly to ensure the party won't stop by sharply expanding its stimulus.
India's key indices jumped to new records on Friday, tracking a global rally, on hopes that some of the Japanese central bank's largesse will find its way into emerging markets. Global ratings agency Moody's comment that it may consider aratings upgrade on India also boosted sentiment. The rupee strengthened to its biggest monthly gain since May. Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) stepped up purchases of Indian stocks, pumping in about Rs 1,750 crore on Friday. These investors have bought shares worth Rs 5,500 crore in the past eight days after net sales close to Rs 7,200 crore in a month.
"The announcement of the additional stimulus package from the Japanese central bank is a positive news development for India," said Gautam Chhaochharia, managing director and head of research , UBS . The BSE Sensex rose 1.90% to 27,865 points while the NSE Nifty was up 1.87% at 8,322, but off the day's high of 8,330.75.
Shares of capital goods, power and construction companies, which have been out of favour lately, led the rally on Friday. The Bank of Japan on Thursday decided to accelerate purchases of government bonds to 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually, up by 30 trillion yen.
Investors are hoping that this stimulus will be an alternative to the Fed's bond-buying programme though analysts are not sure how much of it will actually end up helping emerging markets, including India. "It's still early days to assess what kind of inflows will come into India," Chhaochharia said.
Nonetheless, investor sentiment in India remains upbeat because of the Narendra Modi government's market-friendly initiatives. With inflation softening and fuel prices declining, the chorus in the market for an interest rate cut is growing though there is no indication that the Reserve Bank of India will be in any mood to oblige at its next monetary policy announcement on December 2.
"We continue to remain bullish on Indian markets, especially in the midcap space," said Shankar Sharma , vicechairman and joint managing director of First Global Group .
"The government may have announced a slew of economic reforms but delivery on the ground is yet to happen. RBI is unlikely to cut rates as markets are expecting," he said.
He expects technology, pharmaceutical and auto stocks to lead the current market rally while recovery in infrastructure and power sectors is still some time away.
The rupee had its biggest monthly gain in October since May on optimism that a drop in oil prices will further ease inflation and create room for the central bank to cut interest rates. The rupee gained 0.6% this month to close at 61.36 per dollar. Brent crude, meanwhile, has dropped 24% since June this year to $86 a barrel.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex seen on track to hit 30 000 in 60 daysYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex ends day at record high, seen on track to hit 30,000 in 60 days
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 31, 2014, 03.40PM IST
(Analysts at top brokerage…)
NEW DELHI: Both S&P BSE Sensex and Nifty made fresh highs today, surging nearly 2 per cent each in trade on Friday. The 30-share index ended the day at 27,865.83, up 519.50 points, or 1.90 per cent. The Nifty shut shop at 8322.20, up 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
The Sensex hit its fresh lifetime high of 27,894.32 in intraday trade, while the 50-share Nifty index rose over 150 points to make its all-time high of 8,330.75.
Strong macro environment, reform push by the new government and falling inflation have already boosted the Sensex by over 30 per cent so far in the year 2014. But analysts at Dalal Street see further upside in the index up to the levels of 30,000 by the December-end and over 35,000 in the next one year.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull market and equities will remain the best asset class in the next couple of years, provided global markets remain stable.
The markets have been on an upward trajectory since the last few days on the back of renewed vigor shown by the government to initiate reforms, apart from lower crude prices, lower inflation, supportive global cues and decent earnings, say experts.
Vikas Khemani of Edelweiss Financial Services believes that from the medium to long-term perspective, India remains one of the best markets to be in and equity remains one of the best asset classes to be invested into.
Expectations are running high given the fact that macros have stabalised and growth has bottomed out. And with the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms gets implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of the list of FIIs despite global concerns.
Though the quantitative easing ended on Wednesday, but the Federal Reserve is keeping the 'considerable period of time' stance for raising interest rates until it sees more improvement in the economy, which cheered the markets.
"Taking cues from the same, the BSE Sensex and the Nifty hit fresh highs and we are expecting further upside from the current levels as this move of the Fed has surely boosted the confidence of retail as well as global investors," said Vivek Gupta,CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"As the Nifty is further looking bullish on charts and fundamentals also seem to be supportive, slight correction might be on the way. But the overall upswing is likely to occur till Nov expiry. Our targets for the Nifty till December are 8400 & 8700 and for the Sensex, 30000 can be the golden figure," he added.
The slowdown in growth rates has dampened the sentiment quite a bit not just for Indian markets, but across the globe. But one thing which experts feel very firmly is the fact that India happens to be in a sweet spot and the whole India story remains intact.
India has managed to hold onto its macro factors compared with the rest of the emerging market economies and that will aide capital flow. They have also managed to push through key economic reforms.
 
After the recent diesel price deregulation, the government on Wednesday eased overseas investment rules in construction to attract money into the funds-starved sector and serve its twin objectives of faster job creation and housing for all.
"Economic indicators such as inflation, factory output, crude oil and other commodity prices are reflecting favorable numbers, which would further keep the market at comfortable levels in the coming month," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons.
Most analysts see the index hitting the levels above 30000-35000 in the next one year, which gives an upside of 10-28 per cent from the current levels. However, it will not be easy for the Indian markets to maintain the momentum considering the fact that the US might just increase rates amid global economic slowdown.
"India would be very unlikely impacted by the Fed decision in the near term. However, I believe that the Indian economy would be inversely proportional to domestic inflation and international crude oil prices, but in both the cases the trend is under control and outlook looks positive for the economy," adds Pendharkar.
But brokers are hopeful for a smart rally on the bourses. According to a survey conducted by ET, the Sensex is on track to hit levels above 30000-35000 by next Diwali or by the end of next one year, while the 50-share Nifty index could record levels of 8500 in the next 12 months.
According to an ET Now survey of 15 brokerage firms, 80 per cent of the respondents surveyed see the Nifty index trading above 8500 levels by next Diwali, while 13 per cent see the index hovering in the range of 8000-8500. Only 7 per cent of the respondents see the index moving in the range of 7500-8000.
According to the survey, 33 per cent of respondents are of the view that the Sensex could see the levels above 35000 by next Diwali, while 50 per cent see the index trading in the range of 30000-35000. Only 17 per cent of the respondents see the index hovering in the range of 26000-30000.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See great valuations in Indian markets currently: Adrian Mowat  JPMorganAdrian Mowat
('We are very bullish for…)
In a chat with ET Now, Adrian Mowat, Chief EM & Asian Equity Strategist, JPMorgan, shares his outlook for the emerging markets in general and the Indian market in particular. Excerpts:
ET Now: There has been around 32% return for the Indian market year to date and as one of our fundamentals guests say, there is perhaps 20% more upside left. What is your view on that?
Adrian Mowat: Yes, you need to try harder because you are only the second best performing market year to date after Egypt. So a few more per cent, and you might be ahead.
ET Now: I think most people are quite surprised by this move by itself given the fact that many are saying that this is just the first leg of re-rating for India. So there is more to go. You were on air a few days back on ET Now and you mentioned that you are fairly upbeat about the prospects ahead as well and we were at 7900 or 8000 then too.
Adrian Mowat: Yes, so the story for India is a combination of accelerating growth with declining inflation and within the context of BRICS, you have probably got the best delta in terms of policy expectations. So the context of this is the re-election of Dilma in Brazil, the ongoing issues with geopolitics around Russia and Russia having to handle the low oil price which is obviously negative for Russia. But we are very bullish for India and China where the data on investment is looking quite worrying.
So within the context of the BRICS, India looks very good and in absolute terms, and we think about valuations, I would actually argue 2014 is the year of the market moving up to the value that it was holding during the strong growth phase of 2003 through to 2008 and briefly post the global financial crisis. I think 2015 will need to be a year of delivering earnings, particularly the earnings prospects as we move into 2016.
ET Now: The fact that India has been the best performing market this year has already got established, there is of course enough data to suggest that on the macro side as well, things are looking up for India. What is the advice that you would give out to your clients at this point?
Adrian Mowat: If you are looking at domestic clients, foreigners have been net buyers year to date, which means locals must have been net sellers and I think that actual allocation to equities in India by the Indian savings pool is relatively modest. So I do not think there are a lot of people out there with profits to take as maybe the way I would look at this.
ET Now: What is your gut feel going ahead? We have had some reforms already in place, people were always crying for that and now we have had those. So, in the next 12 months, what kind of bull scenario are you painting?
Adrian Mowat: Well, the government has come in and has made decisions while the previous administration had been relatively slow in making decisions. The oil prices have moved in the right direction, which has allowed them to liberalise the diesel price and the government has come through with what looks like a degree of austerity measures to make sure the fiscal position remain okay. But looking forward, there are quite a lot of policy changes that do need to be implemented.
  We would be looking for GST to be tabled, we need to revive the Land Acquisition Act and we need to look at how food inflation can be controlled in a better way, particularly dealing with some of the cartels around the distribution of food.
So there is a lot that this government still needs to do. I do worry that the emerging market companies, emerging market corporates are now quite cautious animals and it may just take a bit longer for capex to pick up in India and that will probably ring true for other markets as well. So that is where I am more nervous.
ET Now: We were just reading a report yesterday about some sovereign wealth funds also increasing their allocations to India. There was an official call by the Norway Wealth Fund talking about increasing their position in India. Among your clients pension funds that you talk to some of the sovereign wealth funds that you kind of service, have you also seen allocations go up?
Adrian Mowat: We have seen net buying of India. So I am not concerned specifically about what clients are doing, but if you think about this from the perspective of the professional international money manager, you have got a market where there is good news flow, price momentum and the risks in the market are declining. Its major beneficiary of the decline is in the oil price. So there are plenty of reasons why people would want to allocate towards India. But another area they might want to allocate away from is Europe, and Europe was a very consensus overweight to the beginning of this year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Audi recalls 6 758 units of A4 sedan in India over defective air bagE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Festive Season Fails to Cheer Car Makers  October Sales SubduedYou are here: Home Industries
Festive Season Fails to Cheer Car Makers, October Sales Subdued
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 19:48 (IST)
Consumers to Get Choice to Select Power Discom: Piyush Goyal
New Delhi: Festival season failed to bring cheer to car makers, as major players including Maruti Suzuki India, Hyundai and Mahindra failed to register significant sales growth during the month, which otherwise has been one of the best periods for vehicle sales in the country.
While Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai posted marginal rise in sales during October, others including utility vehicle major Mahindra & Mahindra, Toyota Kirloskar and Ford registered decline in sales as compared to same period of previous year as sentiments remained subdued.
Honda Cars India was the exception posting 18.8 per cent rise in October sales.
The country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki said its domestic sales during the month stood at 97,069 units, up 1 per cent from 96,062 units in October last year.
The company said sales during the month, which sees major festivals, were impacted due to less number of working days during the month.
"Owing to festivals and state elections, during October 2014 Maruti Suzuki had 19 working days. This limited the availability of vehicles during the month. In October 2013 Maruti Suzuki had 24 working days," the company said.
Exports were also affected during the month as shipment of around 1,000 units to Algeria and Egypt was rescheduled to November 2014 due to cyclonic conditions in Gujarat area, it added.
The company's sales in the compact segment comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire declined by 3.5 per cent to 37,083 units in October this year as against 38,410 units during the same period last year.
The recently launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz, however, received good response in the market with the company selling 6,345 units in October.
Rival Hyundai Motor India Ltd (HMIL) sold 38,010 units last month in the domestic market as compared to 36,002 units in October 2013, up 5.57 per cent.
HMIL senior vice president (sales and marketing) Rakesh Srivastava said there was increase in sales in additional and replacement buyers segment with demand led by new models like Elite i20, Xcent, coupled with festival buying.
"We anticipate that this positive momentum would build up further with increase in sales of entry buyers if there is strong promise of improvement in economic and macro factors in rural and urban markets," he added.
Homegrown auto major, Mahindra & Mahindra's domestic sales declined by 15.71 per cent to 40,274 units last month as against 47,787 units a year earlier.
"Our sales for the month of October remained subdued on the back of overall sentiment and high interest rates," said Pravin Shah, M&M chief executive of automotive division and international operations (AFS).
Honda Cars India reported 18.08 per cent increase in domestic sales in October 2014 at 13,242 units as against 11,214 units in the same month last year.
"We have clocked excellent sales during the year so far where all our products have received tremendous response," HCIL senior vice-president (marketing and sales) Jnaneswar Sen said.
Toyota Kirloskar Motor (TKM) said its sales in domestic market stood at 12,556 units during the month, down 4.6 per cent as compared to 13,162 units in the same month last year.
Commenting on the sales performance, TKM senior vice president (sales and marketing) N Raja said: "We have maintained the sales volumes as September, in the domestic market and hope to see growth in the next two months".
Ford India's domestic sales also declined 26.62 per cent to 6,723 units in October as against 9,163 units in the same month of previous year.
"Macro-economic indicators suggest a gradual recovery in the economy. But the positive customer sentiment is yet to translate into vehicle sales, potentially due to high interest rates and inflation," Ford India Marketing, sales and service executive director, Anurag Mehrotra said.
Japanese car maker Nissan also reported a 15.86 per cent decline in sales at 4,106 units in India for the month of October.
In the two-wheeler segment, Chennai-based TVS Motor Company posted 18 per cent rise in sales, increasing from 1,73,229 units in October 2013 to 2,04,294 units in October 2014.
Two-wheeler maker Royal Enfield also said its domestic sales increased by 47.4 per cent at 25,510 units last month as against 17,306 units in October 2013.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 18:13 (IST)

On a wing and a prayerMarket action is getting irrational. Wait for a correction before making fresh purchases
November 1, 2014:  
The Sensex and the Nifty took wing on Friday and managed to close well above their previous peak. With another holiday-splattered week ahead, trading can be subdued with investors looking at overseas markets for cues.
Friday’s close was extremely upbeat, but it is to be seen if investors are able to keep their optimism high at those pumped-up levels. The first two sessions are therefore critical for determining the near-term outlook.
Traders can stay bullish as long as the Sensex holds above the previous peak of 27,354 and the Nifty above 8,180. Close below these levels will mean that Friday’s rally was a mere flash in the pan.
It was a news-heavy week with both the Federal Reserve and Bank of Japan doing their bit to influence stock prices.
The expiry of the October derivative contracts helped stock prices in Indian markets move higher in the early part of the week.
The shenanigans of the government over the black money stashed abroad by various eminent citizens of the country also kept investors riveted.
But action in global markets over the past month shows that investors are beginning to clutch at straws. This implies that the rally that stretched from 2012 could be nearing its final phase.
Between the third week of September and mid-October this year, most benchmarks sold off sharply on concerns that the US quantitative easing programme would end and the rate hike in the US is imminent.
These losses were wiped off because James Bullard, President of the Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis, expressed an opinion that the US was not ready for the end of quantitative easing.
On Friday, global markets spurted on Japan’s increased stimulus, while there was no reaction to the Fed’s hawkish statement after the FOMC meeting.
While momentum can carry stock prices higher from these levels, it would be best to be on guard. Wait for a sizeable correction before making fresh purchases.
The monthly charts of the Sensex and the Nifty throw up some interesting points.
The doji formation in September, that appeared to be a market peak, has been followed by another bullish candle.
This implies that the rally is far from over and the market will move higher from these levels before letting up.
The momentum indicators in the monthly chart are also continuing to power higher.
Sensex (27,865.8)
The Sensex has closed on a gung-ho note on Friday.
The week ahead: But tread a little cautiously on Monday. That trading session will determine the short-term trend in the index.
If the Sensex continues moving higher and closes on a strong note on Monday, upward targets are 28,032 and then 29,343.
But if the index reverses lower on Monday and closes below 27,000, fresh long positions ought to be avoided. Supports for the index are at 26,880 and 26,230. Short-term trend will reverse lower only on a close below 26,000.
Medium-term trend: It needs to be seen if the Sensex is able to move above 28,000 next week. Inability to do so will mean that the index can consolidate with a positive bias for few months.
If the index manages to power past 28,000, the next medium term target is 29,694.
We retain the key medium-term supports at 25,000 and 24,500.
Nifty (8,322.2)
The Nifty too managed an upbeat close on Friday.
The week ahead: The performance of the index on Monday is critical to determining the short-term trend.
If the index manages a strong close on Monday, the short-term targets for the index would be 8,344 and then 8,728.
Conversely, if the index loses steam on Monday morning and goes on to close below 8,180, it will mean that the index is heading towards 7,723 and 7,540.
Medium term trend: We need to see the action of the Nifty for two more sessions before we can determine if the medium-term uptrend has resumed.
If we assume that the final leg of the move from 5,118 is in progress, the index then has the targets of 8,445 and 8,892.
Key medium-term support stays at 7,300.
Global cues
Global indices recovered strongly in the later part of the week. This helped some indices rise to new life-time peaks and others reverse from their near-term declines.
CBOE Volatility index that rose to 31 in mid-October has once again declined to 14. This shows that investor confidence is once more in an elevated state.
The Dow recorded a new closing high of 17,390. A reversal from here can pull it lower to 16,800 or 16,450 in the upcoming sessions. The short-term view will be threatened only on a close below 16,450.
On the other hand, target on a rally above 17,500 is 18,486.
The rally in the dollar index last week that took it to a multi-year high implies that the index can now head towards the next peak at the level of 89. This rally does not bode well for riskier asset classes including emerging market equities.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

OnePlus One to have invite model in India  price under Rs 25 000E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How black money moves out of India  and comes back as whiteHow black money finds its way out of India, and how it comes back as white
Shantanu Nandan Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 2, 2014, 05.50AM IST
Tags:
Black Money
("The govt should use a carrot-and-stick…)
In February 2008, R Prasad, the then chairman of the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), led a team of tax sleuths to Port Louis, the capital city of Mauritius.
Backed by a team from the ministry of external affairs, Prasad made an attempt to convince Mauritius officials to re-negotiate the double tax avoidance agreement (DTAA), which was resulting in massive tax losses to India.
Prasad's attempt was unsuccessful, but what he discovered in the process was startling: a handful of persons acted as directors for about 30,000 companies located in that island nation. Also, companies there exist only on paper, as addresses of many of those begin with a mere post box number.
"Mauritius and many other tax havens act as buffers to bring back India's black money as white.
And the challenge before the investigators is to establish the criminality of those involved in such activities," says Prasad, who retired as CBDT chairman six years ago.
Now, the Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money wants such tax treaties to be re-drafted, a move that will put the government in a spot.
Only this week, a reluctant government had to hand over to the apex court a complete list of 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva.
"The debate so far has been what comes first: investment or tax? Is India ready to sacrifice investments worth billions of dollars for the sake of some tax gain? So far as Mauritius is concerned, any retreat from India's side will allow China to woo the island nation," says a finance ministry official who did not want to be named, explaining why New Delhi hasn't been assertive with Mauritius, a nation where Indian defence forces harbour strategic interests.
In Black and White
While tax havens like Mauritius will help black money come back into the country as white, Indians continue to send illicit money abroad.
This is done through various methods, hawala transactions — where money is transferred abroad without any real movement of funds — being one of them although, according to a finance ministry white paper on black money released two years ago, hawala transactions have actually dwindled over the past decade.
"In recent years, after the 9/11 incident in the US, due to intense scrutiny of banking transactions, enhanced security checks at airports and ports and relaxation of exchange controls, transfer of money through hawala has reduced significantly," says the report. "...increasing pressure on financial operators and banks to report cash transactions has also helped in curbing hawala transactions."
  However, there are other methods to siphon black money out of the country, two of which are manipulation of export invoices and setting up of trusts abroad.
Two income-tax officials told ET Magazine that a large number of the accounts of the 627 names based on data stolen by an employee of HSBC, Geneva, would be of such trusts. The modus operandi adopted here is as follows: black money moves abroad through routes like hawala.
Then a trust is formed in, let's assume, the Netherlands. The trustees in this case will be Dutch nationals, but the beneficiaries will be relatives of an Indian back home who put in the initial corpus.
"But we can initiate a probe only when money gets reflected in the accounts of the beneficiaries," explains one of the tax officials.
As the incometax department and the Enforcement Directorate (ED) will now work under SIT, one can expect more urgency in the mission to bring back unaccounted money. Yet, genuine hurdles may come in the way of that endeavour.
The classic example of such a hurdle is seen in the case of Pune-based stud farm-owner Hasan Ali Khan, who was raided by the I-T department seven years ago. Documents and data in his laptop established that he had a Swiss bank account with a whopping $8 billion (roughly Rs 48,000 crore) in deposits. Ali was sent to jail, but the ED that probes money laundering cases found out from the Swiss authorities that Ali's accounts had been emptied.
The multi-billion dollar question then: how many of the 627 whose names exist in a sealed cover would have done the same?
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sunday ET | Why World Bank faces confidence...Why the World Bank is facing a crisis of confidence and what it means for India
Seema Sirohi Nov 2, 2014, 11.32AM IST
Tags:
(It's a searing lesson for…)
Because something is happening here But you don't know what it is, Do you, Mister Jones?
The lines from Bob Dylan's Ballad of a Thin Man, a furious inquisition of a philistine who enters a world he doesn't understand, aptly describe recent events at the World Bank where an "outsider" president, trying to restructure the largest development institution, is faced with fierce questioning on his ideas and methods.
Reorganizing a behemoth of 10,000 employees is no easy task but critics say that President Jim Yong Kim, a physician and anthropologist by training, has gone about his plan to slash $400 million with the delicacy of a hammer, not a scalpel. Anxiety among staff members is high, the morale low and uncertainty reigns.
It's a searing lesson for the BRICS countries as they go about setting up their development bank. The history of of the World Bank and its presidents could be a textbook on how not to be.
President Kim, a Korean American, is caught in a fullfledged culture war — development experts resent his topdown approach, insiders bristle at the outsider's arrogance, sensitized employees question his "dismissive" manner and watchdogs are appalled at his top dogs pocketing hefty bonuses while others get "nickeled and dimed".
The primary charges against Kim: a lack of transparency in the restructuring process, not releasing the budget for projects in time, creating a more centralized decision-making process while promising the opposite, selecting "yes men" of questionable expertise for top positions in newly created silos while firing well-respected managers and finally, losing sight of the clients which are the 188 member countries — for whom the Bank presumably exists.
Secondary charges: a general cluelessness, a proclivity towards control and an over reliance on outside consultants like McKinsey, Deloitte and Booz Allen. Their bill: $12.5 million.
The immediate cause for the open revolt earlier this month, which resulted in "work stoppages" and silent assemblies, was news that Bertrand Badre, the Bank's chief financial officer (CFO), had got an ostentatious bonus in the middle of cost cutting. The explosive information was meticulously dug out and collated by Fabrice Houdart, a young country director whose fearlessness has won him many fans.
Badre received a "scarce skills premium" of $189,000 over two years in addition to his annual salary of $379,000. More egregiously, the bonus came in fiscal year 2014 when the Bank took a financial hit of $203 million on bonds it owned in an Austrian bank that went under. "The decision is inexplicable in a year when the bank put zero money in reserves," said a source in the Bank's governing board of directors.
The Staff Association, experts and data crunchers, asked on September 25: "At a time of employment insecurity, staff downsizing and belt-tightening, we are mystified as to how president Kim and his senior management could be so blind to the optics."
A Sense of Fear
Now Houdart, the whistleblower, is apparently under investigation despite Kim's explicit promises that there would be no retaliation against those who spoke up. A three-man team went to Houdart's office on October 14 and removed the memory disk from his scanner without an explanation. The timing of the operation has led to questions about motives and created a sense of fear. "We have no comment," said the Bank's official spokesman David Theis.
"I have been placed under investigation...( but) let us not let ourselves be intimidated," Houdart wrote on the Bank's internal blog, a copy of which was obtained by ET Magazine. He is ostensibly being targeted for an alleged leak five months ago of an internal draft document on the Bank's new environmental and social safety standards. The document showed the Bank's intention to dilute those standards. Houdart said he had "no access" to the confidential document as a senior country officer.
Meanwhile, other bits of malodorous information about the creamy layer continue to trickle out — how Badre flew to Paris for D-Day celebrations on the Bank's dime, how he teaches a class in Paris and gets compensated. Theis said Badre's trips to Paris follow the Bank's "operational travel policies" and the ethics department had cleared his "small stipend" from the Paris institute.
But Caesar's wife must be above suspicion, as they say. Paul Cadario, a former senior manager of the Bank, says the continuous trickle of negative stories are symptoms of "a spreading lack of trust in leadership and in the example they set, which is far more damaging to the health and effectiveness of any organization, particularly one with goals as noble and important as the Bank's". Cadario, who retired in 2012 after 37 years at the Bank, is unimpressed with the way Kim has handled the process.

ECB set to sit tight on rates despite moribu...ECB set to sit tight on rates despite moribund economy
By AFP | 2 Nov, 2014, 09.16AM IST
The week looks set to be particularly busy for the ECB, which on Tuesday takes on its role as Europe's banking watchdog in a historic shake-up. (Image: EPA)
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
FRANKFURT: The European Central Bank is likely to hold fire on new policy moves Thursday and leave a series of radical recent measures to take their course, despite pressure over a weak economic recovery , analysts say.
Unlike moves by the US Federal Reserve to end its stimulus spree and a surprise monetary easing plan by the Bank of Japan, ECB policymakers are expected to sit tight at their monthly meeting.
The week looks set to be particularly busy for the ECB, which on Tuesday takes on its role as Europe's banking watchdog in a historic shake-up to help ward off another financial crisis.
Howard Archer, of IHS Global Insight, said no new ECB decisions were likely for the time being, adding that "the bank will very probably remain in 'wait and see' mode into the New Year".
Interest rates are currently at their all-time lows anyway -- 0.05 per cent for its main "refinancing" rate -- and a rate hike seems unlikely at a time when the ECB is seeking to boost inflation from its stubborn lows.
Inflation in the 18-nation eurozone edged up to 0.4 per cent in October, official data showed Friday, far below the 2.0 per cent target set by the Frankfurt-based ECB, which has a core mission of ensuring price stability.
"If survey-based inflation expectations fall further, the pressure for additional ECB monetary easing will increase," Commerzbank's chief economist Joerg Kraemer said, however.
Current low inflation levels have stoked fears of deflation -- when prices actually fall -- which, if it takes hold, can trigger a vicious spiral where businesses and households delay purchases, throttling demand and causing companies to lay off workers.
Nevertheless, Carsten Brzeski, of ING-DiBa, said the latest "better-than-feared" economic eurozone data was one of several factors likely to allow the ECB to "to wait, at least until the December meeting before possibly deciding on new action".
In addition to cutting interest rates, deflationary fears have prompted the ECB to pull out other tools, such as a series of liquidity programmes to inject cash into the economy.
After its TLTRO, or targeted long-term refinancing operations scheme, to make cheap liquidity available to banks on condition they lend it on to companies, and a programme to buy covered bonds, its latest move to kickstart credit in the euro area begins this month.
The ECB is launching purchases of asset-backed securities (ABS), or bundles of individual loans such as mortgages, car loans and credit-card debt sold on to investors, to allow banks to share the risk of default and free up funds to offer more lending.
But the central bank's target of boosting the size of its balance sheet by one trillion euros ($1.25 trillion) has made little headway through the first TLTRO or the initial covered bonds purchases.
Analysts have suggested that some banks may have preferred to hold off until after the results of the ECB's most stringent-ever audit were published. Last week, that audit awarded a clean bill of health to a large majority of eurozone banks.
Investors will be watchful Thursday for any comments by ECB president Mario Draghi on the possible purchase of corporate bonds following speculation this could be on the horizon.
But Jennifer McKeown, of Capital Economics, said government bond purchases -- along the lines of the US Federal Reserve's programme -- may well "ultimately be needed to ensure an expansion of the bank's balance sheet large enough to exert meaningful upward pressure on inflation".
However some ECB board members are vehemently opposed, especially Germany's Bundesbank chief Jens Weidmann.

Vadra made Rs 44 cr windfall gain in Har la...The comptroller and auditor general has faulted Robert Vadra's land deals in Haryana, saying he reaped nearly Rs 44 crore.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The comptroller and auditor general has faulted Robert Vadra's land deals in Haryana, saying he reaped nearly Rs 44 crore in windfall gains because an indulgent Congress government allowed him to do so in breach of law, and did not insist on recovering Rs 41.51 crore of the profit he made by quickly selling the land to DLF Universal.
In its first draft report on land deals in Haryana under the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government, the auditor has said that Vadra's Skylight Hospitality Private Limited was allowed to develop a commercial colony when it had just Rs 1 lakh in its kitty. "The department (of town and country planning) ignored the aspect of the financial capacity of the colonizer," said the report.
The land was soon sold to DLF Universal for Rs 58 crore, with Skylight Hospitality making a neat profit of Rs 43.66 crore.
The CAG draft report underlines that the bilateral agreement between the state government and Skylight Hospitality required Vadra's company to retain only Rs 2.15 crore, and pass on the rest to the government account. Since Vadra's company had altogether spent Rs 14.3 crore — Rs 7.5 crore towards land purchase and another Rs 6.84 crore on security and licence fees and conversion charges — the draft report says the Hooda government should have realized Rs 41.5 crore from Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law.
"As per bilateral agreement referred ibid, the developer was required to retain a profit of Rs 2.15 crore after developing the project but in the instant case the firm earned a profit of Rs 43.66 crore by selling this licence to DLF but had not deposited the profit i.e. Rs 41.51 crore in the government account," the draft report mentions.
The draft report was sent to Haryana government on September 22 when Hooda, who maintained that no favour was extended to Vadra, was still in office. With the regime change, it is the Manohar Lal Khattar-led BJP government which has to respond to the audit findings.
The BJP highlighted Vadra's controversial land deals during the campaign for both Lok Sabha and Haryana elections, with Prime Minister Modi himself leading the charge by raising how the Hooda government reversed the decision of IAS officer Ashok Khemka not to regularize the land purchase by Priyanka Gandhi's spouse.
Khemka, who accused the Hooda government of harassing him for objecting to Vadra's controversial transactions, also questioned the source of Rs 7.5 crore with which he purchased 3.5 acres of land, suggesting that it was not his own money.
The CAG findings tie in with assertions made by Khemka who was removed as director general (land holdings and land records) and inspector general (registration) after he raised objections to the manner in which Vadra acquired the land and later sold it off to DLF Universal at a huge profit.
The report on Vadra is part of a larger exercise CAG has undertaken to scrutinize land deals under Hooda — an issue which the BJP successfully used against Congress in the state polls, showcasing his alleged favours to Vadra, emblematic of the pattern where state government allowed the conversion of land use to benefit chosen developers.
Page 1 of 2

Politicians demand unconditional apology from Vadra for attacking journalistPoliticians demand unconditional apology from Vadra for attacking journalist
CBI likely to quiz Jayanthi Natarajan on land diversion for Jindal plantCBI likely to quiz Jayanthi Natarajan on land diversion for Jindal plant
Google  Apple world s most  in-demand  empl...Apple
(The 'World's 100 Most InDemand Employers:…)
NEW DELHI: Google is the world's most sought after employer in the world, followed by Apple and Unilever in the second and third places, respectively, according to a report by professional networking site LinkedIn.
The 'World's 100 Most InDemand Employers: 2014' was based on billions of interactions from LinkedIn's over 300 million members.
No Indian company made it to the coveted list, however, a significant number of them do have their presence in the country.
The list was dominated by American companies with as many as 63 'in-demand' companies were headquartered in the US. Moreover, eight of the top 10 most sought after employers in the world are US based.
Besides Google, Apple and Unilever, other companies in the top 10 list include Microsoft (fourth), Facebook (fifth), Amazon (sixth), Procter & Gamble (seventh), GE (eighth), Nestle (ninth) and PepsiCo (10th).
A sector-wise analysis showed that the top three sectors that dominated the list include technology, telecom and media; followed by retail and consumer products and oil and energy.
As per the LinkedIn survey, around 15 per cent of in demand companies have fewer than 5,000 employees. The employee count for each company was based on the number of member profiles on LinkedIn associated with the company.
As per the report the top three smallest companies by number of employees are Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation with 1,622 employees, Airbnb (1,836) and Netflix (1,906).
In order to calculate the winners LinkedIn analysed over 10 billion data points between members and companies and compared the data with surveys of thousands of members to determine a company's "familiarity and engagement score".
"The analysis also weighted member actions like viewing employee profiles, visiting Company Pages and following companies," LinkedIn said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mann Ki Baat: PM tpuches on Clean India  black moneyMann Ki Baat: PM tpuches on Clean India  black money
Construction projects of Rs 9 lakh cr stalled till Jun 30Construction projects of Rs 9 lakh cr stalled till Jun 30
FPIs pull out Rs 1 200 crore from equities in OctoberFPIs pull out Rs 1 200 crore from equities in October
Devastated as captain  Tendulkar wanted to quit: autobiographyDevastated as captain  Tendulkar wanted to quit: autobiography
Nasa remains confident in Orbital Science© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b1fe4ce-5ef3-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mahindra & Mahindra Meets Estimates  Q2 Net at Rs. 947 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Mahindra & Mahindra Meets Estimates, Q2 Net at Rs 947 Crore
NDTV | Updated On: October 31, 2014 16:00 (IST)
Morgan Stanley to Defer Less of Employees' Future Bonuses
Mahindra and Mahindra (M&M) reported in-line-with-estimated earnings for the second quarter of FY15. The company reported a net profit of Rs 947 crore on sale of Rs 9,418 crore in the Q2 of FY15.
Analysts polled by NDTV had estimated its net profit at Rs 929 crore on sale of Rs 9,423 crore.
M&M's earnings are not comparable with previous year's earnings because the company has merged its loss making truck business (Mahindra Trucks and Buses Ltd) with itself as sanctioned by the High Court of Bombay.
M&M  shares ended 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 1,303.40 apiece underperforming the Nifty which closed 1.9 per cent higher.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 16:00 (IST)

Government Considering Ban on Sale of Loose Cigarettes: ReportConsumers to Get Choice to Select Power Discom: Piyush Goyal
New Delhi: India is considering a ban on electronic cigarettes over the risks to public health that they may cause, a senior Health Ministry official told Reuters.
The World Health Organization (WHO) in August called for stiff regulation of e-cigarettes as well as bans on indoor use, in the latest bid to control the booming $3 billion global market.
Such devices use battery-powered cartridges to produce a nicotine-laced vapour but there is a lack of long-term scientific research that confirms they are safe. Some critics fear they could lead to nicotine addiction and tobacco smoking.
"We see it as a backdoor entry, it doesn't have tobacco but it has nicotine," said the official, who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter.
"Expert panels have recommended regulation or a ban. India cannot regulate easily," the official added, saying that the government would consider the ban in the next month or two.
The European Union has agreed to requirements around advertising and packaging to ensure the safety and quality of e-cigarettes. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has proposed banning sales to anyone under 18.
Up to 900,000 Indians die every year of tobacco-related diseases, and that number could reach 1.5 million by 2020 if users do not kick the habit, the International Tobacco Control Project estimates.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government is taking several steps to curb India's tobacco consumption. It has increased taxes on tobacco products and ordered companies to print more health warnings on packages.
SINGLE BAN?
While most e-cigarettes are imported and sold by small firms, India's largest cigarette maker ITC started selling the devices in August.
ITC did not comment directly on the likely ban, but said India should not be left behind in technology development of such products.
India has also proposed a ban on the sale of single conventional cigarettes. The official said the ministry had proposed amendments to tobacco control laws and a cabinet note had been circulated for comments.
Indians smoked more than 100 billion cigarettes in 2012, according to Euromonitor International, and it is common for vendors to sell them individually.
The WHO's Framework Convention on Tobacco Control states that countries "shall endeavour" to prohibit such sales as it makes them more affordable for minors. India is a party to the convention.
A single cigarette costs about Rs 10 in the capital, New Delhi, compared with a pack of 20 that costs Rs 190 ($3).
The ITC declined to comment on the proposed ban. The Tobacco Institute of India (TII), an industry body, said the proposed law would not be easily enforceable and would lead to retailers being harassed.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Jaitley expects inflation to dip further; says GDP growth may touch 5.9%Jaitley expects inflation to dip further; says GDP growth may touch 5.9%
Our Bureau
Arun Jaitley, Finance Minister (file photo)
Govt priority is to bring back growth momentum into the economy
New Delhi, October 31:  
With the softening of international prices of crude oil and food items in the domestic market, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has expressed hope that inflation will come down in the coming months.
Jaitley’s statement comes at a time, when the index for producer prices, better known as wholesale price index (WPI), is down to 2.38 per cent while index for consumer prices or retail inflation is at 6.46 per cent. This makes a strong case for interest rate cut by the Reserve Bank as it aims to achieve retail inflation target of 6 per cent by January 2016. Addressing the first meeting of the Consultative Committee attached to the Finance Ministry, on the topic ‘Sustaining Growth Momentum - The Road Ahead’, Jaitley said he expects growth to be in the range of 5.5-5.9 per cent. He said the priority of his Government is to bring back growth momentum into the economy.
“Higher growth leads to more revenue collections, better employment opportunities and increase in Government’s capacity to finance social sector programmes, among others,” he said.
GDP growth
The Modi Government got a boost as the GDP registered a growth of 5.7 per cent during first three months (April-June) of the current fiscsal as against 4.7 per cent recorded during corresponding period of the previous fiscal. This also ended two years of below 5 per cent growth. Earlier, in the Economic Survey, the Government had estimated growth to range between 5.4 and 5.9 per cent.
Jaitley said the aim of the Government is to revive and sustain higher GDP growth. These include measures to increase savings, fiscal consolidation, keeping the CAD at moderate level, reviving investment cycle, encouraging growth in manufacturing sector, augmenting supply response to contain inflation especially food inflation, boosting infrastructure sector and exports, rationalise subsidies, and reforms in direct and indirect taxes among others.
Major challenges
The Consultative Committee members pointed out the major challenges for the Government were to tackle the problem of increasing credit supply and controlling inflation. Some members suggested that the farmers may be given direct benefit by higher support prices for their produce rather than through subsidies, which most of the times do not reach them. There was also suggestion for simplifying policies and procedures enhance the growth. Some of the members suggested a review of the existing Crop Insurance Scheme as the farmers are not benefited by it.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Pamban Bridge may give way to save Ram SethuThis is easy! Register on Economictimes.com and get the member badge.
Member
Make Economictimes.com your financial news hotspot. Visit us every day to earn this Badge!
Super Surfer
Link your Times profile with your FB and Twitter accounts.
Power Networker
Keep the conversation going through your Comments & Replies to get this badge.
Biz Smith
Share Czar
Share News, Articles, Stock info on Economictimes.com with your friends on Facebook, Twitter or Hotklix and become a Share Czar! 'Recommending' and 'liking' links on our site also qualifies.
Share Czar
Inboxer
Subscribe to the Economictimes.com newsletters & guess what! You get additional points for opening the newsletter or clicking on a link.
Inboxer
Biz Influencer
Your opinion matters. Get the Biz Influencer Badge when other users 'Recommend' or 'Agree' with your comments.
Biz Influencer
Be the opinion! Participate in a poll and get this badge.
Poll Star
Read/watch business articles, videos & slideshows and become a BizPundit.
Biz Pundit
Share your opinions in market through Comments & Replies in the ET market section.
Market Buff
Read market articles and watch more videos and slideshows be a Market Guru!
Market Guru
Track your investments and savings on ET Portfolio, visit us daily to earn this badge!
Investor
Smart Investor
Track your investments and savings on ET Portfolio. Create portfolios, watchlists and alerts to earn this badge!
Smart Investor
Know more about Times Points
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Minding your manners still paysMinding your manners still pays
By Bloomberg | 1 Nov, 2014, 05.18AM IST
0
Share More
Nine decades after the publication of Etiquette: In Society, six Posts from the fourth and fifth generations are working to keep the family brand relevant.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Who would like to tell me I have body odour?" Anna Post asks a group of nine people at the Burlington Country Club in Vermont. There's an awkward silence, everyone hoping someone else will politely inform the great-greatgranddaughter of etiquette expert Emily Post that she smells.
Karen Cooley, an entrepreneur, raises her hand. "Anna, if the tables were turned, I would want you to tell me," she says. "So...I'm concerned, and have heard others comment, that you have some body odour." Cooley puts her hand on Post's knee. "Do I really?" Post asks. Cooley nods and gives Post a hug.
It's the first day of a $5,000 weeklong business etiquette seminar run by the Emily Post Institute. Anna's leading the session, and her sister, Lizzie, is observing. Their father, Peter, is also helping out. "I like that Karen just came out and said it without a big spiel.
The faster the better," Anna says to the group. "I would have held short on 'We've all noticed.' And I would advise against touching in the workplace." Peter chimes in: "And don't expect the person with body odour to thank you."
Nine decades after the publication of Etiquette: In Society, in Business, in Politics and at Home, a book regarded as one of the great civilising forces in modern America, six Posts from the fourth and fifth generations are working to keep the family brand relevant.
They write books, conduct training programmes in Burlington, give daylong corporate seminars and serve as spokespeople for companies such as Bank of America and Intel . Lizzie and her cousin, Dan Post Senning, recently started a podcast. They'd love to do a television show, too.
Some brands can easily outlive a founding family's participation. Not this one. "Part of the Posts' strength is their authenticity," says Allen Adamson of branding consultant Landor Associates. People trust the clan's etiquette advice the same way they trust the Rockefellers' money management.
Emily Post was raised among New York's gilded elite. The debutante of the season in 1892, she married—unhappily and briefly—a Wall Street financier . She produced five second-rate novels and many magazine pieces, and then, at the age of 49, wrote a 619-page book about etiquette that revealed society's secret code. Full of characters and stories, a bit of satire, and many very specific rules—"Allow a space 24 inches wide, 15 inches deep per person when setting your table"—it was an immediate bestseller.
Post died in 1960 at the age of 87. Her successor was Elizabeth, her granddaughter-in-law, who faithfully revised the book several times and extended the brand as best she could. Among the new volumes were Emily Post's Wedding Etiquette and Emily Post on Second Weddings. Elizabeth wrote a column for Good Housekeeping and was a favourite of Johnny Carson .
Peter and his sister Cindy joined their sister-in-law Peggy at the institute at the end of the 1990s. (Peggy, Elizabeth's daughter-in-law, had been running the company alone since the '80s.) Peter already had a career in marketing; Cindy, in education. Peter's book, Essential Manners for Men, hit the New York Times bestseller list in late 1999. The success of The Etiquette Advantage in Business by Peggy and Peter, which also came out in 1999, led to requests from companies for speeches and training seminars. Peter created the Emily Post Institute principles— consideration, respect, and honesty—and its five-step, foolproof process for handling awkward situations. "You can't stump us," he says.
In 2013, the Posts gave seminars at two dozen companies, and in recent years they've been hired by Wal-Mart , Microsoft, ESPN , and Barclays . They charge $10,000 for a full day and $6,500 for a half-day. An important source of income for the institute is brand partnerships. "You find etiquette anywhere you have an interaction with another person," Anna says. "Usually you find commerce there, too."
At the end of the week, the nine students at the session will be certified Emily Post instructors, able to pass on their knowledge to youth groups, college students, local businesses and nonprofits, making $2,000 to $5,000 per seminar.

Biz lessons from Thomas A Timbergs book The Marwaris: From Jagath Seth to the Birlas» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Seven key business lessons from Thomas A Timberg’s book The Marwaris: From Jagath Seth to the Birlas
By ET Bureau | 1 Nov, 2014, 06.23AM IST
0
Share More
Here’s an extract from Timberg’s 2014 book, The Marwaris: From Jagath Seth to the Birlas (Penguin India), in which he lists 7 key business lessons by earlier Marwari businessmen.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Thomas A Timberg's Harvard doctoral dissertation was on the Marwaris as industrial entrepreneurs. Attending the Fifth Mumbai International Literary Festival, he spoke on Friday on 'Marwaris: The Kings of Commerce'. Here's an extract from Timberg's 2014 book, The Marwaris: From Jagath Seth to the Birlas (Penguin India), in which he lists 7 key business lessons by earlier Marwari businessmen which are still valid "and perhaps will remain so".
1) Watch the money
There are two key functions performed by the Marwari business firms and business groups - strategic management of investment funds by moving them to where they are most productive in the long term and close financial monitoring of the enterprises in which they have a share. It is perhaps the changes in Harsh Goenka and Kumar Managalam Birls's business styles that point to a dilution of finance-centric strategies in present times.
2) Delegate but monitor
Successful business have to learn how to delegate, otherwise the span of economic activity can engage in will be limited. They also have to know when to intervene, fully aware that a decision to intervene is costly. Usually it is easier to replace an unsatisfactory executive rather than turn him around. Ineffectual executives and family members are gently moved out to cushy and uncritical positions.
3) Plan but have a style and a system
This is somewhat ambiguous as we clearly see a transition from an intuitive style to a more systematic one. However, this may be, as some suggest, a product of the transition from business founders to inheritors.
4) Lead to expand and do not let the system inhibit growth
A key characteristic of successful businessmen, as Aditya Birla said in his perhaps inappropriate criticism of Ratan Tata , is a drive to expand. Many forms have expansion in their mission statements but few implement it.
5) The right corporate culture
The firm or group must have a style which befits its market and the times. Changes or adjustments constitute one of the most difficult tasks. Corporate culture in a firm is critical in inspiring loyalty, especially of competent managers about which commentators like Tarun Khanna are so concerned. Financial incentives can go only thus far, and are sometimes counterproductive.
6) Don't get blown away by fads
The shelf life of half the management fads is six months. Professors, including those from business schools, devise striking and attractive theories which bear no responsibility for success. A responsible manager has to be more tentative and experimental in his approach. As any school debater knows, there are usually at least two sides to any question, even multiple sides as in the Anekantavada of Jain logic. The problem is to decide which is right in a given situation.
7) Do not miss new developments
Some businesses describe themselves as 'knowledge businesses'. As a matter of fact, all are. The world's oldest family businesses have had some very successful ventures and a lot of failed ones because of missed opportunities.

Telangana CM says power shortage to last for 2-3 yearsTelangana CM says power shortage to last for 2-3 years
V Rishi Kumar
Telangana Chief Minister, K Chandrasekhar Rao.
Asks farmers not to cultivate paddy during rabi season
Hyderabad, Nov 1:  
The Telangana Chief Minister, K Chandrasekhar Rao, today said that the power demand-supply mismatch is likely to persist for a couple of years till fresh capacity is added in the State.
Reviewing the power situation in the State, the Chief Minister called upon the farm community not to cultivate paddy during the forthcoming rabi crop season keeping in view the acute shortage of power in spite of making arrangement from all possible sources.
While efforts are underway to procure additional 1,000 MW power from Chhattisgarh, the State would also try and insist on its rightful share of power from Andhra Pradesh, he said.
Power sharing issues
Discussing about the power sharing issues between the two States post the division as per AP States Reorganisation Act, he said injustice is being meted out to Telangana without providing adequate supply and its share.
The Chief Minister said that the issue of power generation from the hydel power generating stations of Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar is also being obstructed by Andhra Pradesh.
He said that the State is also insisting on its share of power from Krishnapatnam project now with AP Genco. The Krishna board too has imposed restrictions on power generation from Srisailam project. The State is mulling legal options.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Divis Lab Q2 net up 12 pcUpdated: November 1, 2014 18:28 IST
Divi’s Lab Q2 net up 12 pc
Special Correspondent
quarterly or semiannual financial statement
Divi’s Laboratories Ltd has posted a net profit of Rs.229.64 crore in the quarter ended September, which is 12 per cent more compared to Rs.204.93 crore registered in the corresponding period last fiscal.
The total income from operations rose 47 per cent to Rs.833.14 crore (Rs.566.95 crore), according to the results for the second quarter of this fiscal announced by the company on Saturday.
Other income dropped to Rs.15.54 crore (Rs.36.54 crore). In a press release, Divi’s Laboratories said foreign exchange gain in the quarter was Rs.4 crore as against Rs.31 crore in the corresponding period of 2013-14. The Hudhud cyclone that ravaged Visakhapatnam last month affected its operations for a brief period. The loss to assets was around Rs.10 crore and that it is covered under insurance. Besides Visakhapatnam, the company has a manufacturing facility in Hyderabad, the release said.

 Maruti October Sales Dip 1% to 1 03 973 UnitsYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti October Sales Dip 1.1% to 1,03,973 Units
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 11:53 (IST)
Morgan Stanley to Defer Less of Employees' Future Bonuses
New Delhi: Country's largest car-maker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) on Saturday reported a 1.1 per cent decline in total sales in October at 1,03,973 units as against 1,05,087 units in the same month last year.
The company said its domestic sales rose by 1 per cent during the month to 97,069 units as against 96,062 units in October, 2013.
Sales of mini segment cars, including M800, Alto, A-Star and WagonR, declined by 9.2 per cent to 35,753 units compared to 39,379 units in the year-ago month, MSI said in a statement.
The company said sales of the compact segment comprising Swift, Estilo, Ritz, Dzire declined by 3.5 per cent to 37,083 units in October this year as against 38,410 units last year.
MSI said sales of its compact sedan Dzire Tour rose by 42.4 per cent during the month under review at 1,408 units as against 989 units in October, 2013.
The sales of company's mid-sized sedan Ciaz, which was launched in October, stood at 6,345 units. The company had sold 262 units of SX4 sedan in the same period of 2013. There was no sale of premium sedan Kizashi during the month.
Sales of utility vehicles, including Gypsy, Grand Vitara and Ertiga, declined by 16.7 per cent at 6,027 units in October this year from 7,236 units in the corresponding month last year.
Sales of vans -- Omni and Eeco -- increased by 6.8 per cent to 10,453 units in October this year, as against 9,786 units in the same period of previous year. Exports during the month declined by 23.5 per cent to 6,904 units compared to 9,025 units in October last year, MSI said.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 11:52 (IST)

 Mahindra & Mahindra Sales Down 15% in OctoberYou are here: Home Corporates
Mahindra & Mahindra Sales Down 15% in October
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 18:05 (IST)
New Delhi: Auto major Mahindra & Mahindra on Saturday reported 15.39 per cent decline in total sales at 42,776 units in October.
It had sold 50,558 units in the same month last year, the company said in a statement.
M&M's domestic sales declined by 15.71 per cent to 40,274 units last month, as against 47,787 units a year earlier.
Sales of passenger vehicles including Scorpio, XUV 500, Xylo, Bolero and Verito stood at 19,254 units, compared with 22,924 units in October 2013, down 16 per cent.
Four-wheel commercial vehicle sales were down by 14.68 per cent to 14,812 units in October 2014 as against 17,362 units in the year-ago month, M&M said.
Exports were down by 9.7 per cent to 2,502 units from 2,771 units in the same period a year earlier.
M&M chief executive, automotive division and international operations (AFS) Pravin Shah said: "Our sales for the month of October remain subdued on the back of overall sentiment and high interest rates. However I'm happy with our retail sales this month which has helped bring the system stocks to an optimal level."
He hoped that the recently announced deregulation of diesel prices will also support the auto industry.
"We are happy with the response to our New Generation Scorpio for which we are thankful to our customers," Mr Shah added
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 18:03 (IST)

 Tata Motors Sales Down 17% in OctoberYou are here: Home Corporates
Tata Motors Sales Down 17% in October
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 19:51 (IST)
Morgan Stanley to Defer Less of Employees' Future Bonuses
New Delhi: Tata Motors on Saturday reported a 17 per cent decline in total sales at 42,819 units in October 2014 as against 51,638 units in the same month last year.
Domestic sales of Tata commercial and passenger vehicles were down 17 per cent during the month at 38,760 units as against 46,926 units in October last year, Tata Motors said in a statement.
Sales of passenger vehicles in the domestic market in October stood at 11,511 units, down 19 per cent, from 14,133 units in the same month last year.
In the commercial vehicles segment, domestic sales declined by 17 per cent to 27,249 units during the month from 32,793 units in October last year.
Exports during the month stood at 4,059 units as against 4,712 units in the year-ago month, down 14 per cent.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 19:49 (IST)

Hyundai Sales up 11% in October at 56 010 UnitsYou are here: Home Corporates
Hyundai Sales up 11% in October at 56,010 Units
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 19:44 (IST)
New Delhi: Hyundai Motor India Ltd (HMIL) today reported 11.54 per cent increase in total sales at 56,010 units in October 2014.
The company had sold 50,212 units in the same month last year, it said in a statement.
In the domestic market, Hyundai sold 38,010 units last month as compared to 36,002 units in October 2013, up 5.57 per cent.
During the month, Hyundai's exports grew by 26.67 per cent to 18,000 units as against 14,210 units in the same period last year.
Commenting on the sales performance, HMIL senior vice president (sales and marketing) Rakesh Srivastava said there was increase in sales in additional and replacement buyers segment with demand led by new models like Elite i20, Xcent, coupled with festival buying.
"We anticipate that this positive momentum would build up further with increase in sales of entry buyers if there is strong promise of improvement in economic and macro factors in rural and urban markets," he added.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 19:42 (IST)

Tata Comm Q2 net up 15% at Rs 92.4 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Comm Q2 net up 15% at Rs 92.4 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 1:  
Tata Communications today reported a 15 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 92.4 crore for second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The company had reported consolidated (unaudited) net profit of Rs 80.36 crore in the same period a year ago.
“Consolidated PAT stood at Rs 924 million,” Tata Communications said in a statement.
Consolidated revenue of the company increased by 2.4 per cent on a year—on—year basis at Rs 5,071.6 crore during the quarter, the statement said.
Tata Communications reported Rs 4,952.61 crore as its consolidated income from operations in the corresponding period last fiscal.
“The composition of revenue, and by extension, the quality of our EBITDA is improving as the share of the more sustainable and lucrative, data and managed services segment grows. We continue to be focused on driving robust revenues through long-term engagements with global enterprises” Tata Communications MD and CEO, Vinod Kumar said.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

HUL unions threaten to intensify agitation over low wagesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
HUL unions threaten to intensify agitation over low wages
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 1:  
Threatening to intensify their agitation over low wages and other grievances, the Hindustan Lever Employees Federation today asked the company to resolve the issues at the earliest or face more industrial unrest.
The threat comes a day after around 450 employees and their family members held a demonstration at the headquarters of the largest consumer goods-maker here. These employees belong to the two units at Dapada and Amli in the Union Territory of Dadra & Nagar Haveli.
The federation is demanding higher wages and taking back those 13 employees who it claims sacked “illegally” by the company as well as bypassing major unions on employee-related issues.
The federation is the umbrella body of the HUL workers and claims representation of around 4,000 from across 18 facilities. HUL has a total 6,500 permanent workers at its 30 facilities across the country.
“We held a meeting of the federation here today and we have urged the management to resolve the issues regarding wages and illegal termination of our 13 members at the earliest or face intensified agitation,” Federation vice—president, Arvind Nair said this evening.
The company, however, denied that it is trampling on trade union rights and claimed that it has always operated within the ambit of the local legislations.
“Hindustan Unilever has always respected employees’ rights to join or not to join a legally recognised trade union, or any other body representing their collective interests. We have always operated within the framework of local law,” the company said in a statement.
Nair further said the federation has mandated its local units to negotiate on the issues with the management and find an amicable solution, adding, “If the management fails to do so, we will decide our next course of action.”
Alleging that the management had signed the periodic wage settlement agreements with the “pocket unions,” Nair said the federation wants all employee-related issues should be discussed with the federation or its local union leaders.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

GSPL net up 20.3% in Q2 at Rs 234.53 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GCPL net up 20.3% in Q2 at Rs 234.53 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 1:  
FMCG firm Godrej Consumer Products Ltd (GCPL) today reported a 20.3 per cent growth in its consolidated net profit at Rs 234.53 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The firm had posted a net profit of Rs 194.97 crore in the year-ago period, it said in a BSE filing.
Consolidated net sales rose by 4.6 per cent to Rs 2,047.51 crore in the July-September quarter this fiscal from Rs 1,957.38 crore in the same quarter of 2013-14.
GSPL also declared a second interim dividend of Rs 1 per share for 2014-15.
Commenting on the performance, Godrej Group Chairman Adi Godrej said: “Consumer demand remained subdued in the second quarter of fiscal year 2014-2015, making this one of the slowest years of growth for the Indian FMCG industry in over a decade.”
Sales were however impacted by a soft performance in the household insecticide category due to deficient and delayed monsoon in India and the impact of an adverse forex translation in the international businesses, he added.
Overall, the international businesses delivered a good constant currency growth of 12 per cent. Indonesia, the firm’s largest international business, achieved a strong constant currency growth of 15 per cent, Godrej said.
“In this uncertain environment, we continue to focus on sustaining and extending leadership in our core categories. We are managing our costs prudently in the near term, while investing for the longer term. We are confident that the second half of this year will be better than the first half,” he added.
Correction
This copy has been modified to correct the name of the company in the headline.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Shiv Sena seeks key posts in Maharashtra govt | Can Fadnavis rejuvenate MumbaiYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Shiv Sena seeks key posts in Maharashtra government
Krishna Kumar, ET Bureau Nov 2, 2014, 07.16AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(The Shiv Sena has set…)
MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena has set its sights on the post of deputy chief minister and the key portfolios of home, energy, housing, PWD and roads for its MLAs as it negotiates for four cabinet ministers and six ministers of state in the Devendra Fadnavis government in Maharashtra .
The problem is the BJP is playing tough, as it believes that the Sena is in no position to bargain. Sena president Uddhav Thackeray sent a message to the BJP on Friday that if no deal was struck before the swearing-in, the party will announce it will sit in opposition and name its MLA who would represent the party as the opposition leader in the Assembly. The threat seems to have worked and the BJP has now opened a channel of communication with the Sena.
The negotiations are not going to be easy as there is a clamour for the home and energy portfolios within the BJP as well. Sources in the BJP said leaders such as Vinod Tawde , Sudhir Mungantiwar and Eknath Khadse were vying for the home portfolio.
The Sena is insisting that as they have half the number of seats (63) as the BJP (121), the distribution of ministries too should be on the same basis — a Sena minister for every two BJP ministers.
If there is agreement, the BJP will have around 20 ministers and the Sena around 10. The BJP would allot two ministerial berths for allies like the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha and RPI (A). The BJP is said to be keen on a leaner cabinet; so the total number of ministers is likely to stay within 33. Sena leaders said the party is batting for the home portfolio.
"While we are also looking at the deputy chief minister's post, we are clear that we want the home portfolio because that is as good as the deputy chief minister's post," said a Sena leader.
Still, discussions between the two parties are not expected to yield a breakthrough in at least the next two days. Sena and BJP leaders said talks would be completed only by November 10, when the Fadnavis government braces for its first Assembly session, during which it would have to prove its majority.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian politics is changing: Right is the new leftprint
Whenever international fashion mavens decide to favour a particular colour for formal wear in any season, we hear the term tangerine/red/fuschia is the new black. Similarly, in the Indian political context, I would say that the Right is the new Left. The recent kerfuffle in the CPI(M) says it all. The top two leaders are fighting over a 1978 political-tactical line. Please note 1978. It is classical Left, replete with references to bourgeois-landlord parties, which the venerable general secretary Prakash Karat feels must be shunned and senior leader Sitaram Yechury feels must be embraced. I hope I got that right because ploughing through the dense Left language is not for the fainthearted.
The Left and indeed the Congress were once seen as pro-poor parties, those who stood up for the little man. But today, the same little man is rejecting his interlocutors and going for the party which can bring him governance and development, and not those who almost glorify the soul-strengthening qualities of poverty. The Congress, to its credit, did come up with some big-ticket social welfare schemes. The BJP has picked many up, put a twist on them like a skilful chef and repackaged them as more viable. The Left was at one time the messiah of the poor. Today, the poor themselves do not aspire to remain poor and accept the small quantities of free rations and crumbs that the Left wants to dole out.
India is changing and it does not want to be trapped in a past where to be disadvantaged is glorious, with apologies to Deng Xiaoping. Both the Left and the Congress seem to be at the starting line still waiting to begin the race while the others have covered half the track. The Left is quibbling over ideology, with Karat sticking to his strictly theoretical approach, going by the bible of Marx and Engels. The Congress is going by the word according to the Family. Both seem anachronisms in today's vibrant and ever changing political scenario.
The Left has steadily lost ground in its own bastions. Its poor grasp of politics was evident in the Lok Sabha elections before the latest one when the cold-eyed Karat decided on cosying up to a decidedly communal Muslim party in Kerala. It resulted in the Muslim vote turning against the CPI(M). So much for political acumen. The Congress has not been the sharpest crayon in the pack politically, either. Despite diminishing crowds, despite obvious disenchantment, it stuck to the sacrifices made by the family as a talking point. We have seen the results. The good ideas that both the Congress and Left had have been taken over by parties like the BJP and restructured to its advantage. Today, whether you like it or not, it is Prime Minister Narendra Modi that the disadvantaged are looking up to as the person who could deliver them from a life of grinding poverty. He is the one talking about providing employment opportunities, economic freedoms, skill development. In short, he is offering the poor a step up, not a few sops to make their already miserable lives just a little less miserable for a short period.
So the Right has crowded out the traditional parties which spoke for the voiceless, the Right is saying that both capitalism and socialism can co-exist quite productively as long as schemes for the poor are not left to ossify. The days when the Congress would dispense free goodies in return for votes, or the Left would dole out a 'sense of pride' in return for votes, are very much out of fashion now. People do want goodies, they do want pride, but they don't want to be on an intravenous drip of largesse forever. The Right has understood this and taken over and redefined the Left and Congress's political space.
Let me say this once and for all, there can be no redemption for either the Left or the Congress unless they take a good long look in the mirror and begin to refashion their images. The Family was good up to this point, but a new India wants new ideas and new leaders. A sense of obligation to a particular political family, and indeed there are many of them around, is no foundation for a lasting relationship with the people. Everyone today, even those on the peripheries are aware of their rights and are mindful of their aspirations. And it is no different from you and me. We want to move to the next level of ambition on our own terms. Why do we imagine that the poor are any different? They have chosen the parties which are saying 'we will give you a leg up with this or that social scheme, and then you have to stand on your own feet'.
Now you may argue that what the Right is doing is putting new wine in old bottles. Yes, but so what? As long as it tastes slightly different, the bottle looks brighter and sunnier, people will opt for that one off the shelf. There is no reason why the Congress and Left cannot be the new Right. There are no sharp ideological divisions anymore in today's political marketspace. Your wares may be the same, but it is all about ownership and branding. And, of course, of actually delivering on social schemes. As of now, it would seem that the BJP is best placed to do so, given its growing reach. The Left and Congress should not project themselves as pro-poor, everyone is pro-poor. But it is all about who has the tools to pull the poor above the poverty line, up to the lower middle class, then to the middle class and so on. And here, I am afraid, I have to concede that if I were a fashionista, saffron is the new black.
(chanakya@hindustantimes.com)

Branded  ready-to-eat food in trains hits pr...brands
(Flooded with complaints…)
NEW DELHI: Rail travellers will have to wait for a few more days to get branded, ready-to-eat meals on their journeys as Railways and packaged food manufacturers are busy sorting out pricing issues.
Flooded with complaints about the quality of the food served on trains, Railways had decided to provide ready-to-eat food as an additional option for its passengers by October 30.
Even as he admitted that determining the prices for the branded food items was a factor that has led to the delay in the launch of the new menu on mail and express trains, Railway Member (Traffic), D P Pande, said, "It is being resolved now."
While Railways is averse to the high price demand of the food manufacturers, the latter maintain that the rate of pre- cooked food like pav bhaji, chicken biryani, rajma chawal served up in sealed packages will be a bit more than the prices of the standard meals available in pantry cars.
"We have made them agree to our approved rate and now the policy is being finalised and expected to be rolled out in a month from now," Pande said.
He, however, said that the option will be launched on a select few trains in the first phase and more trains will be covered later on. It would be made available on mail and express trains which have a pantry car. The service is likely to be initially launched on trains such as Karnataka Express, Frontier Mail, Paschim Express where the trial of these pre-cooked food items are already being carried out.
A committee comprising health officials and senior rail officials has been formed to examine the quality, hygienic condition and protein value of the packaged food. Since these items are pre-cooked, the committee will have to certify about its bacteria-free shelf life, said a senior railway ministry official.
The branded food would be served to passengers as an 'add on' option along with the standard items as part of the catering service on trains. However, the national transporter insists that price of the pre-cooked food will be kept on a par with the standard meals currently available on trains.
Given the high volume and branding opportunity, the companies are being told to charge reasonable rates, the rail official said.
As to the trials, the official said that pre-cooked food by reputed brands like ITC, MTR, Kohinoor Foods , Quickmeal and Deleez were made available on a few trains and the response of passengers was encouraging.
"Our aim is to ensure quality hygienic food for passengers. It must also be seen that the brands of meals or food items -- their quality, quantity, rate, hygiene -- are properly maintained," the official added.
After the launch, senior railway officials will undertake a drive on the trains for checking the availability of branded and approved ready-to-eat food for the passengers. A media campaign will also be initiated by all zones to publicise the pre-cooked food being served on trains.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Branson determined to find cause of spaceshi...Richard Branson determined to find cause of Virgin spaceship crash, pilots  identified
By Reuters | 2 Nov, 2014, 11.04AM IST
Branson arrived in the Mojave Desert to meet his Virgin Galactic team and federal officials who were opening their investigation 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MOJAVE, CALIF./CAPE CANAVERAL, FLA: Billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson vowed on Saturday to find out what caused his space tourism company's passenger spaceship to crash during a test flight in California, killing one pilot and injuring the other, but expressed a desire to press on with the dream of commercial space flight.
U.S. investigators have indicated the powered test flight of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo on Friday was well recorded, giving them an abundance of information to help determine what caused it to crash and spread debris over a 5-mile (8 km) swath of the Mojave Desert, 95 miles (150 km) north of Los Angeles.
Branson arrived in the Mojave Desert to meet his Virgin Galactic team and federal officials who were opening their investigation into the accident, the second in less than a week involving a commercial space company.
"We owe it to our pilots to find out exactly what went wrong," Branson said during a news conference in Mojave.
"If we can overcome it, we will make absolutely certain that the dream lives on," he said.
Michael Alsbury, 39, has been identified as the co-pilot who died in the crash of Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwo, and the surviving pilot is Peter Siebold, 43.
Alsbury, who police said was found dead in the aircraft and who resided in Tehachapi, California, was a project engineer and test pilot at Scaled Composites, a Northrop Grumman Corp subsidiary that built and designed the spacecraft for Virgin Galactic.
Alsbury was flying for the ninth time aboard SpaceShipTwo, including serving as the co-pilot on its first rocket-powered test flight on April 29, 2013, according to his biography on the company's website.
Siebold parachuted from SpaceShipTwo and was found with serious injuries by rescuers, who took him by helicopter to Antelope Valley Hospital, the Kern County Sheriff's Office said in a statement.
He was alert and talking with his family and doctors on Saturday, Scaled Composites said in a statement, but National Transportation Safety Board acting chairman Christopher Hart said his agency's investigators have not yet interviewed Siebold at the advice of his doctors.
An NTSB team arrived at the crash site on Saturday to begin piecing together what led to the crash.
"We are here to investigate this accident, while we are here investigating there is nothing that stops this operation from continuing flying," Hart said.
An aircraft flying behind SpaceShipTwo collected video images and radar data, and a range camera at Edwards Air Force Base also recorded the failed test flight, Hart said. The spaceship had video cameras and data storage cards on board which could help investigators.
Friday's crash was the second disaster in less than a week suffered by a private space company, dealing a blow to the fledgling commercial space industry that has been taking on work traditionally done by governments.
On Tuesday, an Antares rocket built and launched by Orbital Sciences Corp exploded after liftoff from Wallops Island, Virginia, destroying a cargo ship bound for the International Space Station.
NEW TYPE OF FUEL
The Virgin probe will likely focus on SpaceShipTwo's rocket engine, which on Friday was flying with a new type of fuel for the first time, experts said.
The solid plastic-type propellant is ignited by nitrous oxide, commonly known as laughing gas.
Virgin Galactic announced in May it was replacing the rubber-based propellant used during the spaceship's three previous rocket-powered test flights to get better performance.
"We've tested both of these fuel grains a lot," Virgin Galactic chief executive George Whitesides told Reuters at the time.
Before Friday's flight, SpaceShipTwo's last powered test flight was in January, though the rocket and its new propellant had passed multiple ground tests.
Page 1 of 2

Centre asks states to allow pvt  e-mkts for ...Agricultural Produce Market Committee
(In a recent advisory, the…)
NEW DELHI: In order to curb price rise in food items and ensure remunerative rates to farmers, the Centre has asked states to amend laws to permit new agri-marketing platforms, including allowing private as well as electronic markets.
State governments have also been asked to ensure a single licence and registration for marketing of agriculture produce for whole state.
In a recent advisory, the Agriculture Ministry has emphasised the need to accelerate agri-marketing reforms in view of concerns of rising food prices and at the same time lower remunerative price to farmers.
"The root of the issue is intrinsically linked with the overall functioning of the agri-marketing ecosystem in our country. Unfortunately, over the years, this sector has gone mostly unnurtured and has a result become vulnerable to market distortions. You will agree, it is high time that the situation is rectified," the advisory said.
Calling upon the state governments to pursue the reforms in agri-marketing system in all earnestness, the advisory said: "With regard to private markets, terminal markets and electronic markets, states may amend their respective acts and frame rules to facilitate the setting up of these markets."
Such markets should have the authority to levy and retain the market fee, and grant licenses for their respective markets, it said.
All licences/registration issued at state level by APMC should be made valid for these private market yards, terminal and electronic markets. Besides, the mechanism for obtaining permission for such markets should be simplified, it said.
These licences should be issued by state level authorities and require any clearance from any of the APMCs in the state, it added. An Agricultural Produce Market Committee is a board established by state governments.
State governments have been asked to liberalise registration of directing marketing, remove all restrictions on movement on agri-produce and set up 'single market' for agri-produce.
"Entire state should be declared as 'single market' rather than being fragmented into many markets. The act should enable issue of single license valid for the whole state," the advisory said, adding that such license should be issued by an authority at the state level.
Additionally, possibility of licences for the whole state being issued by APMCs could be explored as also all existing licences should automatically be upgraded to state level licences or at least on request, it said.
States have also been asked to restrict jurisdiction of APMCs to 'market yard including sub yards'. However, the concept of 'market area' will be retained for the purpose of election of APMC members.
Besides, they have been asked to permit trade of perishable agri-commodities outside the regulated APMC market yards also.
Stating that the 'market fee' should be treated as 'user fee' which is paid for availing services provided inside a market yard, the Centre has asked the state governments to ensure that the quantum of market fee be linked with the nature of service provided.
The advisory added that state governments should also create facilities for information technology for making the process of 'open auction' more effective, for disseminating information to farmers on real time basis on arrivals and prices and for warehouse infrastructure.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google  Apple most  in-demand  employers: Li...Apple
(The 'World's 100 Most InDemand Employers:…)
NEW DELHI: Google is the world's most sought after employer in the world, followed by Apple and Unilever in the second and third places, respectively, according to a report by professional networking site LinkedIn.
The 'World's 100 Most InDemand Employers: 2014' was based on billions of interactions from LinkedIn's over 300 million members.
No Indian company made it to the coveted list, however, a significant number of them do have their presence in the country.
The list was dominated by American companies with as many as 63 'in-demand' companies were headquartered in the US. Moreover, eight of the top 10 most sought after employers in the world are US based.
Besides Google, Apple and Unilever, other companies in the top 10 list include Microsoft (fourth), Facebook (fifth), Amazon (sixth), Procter & Gamble (seventh), GE (eighth), Nestle (ninth) and PepsiCo (10th).
A sector-wise analysis showed that the top three sectors that dominated the list include technology, telecom and media; followed by retail and consumer products and oil and energy.
As per the LinkedIn survey, around 15 per cent of in demand companies have fewer than 5,000 employees. The employee count for each company was based on the number of member profiles on LinkedIn associated with the company.
As per the report the top three smallest companies by number of employees are Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation with 1,622 employees, Airbnb (1,836) and Netflix (1,906).
In order to calculate the winners LinkedIn analysed over 10 billion data points between members and companies and compared the data with surveys of thousands of members to determine a company's "familiarity and engagement score".
"The analysis also weighted member actions like viewing employee profiles, visiting Company Pages and following companies," LinkedIn said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sunday ET | How Doon School is embracing ch...Why the World Bank is facing a crisis of confidence and what it means for India
Seema Sirohi Nov 2, 2014, 11.32AM IST
Tags:
(It's a searing lesson for…)
Because something is happening here But you don't know what it is, Do you, Mister Jones?
The lines from Bob Dylan's Ballad of a Thin Man, a furious inquisition of a philistine who enters a world he doesn't understand, aptly describe recent events at the World Bank where an "outsider" president, trying to restructure the largest development institution, is faced with fierce questioning on his ideas and methods.
Reorganizing a behemoth of 10,000 employees is no easy task but critics say that President Jim Yong Kim, a physician and anthropologist by training, has gone about his plan to slash $400 million with the delicacy of a hammer, not a scalpel. Anxiety among staff members is high, the morale low and uncertainty reigns.
It's a searing lesson for the BRICS countries as they go about setting up their development bank. The history of of the World Bank and its presidents could be a textbook on how not to be.
President Kim, a Korean American, is caught in a fullfledged culture war — development experts resent his topdown approach, insiders bristle at the outsider's arrogance, sensitized employees question his "dismissive" manner and watchdogs are appalled at his top dogs pocketing hefty bonuses while others get "nickeled and dimed".
The primary charges against Kim: a lack of transparency in the restructuring process, not releasing the budget for projects in time, creating a more centralized decision-making process while promising the opposite, selecting "yes men" of questionable expertise for top positions in newly created silos while firing well-respected managers and finally, losing sight of the clients which are the 188 member countries — for whom the Bank presumably exists.
Secondary charges: a general cluelessness, a proclivity towards control and an over reliance on outside consultants like McKinsey, Deloitte and Booz Allen. Their bill: $12.5 million.
The immediate cause for the open revolt earlier this month, which resulted in "work stoppages" and silent assemblies, was news that Bertrand Badre, the Bank's chief financial officer (CFO), had got an ostentatious bonus in the middle of cost cutting. The explosive information was meticulously dug out and collated by Fabrice Houdart, a young country director whose fearlessness has won him many fans.
Badre received a "scarce skills premium" of $189,000 over two years in addition to his annual salary of $379,000. More egregiously, the bonus came in fiscal year 2014 when the Bank took a financial hit of $203 million on bonds it owned in an Austrian bank that went under. "The decision is inexplicable in a year when the bank put zero money in reserves," said a source in the Bank's governing board of directors.
The Staff Association, experts and data crunchers, asked on September 25: "At a time of employment insecurity, staff downsizing and belt-tightening, we are mystified as to how president Kim and his senior management could be so blind to the optics."
A Sense of Fear
Now Houdart, the whistleblower, is apparently under investigation despite Kim's explicit promises that there would be no retaliation against those who spoke up. A three-man team went to Houdart's office on October 14 and removed the memory disk from his scanner without an explanation. The timing of the operation has led to questions about motives and created a sense of fear. "We have no comment," said the Bank's official spokesman David Theis.
"I have been placed under investigation...( but) let us not let ourselves be intimidated," Houdart wrote on the Bank's internal blog, a copy of which was obtained by ET Magazine. He is ostensibly being targeted for an alleged leak five months ago of an internal draft document on the Bank's new environmental and social safety standards. The document showed the Bank's intention to dilute those standards. Houdart said he had "no access" to the confidential document as a senior country officer.
Meanwhile, other bits of malodorous information about the creamy layer continue to trickle out — how Badre flew to Paris for D-Day celebrations on the Bank's dime, how he teaches a class in Paris and gets compensated. Theis said Badre's trips to Paris follow the Bank's "operational travel policies" and the ethics department had cleared his "small stipend" from the Paris institute.
But Caesar's wife must be above suspicion, as they say. Paul Cadario, a former senior manager of the Bank, says the continuous trickle of negative stories are symptoms of "a spreading lack of trust in leadership and in the example they set, which is far more damaging to the health and effectiveness of any organization, particularly one with goals as noble and important as the Bank's". Cadario, who retired in 2012 after 37 years at the Bank, is unimpressed with the way Kim has handled the process.

Khadi sales increased: ModiKhadi sales increased: Modi
Google  Apple most  in-demand  employers: LinkedInGoogle  Apple most  in-demand  employers: LinkedIn
Official: Debris sign of spaceship breaking upOfficial: Debris sign of spaceship breaking up
Finance Ministry to start budgetary exercise tomorrowFinance Ministry to start budgetary exercise tomorrow
Centre asks states to allow pvt  e-marketing of agri itemsCentre asks states to allow pvt  e-marketing of agri items
Rules that make you a leader ready to make a markYou are here: Home > Collections
Rules that make you a leader ready to make a mark
Devina Sengupta, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 02.15PM IST
Tags:
company
(Taking over the reins of…)
Taking over the reins of a company or a team is an unnerving proposition for every leader, irrespective of his years of experience in the corporate world. With hunt for new leaders going global, it takes a while for the new leader to set base, says Devina Sengupta. However, advisors to companies have chalked out a blueprint for the new leader to make his mark.
1. Check the Status
A lot depends on what is the state of the company or team when the new leader joins, said P Thiruvengadam, senior director, human capital, Deloitte. If it is a mature company and stable, then the new leader should not rock the boat and must spend time connecting with employees in small and large groups. However, if the firm is not mature and going through a rough patch, then the leader needs to take immediate steps for short-term profits, improve morale, and bag contracts and market share, he added.
2 . Make it a Planned Effort
The new leader should evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of his company, key team players and draw up a long-term progress chart. Then he should pass on his 'vision' of the company to his team members and ensure all are on the same page. However, Thiruvengadam said that often a new leader tends to rope in his former colleagues to the new company and that should only be done after a while. People who have been with the company should be brought first into the strategy team.
3 . Lay of the Land Before Taking on Reins
"The head should do his homework and meet his key associates and stake holders before he takes on his duties officially," said Nirmala Menon, founder of Interweave Consultancy, a firm that works on work-life issues in the corporate world. However, in case of an internal transfer, it becomes easier for the leader to adapt because he is aware of the firm's methods of working and would know few key players in the company.
4. Contact and Connect
New leaders need to be open and transparent."Some of them have 40-50 town halls in the first few months and they need to talk about the future and company growth," said the Deloitte senior director. He added that leaders should not discuss in small or larger groups about former heads or analyse their work and definitely not bad mouth them
5. No Need to Fit into Someone's Shoes
A mistake leaders often make is trying to either emulate or completely disregard ways the previous boss worked."If the former head was highly regarded, it does not mean the new leader has to emulate the same rules. And if he was not well respected, does not mean any step taken by the new head would gain respect from the employees," said Menon. The new leader will have to be genuine and not regard any of the former heads as his competitor.
FEATURED ARTICLES

U.S. Consumer Spending Unexpectedly DropsU.S. Consumer Spending Unexpectedly Drops
U.S. Consumer Spending Unexpectedly Drops
Oct. 31 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg¿s Emily Chang reports on today¿s top news stories on ¿Bloomberg West.¿ (Source: Bloomberg)
Oct. 31 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg¿s Emily Chang reports on today¿s top news stories on ¿Bloomberg West.¿ (Source: Bloomberg)
Oct. 31 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg¿s Emily Chang reports on today¿s top news stories on ¿Bloomberg West.¿ (Source: Bloomberg)
This video is featured in these articles:

Top Frames: Best pictures of the week gone bypicture  others
Top Frames: Best pictures of the week gone by
Clashes between Hindus and Muslims that began in Delhi’s Trilokpuri area on Friday evening were on till 24 hours   later, leaving at least 13 people injured, including eight with bullet injuries.
October 25, 2014: Fire caught during clash between two communities in Trilok Puri area in New Delhi on   Saturday. (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
Though prohibitory orders were imposed   under Section 144 of the CrPC on Saturday night, security forces struggled to gain control, with clashes spreading to   at least five blocks in the area. At least three of those injured are critical.
October 25, 2014: Stone pelting between two communities in Trilok Puri area in New Delhi on Saturday.   (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
October 26, 2014: A boy crosses a lane in Trilokpuri scattered with bricks and glass bottle pieces from   previous days' rioting on Sunday morning. (Source: Express photo by Oinam Anand)
Shortly after the Supreme Court asked the government to reveal all the names of Indians holding illegal bank accounts
October 28, 2014:  Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley waiting for   Vietnam's Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung  during the ceremonial  at Rashtrapati bhawan. (Source: Express photo by Renuka Puri)
The Supreme Court asked for all the names in a sealed envelope, a day after the government named eight people   being prosecuted for stashing untaxed money in illegal bank accounts in Switzerland and other countries. Sources   say there are at least 800 Indians holding such accounts in foreign nations.
October 28, 2014: Prime Minister Narendra Modi wating for Vietnam's Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung    during the ceremonial  at Rashtrapati bhawan. (Source: Express photo by Renuka Puri)
October 28, 2014:  Vietnam's Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dungwaves next to his Indian counterpart   Narendra Modi during Dung's ceremonial reception at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi October 28,   2014. (Source: Express photo by Renuka Puri)
The Orbital Sciences Corporation Antares rocket, with the Cygnus spacecraft onboard, as it suffers a catastrophic   anomaly moments after launch from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Pad 0A, Tuesday, Oct. 28, 2014, at   NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The Cygnus spacecraft was filled with about 5,000 pounds of supplies   slated for the International Space Station, including science experiments, experiment hardware, spare parts, and crew  provisions.
October 28, 2014:  This image provided by NASA shows the Orbital Sciences Corporation Antares rocket,   with the Cygnus spacecraft onboard, as it suffers a catastrophic anomaly moments after launch from the Mid-Atlantic   Regional Spaceport Pad 0A, Tuesday, Oct. 28, 2014, at NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The Cygnus   spacecraft was filled with about 5,000 pounds of supplies slated for the International Space Station, including science   experiments, experiment hardware, spare parts, and crew provisions. (Source: AP/PTI)
Jamaat-e-Islami chief Motiur Rahman Nizami  was sentenced to death for his role in the deaths of thousands of people  during the nation's independence war against Pakistan in 1971, in Dhaka, Bangladesh, Wednesday, Oct. 29, 2014.  Nizami, a former Cabinet minister, was tried on 16 charges, including genocide, murder, torture, rape and destruction  of property. Bangladesh says Pakistani soldiers, aided by local collaborators, killed 3 million people, raped 200,000  women and forced about 10 million people to take shelter in refugee camps across the border in neighboring India  during the nine-month war. (Source: Reuters)
October 30, 2014: Bhartiya Janta Party workers preparing Lotus in Girgaum Chowpatty for grand swearing-   in ceremony on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
October 26, 2014: Zheng Feng, an amateur climber takes wedding pictures with his bride on a cliff in   Jinhua, Zhejiang province. (Source: Reuters)
October 29, 2014:A Lady performs rituals on the occasion of Chhat Pooja in New Delhi on   Wednesday. (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
October 29, 2014: Ladies offer prayers on the occasion of Chhat Pooja in New Delhi on Wednesday.  (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
October 29, 2014:  A drone used by the police to carry out aerial inspection of riot hit Trilokpuri area on    Wednesday. (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
October 29, 2014:  A drone used by the police to carry out aerial inspection of riot hit Trilokpuri area on   Wednesday. (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
October 27, 2014: Iraqi federal policemen pose for a photograph as they arrive to join the fighting against   the Islamic State group in Jurf al-Sakhar, 43 miles (70 kilometers) south of Baghdad, Iraq. Jurf al-Sakhar is part of a   predominantly Sunni ribbon of territory that runs just south of Baghdad and lies on a road usually taken by Shiite   pilgrims to the holy Shiite city of Karbala further south. (Source: AP Photo)
October 26, 2014: U.S. Marines prepare to board a plane at the end of operations for U.S. Marines and   British combat troops in Helmand . British troops ended their combat operations in Afghanistan on Sunday as they   and U.S. Marines handed over two huge adjacent bases to the Afghan military, 13 years after a U.S.-led invasion   launched the long and costly war against the Taliban. Picture taken October 26, 2014. (Source: Reuters)
October 28, 2014: A bomb, seen on top, falls on an Islamic State fighters' position in the town of Kobani   during airstrikes by the US led coalition seen from the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border.
Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State   group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (Source: AP Photo)
October 26, 2014: Uruguay's President Jose Mujica arrives at a polling station in his Volkswagen beetle, to   cast his vote in the general elections, in Montevideo, Uruguay, Sunday, Oct. 26, 2014. Mujica led Uruguay through   economic prosperity and gained worldwide acclaim for social reforms such as the legalization of marijuana and gay   marriage. His left-leaning Broad Front coalition leads in the election to replace him, but victory in the first round is far   from certain. (Source: AP/PTI)
October 28, 2014: A man views the town of Kobani during airstrikes by the US led coalition seen from the   outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border.  (Source: AP)
October 24, 2014:  U.S. President Barack Obama hugs Dallas nurse Nina Pham at the Oval Office in   Washington.  Obama gave a big hug on Friday to Nina Pham, the Dallas nurse who survived a bout with Ebola.   (Source: Reuters)
October 28, 2014:  Dust rises as a herd of camels arrive for the annual cattle fair in Pushkar, in the western   Indian state of Rajasthan. Pushkar, located on the banks of Pushkar Lake, is a popular Hindu pilgrimage spot that is   also frequented by foreign tourists who come to the town for the annual cattle fair and camel races. (Source: AP)
October 24, 2014: A Nihang or a Sikh warrior, yawns while wearing a turban during a religious procession to   mark the Bandi Chhorh Divas in the northern Indian city of Amritsar October 24, 2014. (Source: Reuters)
October 26, 2014: A member of a military rescue team pauses during search operations at the site of a   landslide at the Koslanda tea plantation near Haldummulla October 30, 2014. Hopes of finding survivors under the   mud and rubble of a landslide in south-central Sri Lanka had run out by first light on Thursday, though a government   minister cut the estimated death toll to more than 100 from 300 the previous night.     (Source: Reuters)
October 26, 2014: In this photo provided by attorney Steven Hyman, quarantined nurse Kaci Hickox meets   with the prominent New York civil rights attorney Norman Siegel, seated, at the isolation tent at University Hospital in   Newark, N.J., where Hickox was confined after flying into Newark Liberty International Airport following her work in   West Africa caring for Ebola patients. For Americans wondering why President Barack Obama hasn’t forced all   states to follow a single, national rule for isolating potential Ebola patients, the White House has a quick retort: Talk   to the Founding Fathers. A hodgepodge of state policies, some of which directly contradict Obama’s   recommendations, has sowed confusion about what’s really needed to stop Ebola from spreading in the United   States. While public health advocates denounce state quarantines as draconian and scientifically baseless, anxious   citizens in non-quarantine states are asking whether they’re at greater risk because their governors and the president   have adopted a lesser level of caution. (Source: AP)
October 26, 2014: A Free Syrian Army fighter carrying a weapon looks through a hole in the wall inside a   damaged building on the frontline of Aleppo's Al-Ezaa neighbourhood. (Source: Reuters)
Related

Meet Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis new cabinetpicture  others
Meet Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis’ new cabinet
A team of nine ministers, including seven cabinet ministers, were also administered the oath of office at a grand function held at Mumbai’s Wankhede Stadium on Friday (October 31). (Source: Express Photo)
Chandrakant Patil is a low-profile member of the Legislative Council, vice-president of the state BJP; could serve as bridge between party and government. (Source: Express Photo)
Dilip Kamble is a two-time MLA and former minister of state and won the race for a Cabinet berth against Girish Bapat. (Source: Express Photo)
Eknath Khadse is a former village sarpanch and has always worked on rural and agragrian issues. (Source: Express Photo)
Pankaja Munde was elected to the assembly in 2009 after her father moved to the national stage, and was elected BJP state youth wing president soon after. (Source: Express Photo)
Prakash Mehta was a close aide of Gopinath Munde, and is thought to be close to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. (Source: Express Photo)
Sudhir Mungantiwar began his political career as BJP youth wing leader in Chandrapur district of Vidarbha, and contested assembly elections for the first time in 1995 from Chandrapur constituency. (Source: Express Photo)
Vidya Thakur is the wife of senior BJP leader Jaiprakash Thakur, who contested the Kandivali (East) seat but lost. (Source: Express Photo)
Vinod Tawde is known for his ability to organise, plan and strategise, and has always played a key role in the party organisation, whether as general secretary or while leading it in the state council. (Source: Express Photo)
Vishnu Savara is a 6-term MLA, who now represents Vekramgarh in Palghar district, a tribal dominated area adjoining Thane district. (Source: Express Photo)
People from all over the city gathered at Marine Drive and other parts of South Mumbai to be a part of the ceremony. (Source: Express photo by Vasant Prabhu)
BJP supporters crowd the streets. (Source: Express photo by Vasant Prabhu)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, right, greets newly appointed Chief Minister of Maharashtra Devendra Fadnavis after the swearing in ceremony in Mumbai. Fadnavis was sworn in as chief minister of the first Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government in the state. (Source: AP)
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis with his wife Amruta during his swearing-in ceremony in Mumbai on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Devendra Fadnavis waves to the crowd after being sworn in as chief minister of Maharashtra state in Mumbai on Friday. (Source: AP)
Devendra Fadavnis along with his Mother during  swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis exchanges greetings with Pankaja Munde at his swearing-in ceremony in Mumbai on Friday. (Source: PTI)
PM Narendra Modi shakes hands with Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray as BJP President Amit Shah looks on during the swearing-in ceremony of new Maharashtra government in Mumbai on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with former Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan at the Devendra Fadnavis' swearing-in ceremony in Mumbai on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray exchanges greetings with BJP MLA Pankaja Munde during the swearing-in ceremony of new Maharashtra government in Mumbai on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray attend swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and senior BJP leader LK Advani at the swearing-in ceremony of new Maharashtra government in Mumbai on Friday. (Source: PTI)
BJP supporters celebrate before the swearing-in ceremony of Devendra Fadnavis, in Thane, Mumbai on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Prime minister Narendra Modi along with senior BJP leader L K Advani,BJP president Amit Shah, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari, Murli Manohar Joshi, Venkaiah Naidu and Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray  attend the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Devendra Fadnavis taking oath as Maharashtra Chief Minister in Mumbai on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Pradip Das)
BJP supporters celebrating at Marine Drive in Mumbai. (Source: Express Photo by Amit Chakravarty)
Devendra Fadavnis during swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Related

No one ever gets the most iconic part of  Game Of Thrones  right: MartinSave precious time tracking your investments
If there's one thing Game of Thrones is known for other than dragons — it's the Iron Throne . In the books, the chair is forged from 1,000 swords. The person who sits in it is considered the ruler of the Seven Kingdoms.
While the HBO version is the one fans and audiences may be most familiar with, author George RR Martin explained how no one ever gets the iconic throne correct during a recent panel discussion for his new book, The World of Ice & Fire.
"Nobody ever got it right," said Martin. He says one person did come close, though. French artist Marc Simonetti impressed Martin so much that he collaborated with him until he produced a portrait depicting his actual vision.
"Even his first one wasn't right, but since he was the closest, I worked with him," said Martin. "We got the book and he and I went back and forth a half dozen times to get something I could say, 'Yeah, this is absolutely right.".

Fashion portals reveal the top queries to be on every buyer s mindLeading fashion portals reveal the top queries that seem to be on every buyer's mind
By Sujata Reddy , ET Bureau | 31 Oct, 2014, 01.55PM IST
As leading websites clamour to offer style advice to their customers, they reveal the top fashion queries that seem to be on every man and woman’s mind.
ET SPECIAL:
Fashion portals are proving to be more than just about ordering clothes-at-a-click. In a bid to connect better with buyers, more and more websites are launching unique services that personalise the virtual shopping experience.
Jabong.com, Stylist-On-Call Service
Praveen Sinha, Founder and MD Sinha says that its 15-20 stylists are as diverse as fresh graduates to stylists with over 12 years of experience. "We are also taking on influencers and stylists of various celebrities," he says. One major problem the website is facing is that people are hesitant to experiment. "To make Jabong the ultimate fashion destination, offering personal styling was a very obvious choice."
Top queries: Outfits for particular occasions, what to wear on a date and how to accessorise an ensemble.
16stitches.com , Travelling Tailor
Punit and Priyanka Chokhani, Founders
Launched specially for Mumbai, this service enables the customer to touch and feel the entire range of fabrics and get measured in their home/office. "We currently have two stylists who act as basic consultants to guide the user. However, for detailed queries and information, the stylist connects the user to our team on phone," says Chokhani.
Top queries: Quality of the fabric and if what they select can be used for a formal shirt; whether the fabric will crease easily.
Myntra.com, Style Helpline:
Ganesh Subramanian, COO
Myntra currently has more than 20 in-house experienced stylists on board. The helpline, says Subramanian, was launched so that fashion tips by experts trickled down to the masses. "The style service helpline aims to provide a quick fix solution to queries about anything and everything related to fashion, from pairing the right accessories with one's apparel to simply donning the right shade of lip-gloss or mascara," asserts Subramanian. Top queries: How to style themselves according to their body type; types of formal trousers, shirts, shoes and clothes to buy when travelling.
Bombayshirts.com:
Travelling Stylist
Akshay Narvekar, Founder
"The travelling stylist is all about offering a customised designing experience. All a man has to do is book an appointment and our expert stylists will go to his home or office. They'll measure him up, show him our extensive range of fabrics and help him pick his customisations. The stylist will also suggest what might look good, or what else they can try in terms of design," says Narvekar. Men, contrary to popular perception, he adds, have a lot of queries regarding what kind of clothes suit them best.
Top queries: Recommended colours for office wear shirts, collars for body type and ties to suit, difference in a regular placket and French placket.

India may build airport near China border: V K SinghIndia may build airport at Tawang, near China border
By Saibal Dasgupta, TNN | 1 Nov, 2014, 10.49AM IST
VK Singh on Friday said India was hopeful of building an airport in Tawang while the work on another airport at Pashighat in Arunachal Pradesh was underway. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Minister of state for external affairs VK Singh on Friday said India was hopeful of building an airport in Tawang while the work on another airport at Pashighat in Arunachal Pradesh was underway.
"But there is a problem with land availability there (in Tawang)," Singh, who is also in charge of the northeast affairs, told Indian journalists here.
"The land acquisition problem for the airport in Itanagar , Arunachal's capital, has just been sorted out." Singh added the government is planning airfields in Arunachal Pradesh for smaller aircraft.
Singh said the government plans to create a separate company in collaboration with the Indian Airlines to operate small aircraft in the northeast.
He added new highways are being planned as part of the efforts initiated for major infrastructure development in the region. The railway budget for the region has been increased by 58%.
The visiting Indian minister's statement in Beijing is significant as China claims Arunachal Pradesh as its own.
Singh discussed new measures to examine risks Chinese dams pose in the upper reaches of the Brahmaputra.
Experts claim the dams have made India vulnerable to flash floods and reduced water supply. They say China would now control water flow from the upper reaches.
Singh said the government would commission a study to examine the impact of the dams. "It is essential to re-examine studies done in the past. It is only after through study that the risk posed by Tibetan dams could be determined," he said.
"In the early 1950s, a major earthquake took place and changed the course of Brahmaputra. The river bed also went up. We have to see how much water comes from China, and how much is contributed by its different tributaries like the Lohit."

ITBP jawans learn Chinese to avoid confusion with PLAITBP jawans learn Chinese to avoid confusion with PLA
By Deeptiman Tiwary, TNN | 1 Nov, 2014, 10.56AM IST
Officers from ITBP, which guards the Sino-Indian border have been enrolled for a two-year course in JNU's school of foreign languages. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Increasing incidence of face-offs with the Chinese army on the border has prompted the government to push its forces to learn Chinese. The idea is to have more and more personnel speak good Chinese so that they can communicate well during confrontations and escalation of tension is avoided due to any misunderstanding.
As many as 12 officers from ITBP, which guards the over 3,400km long Sino-Indian border have been enrolled for a two-year course in JNU's school of foreign languages. More are to follow, sources said.
ITBP DG Dubhash Goswami said, "We are increasingly stressing on learning the Chinese language. Our officers and jawans are enrolled in long duration courses. There is a perceptional difference between us and Chinese forces as far as border is concerned. Communication is important to maintain peace at the border."
Although this is not the first time that ITBP personnel are learning Chinese, such stress on learning the language well has not been there, said sources. "Earlier personnel would get to do short term capsule courses to enable them just to have a workable communication skill in Chinese limited to exchanging greetings or explaining positions. Till the 90s, in fact, force personnel were forbidden to attempt any communication with PLA as our skills were so poor that we used to only use sign language and that would lead to miscommunication," said an officer.
However, a lot has changed since then, he adds. "Earlier there would just be banner drills and patrolling confrontation where both parties would assert their claim to territory and then return to bases. There was no need for detailed communication. For the past couple of years though, there are more face-offs where confrontation continues for over a fortnight. Communication now cannot be avoided and sign language will not suffice. As forces are getting aggressive on both sides, miscommunication can lead to escalation of tension."
Sources said as things stand today and in case confrontation with the Chinese increase, there could be a requirement to integrate Chinese lessons in the regular training course of ITBP.

Cong ends alliance with JMM in Jharkhand; it s advantage BJPAICC
(On Friday, Congress called…)
PATNA| NEW DELHI: The Congress and Jharkhand Mukti Morcha have parted ways in Jharkhand and announced plans to contest the upcoming Assembly polls separately. The development is seen boosting the chances of the BJP in the state.
On Friday, Congress called off its alliance with the ruling JMM saying it was making unrealistic demands for seats. The announcement was made after the AICC leadership concluded that Shibu Soren and his son, Hemant, were "under growing pressure from rival not to be part of a four-party alliance" the Congress was working on along with the RJD and JD(U).
Incidentally, Soren and his son have criminal cases against them. ET had reported on Monday that JMM was bargaining hard with Congress on seat-sharing even as a section of the AICC was of the view that Soren was simultaneously keeping a post-poll options open vis-a-vis the BJP.
"We are over with the alliance as far as JMM is concerned. We will contest the election along with the RJD and JD(U), much like the way we contested the by-elections in Bihar," AICC general secretary BK Hari Prasad said, adding that the decision to withdraw support from the Hemant Soren government would be taken later. Jharkhand Chief Minister Hemant Soren, who was camping in New Delhi for seat-sharing talks with the Congress leadership, said, "Now that the alliance has been called off by the Congress, the JMM will contest on all the 81 Assembly seats."
Analysts will now be watching whether Congress will rope in Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (JVM) to prop up a broad-based secular alliance to counter BJP's surge. JVM chief Babu Lal Marandi had said earlier that the party would not go for any alliance with the Congress or the BJP. However, the Congress-JMM split may change this stance.
"The JVM can be approached for an alliance and, if that happens, it is going to be formidable combination which will include RJD and JD(U) as well," said some Congress leaders.
With the alliance's collapse, Jharkhand will now see a triangular contest—BJP vs Congress-RJDJD( U) vs JMM. Such a contest, analysts say, would be to the advantageous of the BJP as the JMM and Congress could split the non-BJP votes.
The BJP has high stakes in this alliance, given that the outcome in Jharkhand could have a direct say on Bihar elections next year where. After JMM, the remaining Congress allies in Jharkhand— JD(U) and RJD—have limited influence compared to the BJP.
Congress sources said "JMM's stage-managed tussle over seatsharing" saw it refusing Congress' original offer—both contesting 36 seats each, leaving nine seats to accommodate the RJD and JD(U). Instead, Soren bargained for no less than 45 seats apart from staking claim to seats like Pakur, Ghatsila and Jamtara.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Peace returns in Delhi s Trilokpuri as communities talk cooperationYou are here: Home > Collections
Peace returns in Delhi's Trilokpuri as communities talk cooperation
Shivendra Kumar Singh, ET Bureau Nov 1, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Judicial Event
(The communities have also…)
NEW DELHI: The loudspeakers playing bhajans fell silent immediately when the 4 pm azaan began, reflecting the fragile truce that has been reached between the two communities in Delhi's Trilokpuri area.
The communities have also agreed to participate in each other's events and have asked people from their communities to become volunteers and help organise such events. Muslim boys were seen toiling with their Hindu counterparts to make Jagran a success. Jagran is taking place at the same place where Mata ki Chowki was set up in Block 20.
Muslims are observing Muharram on November 4 at the mosque, just 50 meters from mata ki chowki. This is a big development, and the excitement is palpable among the Hindus, after things looked extremely vulnerable.
The police has deployed two DCPs, four ACPs, eight inspectors, 45 sub-inspectors, 375 constables and 50 undercover officers, apart from three companies of paramilitary forces. Two constables have been deployed on top of every building where mata ki chowki is located. Two drones would keep close watch on every corner.
Jagran started at 5 pm and a two-hour window was given to the people of Block 20 and adjacent blocks to reach their homes because section 144 was imposed on all the roads leading to Block 20. Jagran continued till Friday midnight. BK Talwar, chief organiser of Jagran, was happy with the proceedings.
"After what has happened in the past week, we are happy that things have come to normal. We got clearance from the police only yesterday evening, and we have received over Rs 1.25 lakh in donations and it is still not 10 am. You can see the excitement."
Ex-BJP MLA Sunil Kumar Vaidya , accused of stoking violence in the region, also attended the Jagran. Local cleric Mohammad Shamim , said "Both communities have agreed to participate in each other's events. 20 Muslim boys have agreed to volunteer in Jagran. Likewise, 20 Hindu boys will be volunteering for Muharram."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fadnavis s oath ceremony turns into mini Kumbhactor
(More than a 100 ‘saints’…)
MUMBAI: Religion reigned in the oath-taking ceremony of the first ever BJP government in Maharashtra with sadhus from all over the state given pride of place while a separate enclave accommodated spiritual figures from other faiths.
The unchecked enthusiasm of party cadres led to chaotic scenes at the Wankhede Stadium and many prominent invitees had to struggle to make it to the VIP enclosure.
More than a 100 'saints' from all parts of the state were given special invites, with a special VIP gate ushering them in safely to the chagrin of those who had to walk back from the venue because of the crowds.
The sight of a sea of saffron immediately invited criticism from Opposition. "This was a government function but sadhus, saints, buwa-baba and maharajs (godmen) were present in a large number... Is this not superstition?" former CM and Congress leader Ashok Chavan asked.
CM Devendra Fadnavis , however, was quick to dismiss that. "They belonged to all religions. There is a thin line between belief and superstition. We are against superstition," he said. Earlier, arrangements for the lavish ceremony itself had come for criticism, but on Friday, BJP cadres couldn't seem to get enough of what was on offer.
Noted industrialist Adi Godrej was seen wading through a long queue from the VIP enclosure to reach the special VIP box. Famous builder Niranjan Hiranandani had to endure pushing and shoving crowds before he could make it to the venue. ADAG Group chairman Anil Ambani was lucky to skip the queues and the chaos as BJP cadres removed one of the barricades to get him to the enclosure.
Actor Nana Patekar chose to return from the gates after his second attempt to reach the VIP enclosure went in vain because of the teeming crowd. Well-known Marathi actors Ramesh Deo and his son Ajinkya who were unable to get in were seated in the press gallery.
However, it was neither the saints nor Fadnavis who was the biggest draw. The loudest cheers were reserved for PM Narendra Modi as he entered the venue. Pankaja Munde too evoked quite a response from the crowd. NCP leader Praful Patel who entered the VIP enclosure didn't sit with other NCP leaders like Ajit Pawar and Sunil Tatkare in a separate stage. Patel went and sat beside BJP Chief Ministers and was seen talking animatedly with Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje Scindia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena s advise to new BJP govt: Don t take people for grantedBJP
(Shiv Sena today cautioned…)
MUMBAI: Shiv Sena today cautioned new Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis against taking the people for granted and asked him to fulfil the expectations of the common man.
"The new Government is like a newly-wed woman who initially pleases her mother-in-law. In this case the mother- in-law is the people of Maharashtra. You cannot take people for granted. They have the power to pull your ears when you err," an editorial in Sena mouthpiece 'Saamana' said.
This is the first lesson the new Government will have to learn, the Sena said amid signs of a rapprochement between the saffron parties, who parted ways on September 25, just weeks before the Assembly polls, which saw BJP emerging as the single largest party in the State.
It is true that there is no magic wand to fulfil promises made (during polls) but people of Maharashtra are looking at the new Government, the first led by BJP, with a lot of hope, the publication said.
"Mantralaya (the State Secretariat) was gutted during the Congress-NCP rule but the aspirations of people had turned into ashes much before that. The new Chief Minister should ensure that his work is like the proverbial Phoenix which rose from the ashes," the Sena organ maintained.
Describing yesterday's swearing in ceremony of the Fadnavis-led Ministry as grand (it was also attended by corporate bigwigs), the Sena said the poor, and not the rich or money bags, should get the attention of the administration as was the case during Shivaji's era.
"Fadnavis has said he will emulate Shivaji Maharaj's example while ruling the state. He should remember that the real strength of Shivaji's Hindavi swarajya was not the seth and sahukars but the common poor folk."
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray attended the inauguration ceremony at Wankhede Stadium after a call from BJP President Amit Shah and other leaders. The party had earlier announced it would keep off the mega event, attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, citing "constant humiliation" by BJP ahead of Government formation.
Sena MP Vinayak Raut yesterday said Shah has assured Uddhav of a positive decision on participation of his party in the BJP Government.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Petrol price cut by Rs 2.41/litre  diesel rate by Rs 2.25You are here: Home > Collections > Retailers
Petrol price cut by Rs 2.41/litre, diesel rate lowered by Rs 2.25
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 08.29PM IST
Tags:
Delhi
(The reduction in rates of…)
NEW DELHI: Petrol is cheaper by Rs 2.41 per litre from Saturday and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre which is its first price reduction by state-run retailers after the government allowed them to align its pump prices with the international oil market.
Falling international oil prices have sharply reduced retail prices of diesel and petrol. Diesel rates have dropped by about 10% in about two weeks that would dampen inflation and cheer consumers ahead of assembly elections in Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir.
The government on Oct 18 deregulated diesel prices and reduced its retail price by Rs 3.37 per litre in Delhi.
State oil marketing firms on Friday decided to reduce petrol and diesel prices. Decrease in retail price of petrol by Rs. 2.41 per litre in Delhi is inclusive of local taxes.
Similarly, diesel price is reduced by Rs 2.25 per litre in Delhi. Consumer price reduction in different cities would vary depending on local levies, Indian Oil Corporation said in a statement.
IOC said "the international prices of both petrol and diesel have continued to be on a downtrend. The rupee-dollar exchange rate has appreciated slightly since the last price change.
The combined impact of both these factors warrant the said decrease in retail selling prices of petrol and diesel".
Auto Fuel Rates (in Rs/litre)
Brent crude dropped to a four-year low of $82.60 per barrels two weeks ago from above $115 in June. It was trading at around $86 per barrel on Friday.
This is the sixth consecutive petrol price cut since Aug 1 after its retail price peaked at Rs 73.6 per litre in Delhi. Companies, which enjoy pricing freedom for petrol since June 2010, have reduced its price by over Rs 9 a litre in last three months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dabur Chyawanprash in biscuits and bars variants to attract young customersYou are here: Home > Collections > Emami
Dabur Chyawanprash to be launched in biscuits and bars variants to attract young customers
Ratna Bhushan, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
Biscuit
(abur will soon roll out Chyawanprash…)
NEW DELHI: Dabur will soon roll out Chyawanprash in biscuit and snack bar variants as part of its bid to make the 'traditional' brand appealing to young consumers and make the 130-year-old company 'future ready'.
KK Chutani, chief marketing officer and executive director for consumer care business at Dabur, said the company plans to modernise its over half-a-century-old brand Dabur Chyawanprash, along with other brands in its portfolio such as Hajmola digestive candy and Pudin Hara.
While biscuits is an over Rs 10,000-crore category with Parle and Britannia leading it, snack bars as a category has not yet picked up in the country. Dabur dominates theRs 550-crore chyawanprash category with close to 65% share followed by Emami. While the category has been growing 10%-12% a year, with its brown sticky appearance, chyawanprash has a non-contemporary feel.
Dabur and Emami have always been trying to make it more appealing to consumers. Between the two brands, some of the biggest names in the entertainment and sports world, including Shah Rukh Khan, Madhuri Dixit and MS Dhoni, have endorsed chyawanprash.
While Dixit is currently the face of Dabur Chyawanprash, the company has roped in Anil Kapoor to endorse a soon-to-be launched premium variant, which offers to boost 'stamina and vitality'. Hence the choice of roping in the 50-plus Kapoor.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government considers ban on e-cigarettes  sale of single smokesThe WHO in August called for stiff regulation of e-cigarettes as well as bans on indoor use, in the latest bid to control the booming $3 billion global market.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The government is considering a ban on electronic cigarettes over the risks to public health that they may cause, a senior Health Ministry official told Reuters.
The World Health Organization (WHO) in August called for stiff regulation of e-cigarettes as well as bans on indoor use, in the latest bid to control the booming $3 billion global market.
Such devices use battery-powered cartridges to produce a nicotine-laced vapour but there is a lack of long-term scientific research that confirms they are safe. Some critics fear they could lead to nicotine addiction and tobacco smoking.
"We see it as a backdoor entry, it doesn't have tobacco but it has nicotine," said the official, who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter.
"Expert panels have recommended regulation or a ban. India cannot regulate easily," the official added, saying that the government would consider the ban in the next month or two.
The European Union has agreed to requirements around advertising and packaging to ensure the safety and quality of e-cigarettes. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has proposed banning sales to anyone under 18.
Up to 900,000 Indians die every year of tobacco-related diseases, and that number could reach 1.5 million by 2020 if users do not kick the habit, the International Tobacco Control Project estimates.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government is taking several steps to curb India's tobacco consumption. It has increased taxes on tobacco products and ordered companies to print more health warnings on packages.
SINGLE BAN?
While most e-cigarettes are imported and sold by small firms, India's largest cigarette maker ITC started selling the devices in August.
ITC did not comment directly on the likely ban, but said India should not be left behind in technology development of such products.
India has also proposed a ban on the sale of single conventional cigarettes. The official said the ministry had proposed amendments to tobacco control laws and a cabinet note had been circulated for comments.
Indians smoked more than 100 billion cigarettes in 2012, according to Euromonitor International, and it is common for vendors to sell them individually.
The WHO's Framework Convention on Tobacco Control states that countries "shall endeavour" to prohibit such sales as it makes them more affordable for minors. India is a party to the convention.
A single cigarette costs about Rs 10 (16 cents) in the capital, New Delhi, compared with a pack of 20 that costs Rs 190 ($3).
The ITC declined to comment on the proposed ban. The Tobacco Institute of India (TII), an industry body, said the proposed law would not be easily enforceable and would lead to retailers being harassed.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Indian e-comm goes talent shopping in Silicon ValleyAmazon India
(As e-comm cos scale up their…)
NEW DELHI: As e-commerce companies scale up their businesses dramatically, they're being forced to look overseas — Silicon Valley in particular — for people with the skills needed to fill top positions. Flipkart, Quikr, Ibibo-Group, PolicyBazaar, Urban Ladder, CBazaar, Jabong and Caratlane among others are looking to persuade highly qualified Indians and even some expats to shift base and are prepared to pay to get them on board.
Such hires have worked well for Flipkart and Infibeam and they're keen on adding more such employees to their rolls as they expand at breakneck speed.
Online retail in India is expected to grow to $6 billion in size next year, according to research firm Gartner. "We do believe that expats and Indians working abroad bring a different perspective in conducting and scaling the business," said Manu Midha, V-P of planning and strategy at Infibeam. "We are also recruiting for overseas expansion of the platform.
E-commerce in India is witnessing phenomenal growth and has become an attractive option for many techies at senior level with rich experience and knowledge to return (to India) and join the bandwagon."
Flipkart has people with international experience in key positions across technology, retail, marketing, supply chain, corporate development and other departments.
"If we find people that match the job profile and have a passion to succeed, we hire across boundaries as well. For an organisation like Flipkart that is looking to create a world-class experience in the Indian market, this kind of talent adds value," said Mekin Maheshwari, chief people officer at Flipkart.Most such hires are in their late 30s or 40s and are attracted to the prospect of coming home. While pay packets vary, annual salaries are typically pegged at Rs 1.5 crore along with stock options. If there was one event that brought home to e-commerce companies that they needed to get serious about hiring the right people, it was the $1-billion investment in Flipkart. Suddenly, they were about to move out of the shallows and into the deep ocean with such leviathans as Amazon and would need to swim or sink. The advent of the Narendra Modi government with a substantial majority also acted as a tonic, said Mayank Pande, a partner at Amrop India.
 
Arch rivals Flipkart and Amazon have accumulated huge investments to power their growth. Flipkart has raised more than $1.2 billion this year, while Snapdeal has received about $850 million, including the funding from SoftBank this week. Amazon India got a commitment of $2 billion from its parent in July. Naturally, staffing is surging: By the end of the fiscal year, Flipkart will increase employee count to an estimated 26,000 and Snapdeal to 3,600. Flipkart's numbers include hiring for its logistics arm. Much of the talent pool available locally is not as evolved as those found overseas. "We are compelled to look at Silicon Valley and are in the process of shortlisting a few names for our clients," said Pande. "Most ecommerce companies (with sound funding) as well as brick and mortar companies looking at building/strengthening their e-commerce business are looking at Silicon Valley for experienced, evolved cutting-edge talent." Vikram Chhachhi of Heidrick and Struggles agreed with this.
"Niche talent required for the e-commerce space lies globally as the existing domestic pool of talent in technology and supply chain relevant for these companies is scarce," said Chhachhi, a principal at its Mumbai office and a member of the global consumer markets practice.
He pointed out that e-commerce companies themselves weren't prepared for this kind of growth. Having people with the requisite knowledge has become even more critical to sustain rising volume and cope with competition. "Else many companies will soon go bust if they fail to attract best talent," Chhachhi said.CBazaar, formerly Chennaibazaar, gets close to 90% of its revenue from overseas. It's looking for a chief financial officer and a marketing head.
"We have not come across anyone (locally) who can understand our business and help us to grow it. We are now exploring talent in the US through headhunters and our network," said CBazaar chief executive officer and co-founder Rajesh Nahar. The company, which is funded by Inventus Capital Partners and Ojas Venture Partners, is eyeing another round of funding.
Infibeam, which is heading for an initial public offering, recently hired Soumya Banerjee to head its digital initiatives. The company intends to gain from his experience in the new technologies space, said Midha. The company has also hired Parag Raval, who is currently working in the CEO's office at Infibeam. Before this, Raval was the founder of ConsulTeam, a Californiabased strategy, financial and management consulting firm.

Industry goes innovative with staff referral plans; offers attractive rewardsYou are here: Home > Collections
Industry goes innovative with staff referral plans; offers attractive rewards
Devina Sengupta & Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 01.52PM IST
Tags:
hire
(Employers are ready to dole…)
MUMBAI | NEW DELHI: Get your friend as coworker and take your Harley-Davidson. Companies, from startups to old brick-andmortar giants, are going innovative on rewarding staff who bring potential employees from their networks. Cash rewards are still around but out of fashion, and iPads and iPhones are among the most common prizes. Internet product company Directi is urgently looking for mobile app developers for its new communication business and wants to hire 20 senior developers in two months. It launched an employee referral programme this August and the prizes include a Harley-Davidson bike and Volkswagen Polo car. Previously, it had given away iPads, and that had proved to be immensely successful in filling up urgent vacancies.
SmartPlay, a technology service provider, is offering European holidays along with several other rewards to employees who help recruit fresh staff. Rewards become bigger and novel when the demand is in niche areas.
Employee referral is increasingly becoming an effective recruitment tool. Employers are ready to dole out big rewards to staff who help recruit the right talent because the candidates they bring make the cut more often than those who come through recruitment firms.
The chances of such candidates falling prey to counter offers are found to be lower too, as often the existing staff become brand ambassadors for the company to persuade them to get on board. With the economy now looking set to make a turnaround, the battle for talent has become intense. Many companies, especially in the technology and emerging sectors, are looking to recruit experienced employees in droves, and fast.
Many are turning to their own employees for help."We got 75 resumes in one month and, despite being a regular at top tech colleges, this was the best way to get employees with experience," said Ameya Ayachit, senior manager for talent acquisition at Directi India, which develops mass-market Web products.
The Mumbai-based firm also launched an external referral programme, wherein a candidate seeking a job with the company can refer friends and if those people get selected, then the candidate would get half the monthly salary of the selected employee as an incentive. And, the candidate himself doesn't have to pass the interview to claim this incentive.
"We realised that those who reach the last stages, will have peer group with similar skillset and that is our target lot," Ayachit said. Employee referrals, say companies, have a 50-60% conversion rate, and the chances of retention are higher than those employed via recruitment portals or agencies. Besides, can save on cost, while also rewarding existing staff.
Startups are at the forefront with employee referral programmes, with attractive incentives to net the young workforce. Last week, Bangalore-based taxi aggregator Ola Cabs announced it would give away the newly launched iPhone 6 and paid international holidays for those who refer mid- to senior-level candidates. The company also gives out cash payouts and Ola Money credits which give them free cab rides. Rival Taxi For Sure, launched an employee referral programme for the first time officially this May, offering cash.
It plans to also give away iPhones, gadgets and two-way air fare for domestic holidays starting next month. In fact, some of the startups, which have re- alised the necessity of employee referrals, are making their programmes more attractive. And they include SmartPlay, the company that is offering European holidays. Its fovourite reward for the past four years was iPads.
 
From now on, it would also give away digital SLR cameras, along with smartphones. "It is a task to get engineering and computer science candidates with niche skills in the semiconductor space," said Vice President Vijay Mohan. Last year, it offered trips to Mauritius, and now plans to roll out European holidays that will likely get more traction, Mohan said.
His target is to take referral hires to 50% next year from 35% now. Business and technology service provider Sapient Global Markets introduced Harley-Davidson as its"bumper" prize five weeks ago."It is a competitive market and we need to sell the profile and create internal buzz. Around 25% of our hires are via employee referrals and with these incentives, resume inflow doubles up," said Director, Capacity, Rishi Bhatnagar.
"We plan to make 50% of our hires via this route next year." The offers often become innovative when the demand is for talent that isn't easily available. Last year Sapient Nitro rolled out a referral scheme where above a certain number of hires, the company would take care part of marital expenses of the staff who bring new employees, and education loans, as well as pay a percentage of down payment on car and home loan. Some of the referral schemes are rolled out to meet gender diversity and increase headcount in newer cities.

Rahul must take over as Cong prez: Digvijaya Singh(The time has come for Rahul…)
By CL Manoj
NEW DELHI: The time has come for Rahul Gandhi to take full charge of Congress as its handson leader while Sonia Gandhi can continue to mentor the party, AICC General Secretary Digvijaya Singh told ET in an exclusive interaction on Friday. "Rahulji should take charge as the president of Congress at the earliest and must embark on a Bharat Yatra as a mass-contact programme across the country," Singh said, adding that Sonia could remain the chairperson of United Progressive Alliance.
Apart from Singh, senior party leaders including Ahmed Patel, AK Antony, P Chidambaram, Ambika Soni, Ashok Gehlot, Sheila Dikshit , Veerappa Moily, Ghulam Nabi Azad, Mallikarjun Kharge, Oscar Fernandes and Mukul Wasnik have had discussions with Rahul in the past few weeks and days. Many of these leaders told ET separately that they have conveyed to Rahul that it's time he took over as the party chief .
There is a palpable sense of expectation, and even confidence, among some influential Congress leaders that Rahul, long seen as a "reluctant heir", "is now ready" to take charge and lead from the front after the party's crushing defeat in the general elections. Many feel the "earlier" Rahul takes charge, "the better", as it will put an end to the lingering doubts/confusions about his plans besides giving the party the much-needed sense of direction.
Speaking to ET at his Lodhi Estate residence, Singh also said Rahul is the chosen one to lead Congress. "There is no one in the party who will challenge Rahulji's leadership," he said.
On the possibility of a rejig in the party's top leadership, Singh said, "Once he takes charge, he may do that. It is up to him." After taking charge, Rahul should immediately re-assess the socio-economic policy of Congress, Singh said, adding that he must also focus on holding a transparent drive for party membership, and organisational elections by putting an end to bogus practices.
Ever since Rahul Gandhi became AICC general secretary in 2005, and later the vice-president in 2013, he has been carrying out his own "experiments and reforms" within the organization.
He started with the Youth Congress and NSUI and has now turned his attention to the main party. There have been reports of some of Rahul's "innovative ideas" conflicting with the approach of "traditional leaders, especially the old guard ".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rahul Gandhi starts deliberations after string of poll reversesRahul Gandhi starts deliberations after string of poll reverses
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 08.49PM IST
Tags:
Congress
(The talk in the party is that…)
NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi has embarked on brainstorming sessions with senior Congress leaders to decide the future course for the party in the wake of a string of electoral debacles since the Lok Sabha polls in May.
As part of the exercise, the Congress Vice President held lengthy consultations today with senior party leaders Sushilkumar Shinde, Amarinder Singh, Janardan Dwivedi, Mukul Wasnik, Girija Vyas, Shashi Tharoor and Ajay Maken.
This was the third such interactive session held by him in the last few days, seen as an exercise by the leadership to assess the situation to decide the future course, Maken told reporters.
While the Antony Committee, which went into the debacle in the Lok Sabha polls, was the first step, the interactive sessions initiated by Gandhi is the second step in the plans to decide the future course and strengthen the organisation.
Gandhi's exercise comes close on the heels of the party losing power in Maharashtra after 15 years and finishing third in Haryana in the Assembly elections held recently.
The talk in the party is that the exercise initiated by Gandhi was akin to "mini Chintan shivirs" to generate fresh ideas for revival of the organisation.
The Congress leadership has been talking about holding a 'Chintan shivir' ever since the defeat in the Lok Sabha polls in May which saw the party securing the lowest number of seats, 44, in the 543-member Lower House.
Reports had it that Gandhi has called leaders from across the country to Delhi to draw up a strategy to "revive" the party and stop the BJP's "upsurge" under Narendra Modi.
On Thursday, he chaired a meeting of party leaders, including Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi, Ghulam Nabi Azad, Ambika Soni, Jaipal Reddy, Jairam Ramesh, Sachin Pilot and Meenakshi Natarajan , Mani Shankar Aiyer and Ashok Tanwar.
Party chief Sonia Gandhi is not participating in the "first of its kind" meeting -- a signal that Rahul may play a more pro-active role in the party in the coming months.
An organisational revamp is long overdue in the party. The process of party polls has also been set in motion with Gandhi asking party leaders to utilise the exercise as an opportunity to revive and revitalise the organisation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congress accuses Modi of not showing  proper respect  to Indira GandhiCongress accuses Narendra Modi of not showing 'proper respect' to Indira Gandhi
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 06.59PM IST
Tags:
Congress
("Indira was not only the…)
KOLKATA: The West Bengal Pradesh Congress today accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of "not showing proper respect" to Indira Gandhi by skipping the event commemorating the death anniversary of the former Prime Minister at the Shakti Sthal memorial.
"Indira Gandhi was not only the PM of the country, she was the symbol of fight against injustices all over the world. She lived and died for the nation and it was unwise and not desireable on the part of the present PM to skip the event and not showing proper respect to her," Congress MP and senior WBPCC leader Pradip Bhattacherjee told PTI.
"Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel and Indira Gandhi were both products of the Congress. So giving less importance to one of these two glorious leaders of the country was not expected," he said as Modi flagged off the "Run for Unity" on Sardar Patel's birth anniversary.
Bhattacherjee said Congress leaders including himself, party MP Abhijit Mukherjee, son of President Pranab Mukherjee and a senior Congress leader Manas Bhunia, MLA offered floral tributes to the former PM at a programme near Indira Gandhi's statue near Birla Planetarium in the city.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt mulls gold mining proposal to curb trade deficitConference Call
(The government is considering…)
NEW DELHI: The government is considering a proposal to allow a private company to commercially extract gold from Ganajur gold mines in Karnataka, one of the largest known gold deposits in the country, as it looks at ways and means to step up production and curb the galloping trade deficit.
The commerce ministry has pushed for fast-tracking the project, being developed by the BSE-listed Deccan Gold Mines Ltd , and the mines ministry is taking a fresh look at the mining lease application. "The mines ministry has informed the cabinet secretariat that it is taking a fresh view on the mining lease for Ganajur," said a senior government official aware of the development.
"The ministry will firm up its stance on the issue by mid-November," the official added. The mining lease application is pending since 2010.
India's largest gold mine at Kolar that had yielded gold since the Indus Valley civilization era was shut down 13 years ago and plans hatched under the UPA to revive it have come to naught. The Karnataka government had granted a prospecting licence for the Ganjur project, that includes a 2,000 tonnes per day gold ore processing plant, in 2009, and recommended the mining lease to the Centre a year later.
The mines ministry sought several clarifications from the state and the developer, but had held back mining lease. No new gold mining capacity has come up in the country in the intervening period, with production from the three existing mines at Hutti, Uti and Hirabuddini, hovering around 2.8 tonnes a year. Commercial extraction of gold at the mine could start by the end of 2016 if mining nod comes through soon. About 308,000 ounces or alittle less than nine tonnes of gold is expected to be tapped at Ganajur's first mine, from around 1.5 million tonnes of gold ore. Deccan Gold Mines managing director Sandeep Lakhwara told investors recently that the Ganajur project could be expedited in the greater public interest by the NDA government."...Minister of State and Commerce Nirmala Sitharaman has talked about eight projects that would be followed up in the greater public interest and I am happy to say that Ganajur fits into one of those... that have been notified for fast tracking by the lady minister . So it should therefore certainly receive better attention than it has been receiving earlier," Lakhwara said in a conference call on September 25.
The firm said it expects the mines ministry to process its application soon, following which it will apply for environmental clearances and hopes to begin commercial production by end of 2016. Indians' insatiable appetite for the yellow metal pushed up the country's trade deficit to an 18-month high of $14.2b last month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Higher tax refunds putting pressure on fiscal deficit: Arun JaitleyArun Jaitley
(As per the official data,…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said increased tax refunds in the current financial year is leading to higher fiscal deficit, which neared 83 per cent of full year target in the April-September period.
"Higher tax refunds are getting reflected in fiscal deficit number. This year there were pending tax refunds estimated around Rs 1.20 lakh crore," he told reporters here.
As per the official data, fiscal deficit has touched 82.6 per cent of budget estimates for 2014-15 to cross Rs 4.38 lakh crore at the end of September.
For entire 2014-15, fiscal deficit - gap between government expenditure and revenue - has been pegged at Rs 5.31 lakh crore or 4.1 per cent of GDP.
"It would be challenging to achieve indirect tax aim. Direct tax target would be achievable. We would strive to achieve fiscal deficit aim for this fiscal," Jaitley said.
Net tax receipts in the first half of the fiscal stood at Rs 3.23 lakh crore, or 33.1 per cent of Budget Estimates.
During April-October 20 period, the tax department has made refunds to the tune of Rs 80,850 crore.
The government aims to collect Rs 7.36 lakh crore from direct taxes in current fiscal, up from over Rs 6.36 lakh crore collected last year.
As regards indirect tax, the target is to collect over Rs 6.24 lakh crore, up 20.28 per cent over the collection in 2013-14.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fiscal deficit nears 83 per cent of Budget Estimates in end SeptemberYou are here: Home > Collections
Fiscal deficit nears 83 per cent of Budget Estimates in end September
ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 03.27PM IST
Tags:
Budget estimates
(Net tax receipts were at Rs 3.23 lakh crore in…)
NEW DELHI: Just halfway through the financial year, the government ran up fiscal deficit to the extent of about 83% of its budget estimate for 2014-15 on account of sluggish tax revenues and high tax refunds. But it said it is confident of meeting the target of 4.1% of GDP, as the Rs 8,000 crore cut in total borrowing for the year indicates.
"Fiscal deficit showing upward trend due to higher tax refunds. Very confident of achieving fiscal deficit target of 4.1%," finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday, when data released by the Controller General of Accounts showed that fiscal deficit in April-September stood at Rs 4.38 lakh crore or 82.6% of Rs 5.31 lakh crore budgeted for this fiscal. This is worse than the situation at the same time last year when the fiscal deficit was at 76% of the budget estimate for the full year and the then UPA government was forced into massive spending cuts to stay within the target.
In the first half of the fiscal, the higher deficit was only on account of lower tax collection as expenditure was in line with budget estimates . The government managed to raise only 33.5% of the budgeted Rs 12.6 lakh crore tax and non-tax receipts. The envisaged disinvestment programme has not even started yet this fiscal. "Higher tax refunds are getting reflected in fiscal deficit number. This year there were pending tax refunds estimated at around Rs 1.20 lakh crore," the finance minister said.
Total expenditure in the period under review stood at Rs 8.62 lakh crore or 48% of the budget estimate of Rs 17.948 lakh crore. Plan spending was at over Rs 2.46 lakh crore. Under non-plan head , it was Rs 6.15 lakh crore. Typically, fiscal deficit in the initial few months tends to be higher as receipts start picking up only from the second half onwards.
The government also has a cushion of lower fuel subsidy this year and lower spending on food subsidy because the food security law is not likely to be rolled out by many states this year. The government has set aside Rs 1.15 lakh crore for food subsidy this year.
The government has also tightened the flagship rural jobs programme MGNREGA, implying lower spending on the scheme. Besides, it expects disinvestment to pick up in the second half as preparations are underway for some big-ticket offers. The government is not taking any chances, though, as indicated by the finance ministry's decision on Thursday to unveil belttightening measures that include a 10% mandatory cut in non-plan spends. Analysts agree that the first half notwithstanding, the government will stay within the budgeted fiscal deficit target for the full year.
"Even though the fiscal deficit reached nearly 83% of the budgeted amount in H1FY15, a sharp slippage relative to the target of 4.1% of GDP is unlikely in 2014-15," said Aditi Nair, senior economist at ICRA.
Nayar said the recently announced fiscal prudence measures, savings related to the budgetary allocation for food subsidy and fuel subsidies would ease the pressure on non-plan revenue expenditure in second half of 2014-15.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty may touch 8500-8550 levels in 2-3 weeks: Sandeep WagleBSE sensex
(ITC is not a stock which should…)
In a chat with ET Now, Sandeep Wagle , Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth, shares his views on the market and gives his trading ideas. Excerpts:
ET Now: We have 8300 levels on the Nifty. Do you think we can make a dash towards 8400-8450 levels?
Sandeep Wagle: It may not happen. We may see some consolidation on the downside. 8200 will act as a very strong support. The Nifty may not break that level and it will give you an opportunity to buy. Over the next two to three weeks, it will go to somewhere around 8500-8550 levels. So if you get a chance to buy near 8200 levels, that will be an opportunity as a trader.
ET Now: Do you see any dip coming in GAIL where investors can buy the stock?
Sandeep Wagle: A move towards 500 is quite likely. It has closed at 525-530. I do not see the stock go below that. I would be tempted to buy it nearer 500. On the upside if you take a long-term view, the stock can go beyond 650 or maybe even 700. So if we take a 6 to 12-months' view, the stock can go up to somewhere around 720 or so.
ET Now: What is your quick view on Bharti and ITC?
Sandeep Wagle: ITC is not a stock which should be bought in a bull run. I do not see ITC cracking down in a big way from the current levels. 345-340 is a very strong support level. So if you have a long-term view of 6 to 12 months, one can even buy that and once above 380, ITC in the long term will go up to 450 or so. Bharti is looking a little corrective. I would rather not take the call on Bharti at this point in time. So avoid it at this point of time.
ET Now: SRF Ltd saw a bit of a dip in Friday's session. Would you be tempted to buy the dip or would you wait for further lower levels?
Sandeep Wagle: I would be tempted to buy the dip, but at 850, maybe at 800 to 780 would be my right level to buy it. I do not see the stock go below 750 and on the upside, it will go somewhere around 930-940. So a very clear 10% to 12% trading upside is what I would play for.
ET Now: Your top trading ideas for the week ahead?
Sandeep Wagle: A buy in IDFC , with a stop loss of 149, target of 170 and a buy in Apollo Hospital, with a stop loss of 1085, target of 1178.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Surprise Japanese stimulus lifts Sensex  NiftyYou are here: Home > Collections > Stimulus
Surprise Japanese stimulus lifts Sensex and Nifty to record levels
ET Bureau Nov 1, 2014, 10.20AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(India’s key indices jumped…)
MUMBAI: Just as emerging market investors were wondering whether the end of the US Federal Reserve's bond-buying programme would mean pulling the plug, the Bank of Japan sprang forth unexpectedly to ensure the party won't stop by sharply expanding its stimulus.
India's key indices jumped to new records on Friday, tracking a global rally, on hopes that some of the Japanese central bank's largesse will find its way into emerging markets. Global ratings agency Moody's comment that it may consider aratings upgrade on India also boosted sentiment. The rupee strengthened to its biggest monthly gain since May. Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) stepped up purchases of Indian stocks, pumping in about Rs 1,750 crore on Friday. These investors have bought shares worth Rs 5,500 crore in the past eight days after net sales close to Rs 7,200 crore in a month.
"The announcement of the additional stimulus package from the Japanese central bank is a positive news development for India," said Gautam Chhaochharia, managing director and head of research , UBS . The BSE Sensex rose 1.90% to 27,865 points while the NSE Nifty was up 1.87% at 8,322, but off the day's high of 8,330.75.
Shares of capital goods, power and construction companies, which have been out of favour lately, led the rally on Friday. The Bank of Japan on Thursday decided to accelerate purchases of government bonds to 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually, up by 30 trillion yen.
Investors are hoping that this stimulus will be an alternative to the Fed's bond-buying programme though analysts are not sure how much of it will actually end up helping emerging markets, including India. "It's still early days to assess what kind of inflows will come into India," Chhaochharia said.
Nonetheless, investor sentiment in India remains upbeat because of the Narendra Modi government's market-friendly initiatives. With inflation softening and fuel prices declining, the chorus in the market for an interest rate cut is growing though there is no indication that the Reserve Bank of India will be in any mood to oblige at its next monetary policy announcement on December 2.
"We continue to remain bullish on Indian markets, especially in the midcap space," said Shankar Sharma , vicechairman and joint managing director of First Global Group .
"The government may have announced a slew of economic reforms but delivery on the ground is yet to happen. RBI is unlikely to cut rates as markets are expecting," he said.
He expects technology, pharmaceutical and auto stocks to lead the current market rally while recovery in infrastructure and power sectors is still some time away.
The rupee had its biggest monthly gain in October since May on optimism that a drop in oil prices will further ease inflation and create room for the central bank to cut interest rates. The rupee gained 0.6% this month to close at 61.36 per dollar. Brent crude, meanwhile, has dropped 24% since June this year to $86 a barrel.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BoJ s easing of monetary policy is a big surpriseBank of Japan
('The immediate responses…)
In a chat with ET Now, Glenn Maguire of ANZ sahres his views on the BoJ's move to expand QE. Excerpts:
ET Now: There is a big surprise for the markets in terms of what the Bank of Japan has clearly announced, and it seems like the mantle for monetary easing has been taken up by Japan now after the US has folded up its programme.
Glenn Maguire: Yes, it is a very big surprise. What we have seen from the Bank of Japan is the first central bank response to growing disinflation risk within the global economy. Commodity prices have fallen significantly from June to July, the oil price in particular, and the Bank of Japan has a clear mandate to generate inflation, a clear inflation target and the risks have steadily been growing, that it is going to fall short of that inflation target.
The Bank of Japan has responded within aggressive surprise easing and it is important to note that easing just got over the board, the number of members who voted for that on the monetary policy committee was five to four. So BoJ Governor Kuroda has clearly made the decisive decision behind today surprise easing.
ET Now: So what kind of an impact would you see on Yen going forward? Are we seeing it slide after that surprise move by Bank of Japan?
Glenn Maguire: This is what the policy is probably designed to do, if international commodity prices - which are sold in global auction markets denominated in US dollars - are falling. How you offset that is weakening the Yen. So that is one of the clear policy directives to weaken the Yen. The unconventional aspect of the policy or the most unconventional aspect of the direct purchase of exchange traded funds, the direct purchase of real estate investment trust is clearly supporting the equity markets as well.
It is a multipronged policy that is aimed at mitigating deflation risk while also creating positive asset price inflation in other asset markets. So the immediate responses are suggesting that the BoJ has hit the nail right on the head with this policy announcement today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India is likely to be a big beneficiary of Japanese stimulus  say expertsYou are here: Home > Collections > India
India is likely to be a big beneficiary of Japanese stimulus, say experts
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 1, 2014, 02.30PM IST
Tags:
bonds
(According to experts, the…)
NEW DELHI: Strong global cues from the US and a surprise policy move by the Japanese government fuelled an over 500-point rally on the BSE Sensex on Friday, which pushed the benchmark index to yet another lifetime high.
At a time when investors were speculating that the era of easy money has gone after the US Federal Reserve ended its bond buying programme earlier this week, the Bank of Japan Bank came for the rescue by sharply expanding its stimulus programme.
The Bank of Japan on Thursday decided to accelerate the purchase of government bonds to 80 trillion yen ($725 billion) annually, up by 30 trillion yen.
The S&P BSE Sensex rallied as much as 548 points in trade to touch its fresh record highs of 27,894.32. Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also rallied as much as 161 points in trade to touch its fresh record high of 8,330.75.
But why the Indian markets are so enthused about a stimulus package announced in Japan?
According to experts, the announcement of the additional stimulus package from the Japanese central bank is a positive news development for India, and with macros situation well balanced, India stands out compared to other emerging market economies.
"India stands to be a beneficiary from the potential QE in Europe and Japan. If a QE happens in these regions, the government will reduce the supply of bonds in the capital markets, bond prices are bound to escalate and investors are likely to sell off relevant debt instruments," says Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
Given excess liquidity now at their disposal, getting back into the already inflated bond market does not make sense. The next sensible allocation from their investible savings should be equities, say experts.
Within the emerging markets, India appears to have the strongest potential on the back of solid fundamentals, enough potential for a re-rating in valuations and a stable-yet-dynamic government at the helm, explains Gupta.
Earlier this week, global ratings agency Moody's said that it may consider a ratings upgrade on India if inflation stays under control in the long term and the recent measures to boost growth and attract investments are implemented properly.
Growth seems to have bottomed out, crude is falling, inflation is stabalising, the economy is showing signs of recovery and corporate earnings are expected to grow considerably in the next couple of quarters, which may attract more foreign capital into India.
Apart from Japan, investors are also betting that the European Central Bank (ECB) will now announce its stimulus program to revive growth in Euro-zone. Experts feel that some of this excess liquidity will be coming to India compared to other emerging market economies.
"Japan has already done quantitative easing and Europe is also expected to do it," says Dinesh Thakkar - CMD, Angel Broking.
"We believe that India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue owing to India's strongest prospects structurally, especially with Modi as leader, to attract higher share of global portfolio flows," he adds.
  FII equity inflows may top $24 bn by FY15
Foreign investors or FIIs have been the backbone of this massive rally that we have seen on the BSE Sensex. The index has rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014.
FIIs have already pumped in $14bn into domestic equity capital markets year-to-date and Gupta of CapitalVia Global Research Limited feels that this number can go up to as high as $24bn for FY15, if they (FIIs) continue to invest at the same rate.
And that should be a fair indicator of the base foreign inflow (excluding favourable stimuli like global QEs) given that the major US QE3 is on the wane.
He is of the view that any additional stimulus package may fuel an additional $10bn of foreign inflow each, driven by excess liquidity from Japan and Europe, making the total FII equities inflow next fiscal amount to $40-50bn.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Falcao out  Rooney returns for Manchester derbyFalcao ruled out of Manchester derby, Wayne Rooney returns for Manchester United
By Vivek Krishnan | Sportskeeda –  Sat 1 Nov, 2014
View Photo
Van Gaal also spoke about never having experienced a proper derby before.
Manager Louis van Gaal has confirmed that Wayne Rooney will start in the Manchester derby on Sunday after having served his three-game suspension, dispelling rumours earlier this week that he was injured.
Falcao, however, will once again be out after injuring himself in training a couple of weeks ago, as a result of which he also missed the 1-1 draw against Chelsea. 
Meanshile, winger Antonio Valencia also returns after recovering from his hamstring injury.
Louis van Gaal confirms Wayne Rooney is fit for the derby but Falcao misses out through injury. Antonio Valencia could also feature. #mufc
— Manchester United (@ManUtd) October 31, 2014
The speculation about Rooney being injured started because of him being seen walking gingerly at a sponsor’s event at Old Trafford on Monday. Van Gaal, though, insisted that such reports were well wide off the mark.
“The media was writing that  but he was never injured,”  he said .
“Maybe his shoes were too tight, that is possible. But he was never injured and he shall play. He is my captain.
“He has scored a lot of goals against City, the most of any player, so I am very happy that he can play, and he shall."
I have not experienced many derbies: Van Gaal
Van Gaal said that he was looking forward to the experience of managing in the Manchester derby, having experienced very few derbies during his time in Netherlands, Spain and Germany.
“It is difficult, because in Spain we had only a derby against Espanyol,” he added.
“In the Netherlands, we had hardly a derby, or you had to call Ajax and Feyenoord one.
“In Munich, we didn't have a derby because 1860 Munich weren't a first division club, so I think this is the biggest derby that I shall manage,” he said.
“It's one of 38 matches, but for the fans it is unbelievably big as a rivalry.”     
Originally published on Sportskeeda.com here

Prosperity plus safetyTweet
The fund has invested about 60 per cent of its total assets in large-cap, growth stocks
The economic indicators are improving and stock prices have run up with them. But here’s a fund, which can help you identify high-growth companies even in this scenario and shield you from volatility.
Franklin India High Growth Companies Fund seeks to invest in good quality companies which have potential to grow faster than the economy and yet remain sturdy during corrective phases. The fund’s flexibility to switch allocation across market cap curves can also shield your portfolio during such turbulent times.
The fund has invested about 60 per cent of its total assets in large-cap stocks; this can help it tackle market falls better than its benchmark — CNX 500 Index. Investors with a high risk appetite and a three- to five-year horizon can invest a portion of their surplus in this fund.
Steady outperformance
Despite its large-cap skew, the fund has outperformed its benchmark CNX 500 Index by a significant margin across one-, three- and five-year time frames. Franklin India High Growth Companies Fund scores high on consistency too.
Over the last five years, the fund has been successful in outpacing its benchmark returns almost 80 per cent of the time.
The fund not only outperformed the CNX 500 Index during rally phases but also managed to contain downsides during market falls. For instance, between January and August 2013, the fund’s NAV declined 14 per cent, lower than the 16 per cent fall for the CNX 500 Index.
Its strategy to take refuge in defensive themes such as IT and pharma helped it fare better than its benchmark. The fund managers’ decision to raise cash levels during such volatile phases also aided performance.
A systematic monthly investment in Franklin India High Growth Companies Fund over the last five years would have yielded annual returns of almost 26 per cent.
The fund has increased its holding in stocks in the cyclical sectors such as financials, industrial products and capital goods in the last six months. Even as it pruned exposure to IT and pharma, it has been a buyer in FMCG stocks since April this year. Also, the fund’s cash holding, as of September, was at 6.2 per cent of total assets, higher than the 3 per cent level at the end of May 2014.
The fund held 39 stocks in its portfolio as of September, making it rather compact. ICICI Bank (5.6 per cent) and Axis Bank (5.2 per cent) were the top holdings.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Coromandel International Q2 net up 12.4% at Rs 179.89 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Coromandel International Q2 net up 12.4% at Rs 179.89 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 1:  
Fertiliser manufacturer Coromandel International today reported a 12.4 per cent growth in its consolidated net profit at Rs 179.89 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The firm had posted a net profit of Rs 160.08 crore for the year-ago period, it said in a BSE filing.
Consolidated net sales rose by 7.9 per cent to Rs 3,455.16 crore in the July—September quarter this fiscal from Rs 3,201.44 crore is the same quarter of 2013—14 fiscal.
Coromandel is in the business of fertilisers, speciality nutrients, crop protection and retail. The company manufactures a wide range of fertilisers and markets around 3.2 million tonnes.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Six cases filed against granite firms in Madurai: CollectorSix cases filed against granite firms in Madurai: Collector
PTI
Tweet
Madurai, Nov 1:  
Amid demands from opposition parties for allowing IAS officer U Sagayam, appointed by Madras High Court to probe illegal granite quarrying, to take up the probe, district administration today said six cases had been filed against eight persons in respect of granite blocks stored without proper permission.
Cases had been filed against P Palanisamy, P Selvi, Sureshkumar and five others belonging to PRP Granites, a leading export firm here. The stones had been stocked without proper permission in patta lands in Tirumogur village, District Collector L Subramanian said in a release here today.
Besides, 14 cases had been filed against P K Selvaraj, Rams Exports, Sri Meenakshi exports, and P R P Exports for stacking stones in Thirvathavur, Keezhaiyur and other villages. The cases are pending in magistrate courts.
He said the probe by Sagayam would begin once the government gave the clearance.
Incidentally, Sagayam as the then Madurai District Collector had submitted a report over the alleged irregularities in granite mining and put the estimated loss to the ex-chequer at over Rs 16,000 crore.
The High Court on September 11 appointed Sagayam to probe the multi-crore illegal granite quarrying, but the state government filed a review petition contesting the order.
The High Court, however, imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 on the state government for not relieving Sagayam to probe the mining scam.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

LIC sells Rs 7 700 cr shares in 14 Sensex cos  ups stake in 10LIC sells Rs 7,700 cr shares in 14 Sensex cos, ups stake in 10
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 2:  
State-owned life insurer LIC lowered its exposure in 14 blue-chip firms during the July-September quarter with sale of shares that are currently worth about Rs 7,700 crore.
At the same time, the insurer increased its stake in 10 Sensex firms by purchasing shares to the tune of over Rs 5,000 crore, as per the shareholding pattern of 30-bluechip companies on the BSE.
In five companies — Wipro, GAIL, BHEL, HeroMoto Corp and Dr Reddy’s Laboratories — LIC’s stake remained unchanged during the quarter. It has not held any stake in Hindustan Unilever in the past few quarters.
LIC holds 16.97 per cent stake in Larsen & Toubro, the highest level among its holdings in Sensex firms.
At current share prices, LIC offloaded shares worth Rs 7,700 crore in 14 Sensex constituents. At the same time, the insurance giant picked up scrips valued Rs 5,000 crore in 10 blue-chip companies.
Market analysts attributed the cut in exposure to profit booking.
The trimming of gains by the Life Insurance Corporation of India coincided with a surge of around five per cent in BSE’s benchmark index Sensex during July—September quarter.
LIC decreased its stake in Tata Group firms—Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Tata Motors, Tata Steel and Tata Power and banking giants—State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, and Hindalco among others.
On other hand, the biggest institutional investor in the stock market shored up its holding in firms including Reliance Industries, Infosys and Bajaj Auto.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Syria escalates barrel bomb attacks as world attention shifts to combatISISPrint
A firefight between militants in Syria and Jordanian border guards killed one gunman and wounded two.
By: Press Trust of India | Beirut | Posted: November 2, 2014 11:01 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 11:35 am
With global attention focused on the fight against jihadists, Syria’s regime has in recent weeks stepped up its use of deadly barrel bomb strikes, killing civilians and wreaking devastation. In less than a fortnight, warplanes have dropped at least 401 barrel bombs on rebel areas in eight provinces, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group.
Activist Yassin Abu Raed, from the town of Anadan in northern Aleppo province, has seen his house hit three times in barrel bomb attacks. The latest strike destroyed it completely. “Death is all around us, and nobody cares,” he told AFP via the Internet. “Barrel bombs kill those we love most, they destroy houses, dreams and memories, and leave us without any hope that the killing will ever stop.”
Syrian President Bashar Assad is taking advantage of the US-led coalition’s war against the Islamic State group.
“All this, and no one has even heard of us, no one feels for us.” The Observatory, which documents casualties and strikes, relying on a broad network of activists and doctors across the war-torn country, said at least 232 civilians have been killed in regime air strikes, including barrel bomb attacks, since October 20.
Observatory director Rami Abdel Rahman said the number of barrel bomb attacks is now “much higher” than a fortnight ago. The regime began using barrel bombs in late 2012, but stepped up its attacks this year, with a wave of raids in February alone killing hundreds of people.
Barrel bombs are typically constructed from large oil drums, gas cylinders or water tanks filled with high explosives and scrap metal. On Wednesday, helicopters dropped four barrel bombs on a camp for displaced people in the northwestern province of Idlib, killing at least 10 people and wounding dozens, according to the Observatory.
Activists posted horrific video footage on YouTube, showing bodies torn apart and people wailing as they tried to rescue survivors. The United States denounced the attack as “barbaric”. Ismail al-Hassan, a volunteer nurse at a field hospital in Idlib province, told AFP via the Internet that health workers face immense difficulties treating the wounded after a barrel bomb blast.
“Most of the casualties from barrel bomb strikes are women and children,” said Hassan, adding that medical staff suffer from severe equipment shortages, making it hard to treat casualties properly. Hassan also said he and his colleagues suffer deep psychological scars from treating victims.

Former UP minister s son shot at in Greater NoidaFormer UP minister s son shot at in Greater Noida
RBI asks rural banks to partially freeze KYC non-compliant a/csRBI asks rural banks to partially freeze KYC non-compliant a/cs
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 2:  
The RBI has directed regional rural and central cooperative banks to partially freeze bank accounts of those customers who have not complied with the Know Your Customer norms.
Similar instructions were issued to commercial banks by RBI last month.
“Banks may impose partial freezing by allowing all credits and disallowing all debits with the freedom to close the accounts.
“If the accounts are still KYC non-compliant after six months of imposing initial partial freezing, banks may disallow all debits and credits from/to the accounts, rendering them inoperative,” the RBI said in a directive to the banks.
RBI said banks will be free to take decision on closing of accounts of such customers.
While imposing ‘partial freezing’, the RBI said banks are advised to ensure that the option is exercised after giving due notice of three months initially to the customers and followed by a reminder for further period of three months.
Meanwhile, the account holders can revive accounts by submitting the KYC documents as per instructions in force.
The RBI notification also said banks need not seek fresh proofs of identity and address at the time of periodic updation, from those customers who are categorised as ‘low risk’, in case of no change in status with respect to their identities and addresses.
“A self-certification by the customer to that effect should suffice in such cases,” it said, adding that in case of change of address of such ‘low risk’ customers, they could merely forward a certified copy of the document by mail/post.
Further, the RBI also asked them not to insist on physical presence of such low risk customer at the time of periodic updation, the RBI said.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Robert Vadra attacks reporter when asked about land dealsRobert Vadra attacks reporter when asked about land deals
Maruti focuses on mileage to strengthen lead...Maruti focuses on enhancing mileage to strengthen leadership
By PTI | 2 Nov, 2014, 11.50AM IST
Tweet
The company, which last week introduced the refreshed version of its popular hatchback Swift with 10 per cent enhanced fuel efficiency.
NEW DELHI: Known for its fuel efficient vehicles, car market leader Maruti Suzuki India is pushing it further to enhance mileage of its refreshed models as well as future product offerings to stay ahead of competition.
The company, which last week introduced the refreshed version of its popular hatchback Swift with 10 per cent enhanced fuel efficiency, will launch the new Alto K10 on Monday that will be 15 per cent more fuel efficient than the existing variant.
"Fuel efficiency is always on the top of our mind. For any model upgrade, we always try to improve it," Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) Executive Director, Engineering, C V Raman told PTI.
He said engineers at MSI and parent Suzuki Motor Corporation have been working in tandem to enhance the fuel efficiency of models like Swift and AltoK10.
"Various steps like increasing thermal efficiency, reduction of frictional loss and usage of low viscosity engine oil have been taken up to improve mileage," Raman said, adding the fuel efficiency had been achieved by working on engines alone and not through aerodynamics.
When asked if refreshed versions of other models and future models that would use the current series of engines could also undergo similar change, he said: "This is a moving target that we have to meet customer demands to achieve top of the mileage."
According to the company, the new Swift diesel comes with a certified fuel efficiency of 25.2 kmpl, up by 10 per cent from the outgoing model while the fuel efficiency of the petrol variants has been improved by 9.67 per cent to 20.4 kmpl.
Similarly, in the new AltoK10, the company said it would have 15 per cent better fuel efficiency which is equipped with lighter engine and drive-by-wire technology enabling precise throttle control.
Competitors like Hyundai and Honda have been giving Maruti competition in the compact hatchback and sedan segments with high fuel economy.
With the launch of Ciaz earlier this month, Maruti claimed the top spot for highest mileage in the mid-sized sedan segment with its diesel variant delivering a fuel economy of 26.21 kmpl against City's average of 26 kmpl.

Telcos asked to collect  Aadhaar  no. for is...DoT asks telecom companies to collect 'Aadhaar' number for issuing new SIMs
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 12.03PM IST
Tags:
'Aadhaar'
(The DoT is working on…)
NEW DELHI: Department of Telecom (DoT) has asked all mobile operators to collect 'Aadhaar' number along with customer application form for issuing new connections and store the unique identification number in their database.
The DoT has also asked the operators to amend their database in two months for adding the 'Aadhaar' number.
"It has been decided to collect Aadhaar number along with customer application form (CAF) of mobile telephone applications and store the same in the database along with other data," DoT sources said.
Sources added that the directive will be applicable in all cases irrespective of the fact that mobile connection is issued by taking 'Aadhaar' card or any other document as proof of identity and proof of address.
The government is also working with all stakeholders in resolving the issue regarding use of 'Aadhaar' card as a proof of address for procuring new SIM cards in its proposed online verification system.
"The issue regarding use of Aadhaar card as proof of address for procuring new SIM cards in its proposed online verification will be in place in next two months," Department of Electronics and IT (DeitY) Secretary R S Sharma said last week.
The Home Ministry had raised multiple concerns over using UIDAI number as an address proof in the DoT's proposed online verification system, citing possible issues in the supporting Aadhaar data.
The Home Ministry had raised concerns over supporting documents submitted by people as proof of identity and proof of address for getting a 'Aadhaar' number, sources had said.
The DoT is working on a concept to use 'Aadhaar' number for online verification of people seeking mobile connections along with existing process of customer verification.
'Aadhaar' card can be also issued to foreign nationals staying in the country. This had also been questioned by the Home Ministry fearing nationals of neighbouring country could attempt to use it to procure Indian identity documents for infiltration.
The Home Ministry had said that unlike 'Aadhaar', other acceptable proof of address documents such as passport, driving licence do not have the status of universality and therefore "even higher levels of error in these documents may not translate into comparable volume of security concerns".
The Home Ministry had also raised concern over involvement of foreign vendors by UIDAI for storing data and has suggested audit of data security.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cautious on bidding for govt contracts: Tech...Contracts
(It can be noted that this…)
MUMBAI: Tech Mahindra , the fifth largest IT exporter, is treading cautiously on the domestic turf, especially in hunting for government contracts, as it sees implementation a "grave risk" in this area.
"Tech Mahindra clearly believes there is an opportunity in the country, but there is a grave risk that the government departments entail on the implementation side," company's Managing Director and Chief Executive CP Gurnani told PTI.
Listing his specific concerns, Gurnani said government gives a "short end" to IT companies when it comes to cash flows, as payments do not come as per schedule and even after completion of the work; more over the contracts are "one-sided".
Additionally, with an increasing bulk of business coming in from government, which has announced the 'Digital India' initiative, there is also a concern about leadership changes at the client side because of the frequent transfers of bureaucrats, he said.
Observing that there is a slew of opportunities like smart city initiative with port management and mobile healthcare, where having smart homes is a necessity, Gurnani said that a surge in data revenues being experienced by telecom players also point towards the same.
The company, which reported a handsome jump on a sequential basis in the September quarter net at Rs 720 crore, has been witnessing a de-growth in revenue from its domestic business in the past two quarters, Gurnani said.
It can be noted that this is in contrast to its larger rival TCS' bullishness about the domestic opportunity, following a spike in its revenues.
After releasing its results, the TCS management had said that its domestic revenue has turned around after many quarters of sluggishness and now accounts for 8 per cent of the overall revenue.
On the overall business trajectory, Gurnani said there will be a "substantial increase in capital expenditure, which was Rs 234.5 crore for the September quarter, in the next few quarters as it invests more in upcoming opportunities worldwide."
Among the areas that will see more ploughing of resources will be products, new markets and creating delivery capabilities, he said.
On the margins , which increased to nearly 20 per cent in Q2, Gurnani said there is a more headroom to grow, given the lower utilisation rates in early 70s.
"There is a clear desire to improve the margins, we have the operating levers to do so," he said, but refused to share a targeted level the company is looking at.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will get back every paisa of black money: ModiWill get back every paisa of black money: Modi
Vedanta arm Sterlite Tech to invest Rs 900 cr over next one yrVedanta arm Sterlite Tech to invest Rs 900 cr over next one yr
Court issues bailable warrant against Digvijay Singh in defamation caseThe court said that both parties must be present on the next date of hearing on November 10. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 1:18 pm
Court of  Metropolitan magistrate Gomati Manocha issues bailable warrant against congress leader Digvijay Singh in a defamation case filed by Nitin Gadkari.
The court said that both parties must be present on the next date of hearing on November 10. Notice is to be framed by the court in the defamation suit.

JSW Energy Q2 Profit Rises 96 Per Cent to Rs 318.63 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
JSW Energy Q2 Profit Rises 96 Per Cent to Rs 318.63 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 31, 2014 23:45 (IST)
New Delhi: JSW Energy on Friday reported a 96 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 318.63 crore for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2014-15, mainly due to increased power generation at its plants.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 162.59 crore for the corresponding quarter last year.
Total income during the quarter under review increased to Rs 2,372.28 crore as against Rs 2,079.56 crore registered in the corresponding quarter a year ago.
"During the quarter, the company achieved net generation of 5,236 million units with the average deemed PLF (plant load factor) of 87 per cent. The PLF has improved primarily due to pick up in demand in the quarter," JSW Energy said in a statement.
The merchant (power) sales in Q2 were at 1,947 million units, while the sales under long-term power purchase agreement (PPA) were at 3,289 MUs.
The fuel cost for the quarter was Rs 1,224 crore, 19 per cent higher as compared to a year ago primarily due to increased generation which was partly offset by lower coal prices.
The company said its 240 MW Kuther hydro-electric power project in Himachal Pradesh and the expansion of its Barmer Lignite Mining Company were on track.
JSW Energy has diversified interests in power, mining, industrial gases, port facilities, aluminium, cement and information technology.
It has an operational capacity of 3,140 MW.
Shares in JSW Energy, on Friday, remained unchanged from their previous close at Rs 80.25 on the BSE.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 22:31 (IST)

GAPL to scale up its operations in GoaUpdated: November 1, 2014 20:30 IST
GAPL to scale up its operations in Goa
Prakash Kamat
company information
The Goa Antibiotics and Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (GAPL) has set out on a path of expansion following its acquisition early this year by Central public sector enterprise HLL Lifecare Ltd (HLL).
The erstwhile Goa government pharma unit, on Saturday, opened its first store in the city since its takeover. This was said to be the first in a chain of retail pharmacy outlets branded "GAPL Medicentre" to be set up in hospitals and public places in the State.
HLL Chairman and Managing Director M. Ayyappan said on Saturday that the GAPL is in the process of scaling up its operations by supplying pharmaceutical products across the country.
GAPL has been successfully operating 24X7 pharmacy outlets in major government hospitals in Goa for more than a decade. The uniqueness of GAPL in its present form is being ‘holistic’. It offers a range of medicines across Allopathic, Homeopathic, Ayurvedic, Siddha and Unani medical practices.
Located in the village of Tuem, Pernem in north Goa, GAPL provides employment to around 300 people in the locality. The company is targeting multi-fold growth in the next couple of years.
HLL acquired a 74 per cent equity stake in GAPL from the Government of Goa in March 2014. The Mini Ratna public sector enterprise under the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, has already made its presence felt in the pharma industry by offering a basket of women’s healthcare products. It has a strong distribution network, reaching out to over 30,000 medical professionals and over 3,500 hospitals in the country.
“We are enhancing the pharma manufacturing capabilities of GAPL to cater to the market potential. This is in tune with our
diversification plans across the health segment, including project management consultancy, manufacture of vaccines, establishment of diagnostic centers and generic medicine outlets,” said Mr. Ayyappan.

BJP eyes 10 crore new membersNew Delhi, November 1, 2014
Updated: November 2, 2014 09:45 IST
BJP eyes 10 crore new members
Gargi Parsai
Tweet
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi dials his membership number, as BJP president Amit Shah and party general secretary Ram Lal look on, during the launch of the membership drive at the party headquarters in New Delhi on Saturday. Photo: Shanker Chakravarty
PTI This October 31, 2014 photo shows boats decorated with cutouts of BJP’s election symbol lotus at the Marine Drive in Mumbai. The BJP on Saturday kicked off its membership drive with a target to increase its strength four-fold.
TOPICS
national politics
“Every section of society should feel that their ‘flower’ is represented in this bouquet”
Seeking to capitalise on the people’s support for the party in the Lok Sabha and Assembly elections, the BJP launched an ambitious membership drive on Saturday to enrol 10 crore new members. The party has 3.25 crore members at present.
Launching the drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi used the digital media to register himself as the first member of the party he had “grown up with.” Party president Amit Shah followed, though his attempt to register himself was not without glitches as the toll-free number lines got clogged.
Mr. Modi asked BJP workers to work with the same zeal and energy as they did during the elections. “To be a part of the BJP, when the party is in power, means that every member has to be a representative of the people. The party must reflect the diversity of the country and workers must reach every nook and corner of the country to register at least one BJP member in every village.”
Encouraging people, particularly intellectuals, to participate in politics, he said politics was not tainted.

Chicken tikka masala now conquering French palatesChicken tikka masala now conquering French palates
Prasun Sonwalkar , Hindustan Times  London, November 02, 2014
First Published: 07:18 IST(2/11/2014) | Last Updated: 09:43 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
It may have Indian origins, but ‘chicken tikka masala’ is an outright British invention that has become a ‘national dish’ here, but now there are signs that the deliciously tingling dish is exciting the discerning French palate that is used to traditional food culture.
Representational photo. (Hindustan Times)
‘Chicken tikka masala’, or better known as CTM in Britain, is reputed to have been invented in 1971 by a cook in Glasgow after a customer complained that his chicken dish was dry. The cook simply poured tomato soup into the dish with some spices, the customer loved it, and CTM was born.
Since then, CTM has been endowed with the status of a ‘national dish’ by the former Foreign secretary Robin Cook in 2001, a status happily endorsed by many other leading lights since.
Now reports from Paris say that CTM has emerged as the hottest selling item in retailer Marks & Spencer as it cashes in on the growing French demand for convenience food. It has 10 stores in Paris selling food, and plans to double the number by 2016
Jill Bruce, head of international food with Marks & Spencer, told The Guardian: “Chicken tikka masala is our top selling ready meal in Paris.” The retailer’s Beaugrenelle store near the Eiffel Tower reportedly sells more than 70,000 Indian takeaway meal boxes a year.
Another British dish inspired by Indian sub-continental cuisine that is going places is ‘Birmingham Balti’, which is currently seeking TSG status (traditional speciality guaranteed) from the European Commission, which will give it legal protection against imitation throughout the EU.
Moved by the Birmingham Balti Association (BBA), the application defines ‘Birmingham Balti’ as “a fast cooked curry dish which can be made using chicken, fish, meat or vegetables. The Birmingham Balti is cooked and served in a thin steel wok-shaped bowl called the balti, from which the dish gets its name”.
The history of 'Birmingham Balti' goes back to the 1970s, when people from Mirpur in Pakistan displaced by the Mangla Dam project migrated here, and brought with them their traditional method of cooking: slow cooking meat on the bone (chicken, lamb and beef) or vegetables, usually in an earthenware pot called a ‘haandi’ or cast iron receptacle called a ‘karahi’ over a low heat.
As the cuisine became popular in Birmingham, it was named ‘balti’ because the ‘Brummies’ found it easier to pronounce than ‘karahi’. The earthernware pot gave way to thin pressed steel bowls with two handles, similar to a wok, about 22cm in diameter, which they called a 'balti'.
In its application seeking TSG status, BBA set out five characteristics of ‘Birmingham Balti’, which, it claimed, combined to “differentiate it from other curries whether cooked for both the indigenous UK population or Indian sub-continent palates”.
The five characteristics are:
1. For meat baltis, the meat is cooked off the bone rather than on the bone as in other curries in the traditional ‘one pot’ cooking of the Indian sub-continent;
2. The meal is fast cooked in a balti and cooked at high temperatures over a high flame very quickly.
3. Vegetable oil is used instead of ghee.
4. Dried spices are used, with the exception of the fresh ginger and garlic puree. Pre-prepared generic commercial curry pastes and powders are not used.
5. The meal is served in the thin pressed steel 'wok’, commonly known as the balti, in which it is cooked and traditionally eaten with fingers using naan bread.

Film on Bhopal gas tragedy aims to help audiences learn from historyFilm on Bhopal gas tragedy aims to help audiences ‘learn from history’
Anirudh Bhattacharyya , Hindustan Times  Toronto, November 02, 2014
First Published: 07:27 IST(2/11/2014) | Last Updated: 07:46 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
While his death removes all possibility of the former CEO of Union Carbide Corporation (UCC) being extradited to India, Warren Anderson will make his presence felt in the country this December, though in a cinematic avatar.
The role of one of India’s most wanted men will be played by Hollywood star Martin Sheen in the movie, ‘Bhopal – A Prayer for Rain’, which will be released in India two days after the 30th anniversary of the tragedy. The film will have its exclusive theatrical debut at the Village East Cinema in New York City on November 7, before expanding into other North American cities.
The filmmakers had looked for a major name from Hollywood to essay the character of the UCC CEO so as to raise the profile of the project. According to a release, Sheen, who is also an environmental activist, was “intrigued”.
“I knew about it when it happened,” he said. “It was horrifying. We couldn’t believe the extent of the death and destruction. A friend of mine presented me the script and said, ‘Is there any possibility…?’ and I said ‘Absolutely.’”
Also starring in the film are Indian-American actor and former White House aide Kal Penn and actress Mischa Barton, along with Tannishtha Chatterjee and Rajpal Yadav.
If follows the story of a rickshaw puller who works at the Carbide plant; a tabloid journalist who believes the stench emitted by the factory poses a threat to the city, and an American journalist who confronts Anderson.
The genesis of the project lies in its writer-director Ravi Kumar reading Sanjoy Hazarika’s book, ‘Bhopal — Lessons Of A Gas Tragedy’, in 2005.
In the film’s production notes, the director noted, “The reason for making this film is not to play the blame game, but learn from history so another tragedy can be avoided. Although many excellent documentaries have been made on the subject, there has been not been a major fiction film produced for world audience. We wanted to make an international feature film... for the world audience who do not know about the tragedy.”
The filmmakers pointed out that while it was fiction, it was also based on hard facts that were “all historically correct and in the public domain.” About half the scenes were filmed in Hyderabad, with some shot on location in Bhopal, while filming also took place in Mumbai and Los Angeles. KANO, NIGERIA: Boko Haram has claimed that the 219 schoolgirls it kidnapped more than six months ago have converted to Islam and been “married off ”, shocking their families and confirming their suspicions about a supposed ceasefire and deal for their release.
The Islamist group’s leader, Abubakar Shekau, made the claim in a new video on Friday in which he also denied government assertions of an agreement to end hostilities and peace talks.
The mention of the girls, who were abducted from the remote northeastern town of Chibok on April 14, is the first by Shekau since May 5, when about 100 of the teenagers were shown on camera.
Then, the girls were seen wearing the hijab and reciting verses from the Koran. The militant leader said then that not all had converted.
But he indicated that all of those held had now become Muslims and married, chiming with testimony from former hostages who say forced marriage and conversion is commonplace in Boko Haram camps.
“Don’t you know the over 200 Chibok schoolgirls have converted to Islam? They have now memorised two chapters of the Koran,” he said.
In the latest message, he said while laughing: “We have married them off. They are in their marital homes.”
Nigeria’s government said on October 17 that they had reached a deal to end five years of deadly violence in the country’s far northeast, as well as agreement to release the Chibok girls. But violence has continued unabated.

Maruti focuses on enhancing mileage to strengthen leadershipMaruti focuses on enhancing mileage to strengthen leadership
Google  Apple world s most  in-demand  employers: LinkedInGoogle  Apple world s most  in-demand  employers: LinkedIn
Telangana CM hopes to tie up power supply deal with ChhattisgarhTelangana CM hopes to tie up power supply deal with Chhattisgarh
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 2:  
Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao is all set to visit Chhattisgarh to firm up power supply deal and part-bridge the demand-supply gap in the new State.
Rao will be accompanied by officials of the power sector and his cabinet colleague Etela Rajender.
According to Government sources, Rao is expected to make arrangement for supply of 2,000 mw in the long term and 1,000 mw in the near term.
The Telangana CM has knocked at his Chhattisgarh counter part Raman Singh to procure power from the energy surplus State.
Telangana would also have to build and strengthen the evacuation corridor to procure additional power as the existing corridors have already been booked.
In view of the power shortage staring at the State, Rao has cautioned farmers against cultivation of water intensive crops such as paddy during the forthcoming Rabi crop season as they would need power to evacuate groundwater.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Gold may decline to Rs 24 500 by Dec if rupee stays constantGold may decline to Rs 24 500 by Dec if rupee stays constant
If you have info on black money  share it with SITIf you have info on black money  share it with SIT
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis told to rethink farm power dole  free drugsPrint
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Mumbai | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:43 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 12:58 pm
A day after taking oath, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis chaired a marathon meeting of his cabinet, at which he and his ministerial colleagues received the lowdown on the “poor state of the state’s finances”, and were told that the liberal subsidies of the previous Prithviraj Chavan government were unsustainable.
Senior finance department officials told the chief minister that the Rs 10,000 crore waiver of dues on electricity to farmers allowed by the Chavan government in June, and the Rs 500 crore bill from the decision taken in February to provide free medicines in state hospitals, were “burdening” the exchequer.
The officials told the government that a course correction was imperative to restore the state’s financial health — advice which, if followed, might see pressure on the CM to take hard decisions even before the honeymoon period of his government runs out.
“Rolling back the electricity waiver will upset farmers, and doing away with free medicines will give the opposition ammunition to target the government,” a cabinet minister said.
While former finance minister Ajit Pawar had projected a revenue deficit of Rs 4,103 crore for 2014-15 in June, officials said lavish pre-poll sops had pushed revenue deficit projections beyond the Rs 26,000 crore mark. The state’s debt is now more than Rs 3.15 lakh crore, and officials said Maharashtra stood to lose out on Rs 800 crore of central grants for missing Financial Reform and Budgetary Management (FRBM) norms on revenue surplus.
The finance department has sought a review of subsidies extended to the state transport department (Rs 1,508 crore) towards commuter concessions. A Rs 4,000 crore subsidy has been given for various industrial promotion schemes, which, sources said, was unlikely to be withdrawn.
At the five-hour meeting, the government also sought detailed presentations on law and order, and on challenges in the power and agriculture sectors.
Sources said Fadnavis expressed deep concern over the poor conviction rate in crimes. A panel headed by the Additional Chief Secretary (Home) had recommended a 13-point plan to improve the conviction rate this June, but the proposal was not taken up by the Chavan cabinet.
At Saturday’s meeting, the home department asked that the cabinet note be taken up immediately. From 33 per cent in 1997, the conviction rate has slipped to 13.8 per cent currently.
Separately on Saturday, the chief minister directed Director General of Police Sanjeev Dayal to investigate the gruesome murder of three members of a Dalit family in Ahmednagar district on October 21. Fadnavis also assured a delegation that the government would ensure that the case is tried in a fast-track court. Ministers Pankaja Munde and Dilip Kamble will on Sunday visit Pathardi village where the killings took place.

Indias Ocean Act: Sushma Swaraj travels to Mauritius and MaldivesIn a letter to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, Chief Minister Chandy said nurses have been struggling in Benghazi even without food.
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: November 2, 2014 11:46 am
The External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s travels across the Indian Ocean this week, to Mauritius and Maldives, should help Delhi recognise the urgency of getting its act together in the maritime neighbourhood.
As a rising China reshapes the geopolitics of the Indian Ocean, India’s natural geographic and strategic primacy is no longer assured. As the world’s second largest economy, and soon to be the first, China’s interests in the Indian Ocean are growing. Beijing must, therefore, be expected to secure them purposefully. China’s growing naval power and its vigorous maritime diplomacy are doing precisely that.
No wonder China’s economic and strategic profile is rising among the island states that straddle the sea lines of communication in the Indian Ocean. The strategic location of these island states has always made them critical for military power projection by extra-regional actors.
That the NDA government was conscious of the impact of China’s rise on its neighbourhood was evident in prime minister designate Narendra Modi’s decision to invite all member countries of the South Asian Association of Regional Cooperation to attend the his swearing in ceremony at the end of May.
There was one surprising addition to the guest list—the Prime minister of Mauritius that is not a member of the SAARC forum. The invitation to Navin Ramgoolam underscored Delhi’s strategic imagination of Mauritius as a very special neighbour of India.
If Swaraj put Dhaka and Kathmandu at the top of her travel schedule, Prime Minister Narendra Modi chose Bhutan and Nepal as the first destinations for his bilateral visits abroad. Swaraj’s visit to Port Louis and Male is an integral part of the government’s “neighbours first” foreign policy.
Despite the acute awareness of the Chinese quest for strategic influence in both Maldives and Mauritius, Delhi has dropped the ball on both countries during the UPA years. The big question now is whether the NDA government could put the two relationships back on track.
Modi’s predecessor, Dr. Manmohan Singh had no problem recognising the growing strategic significance of the Indian Ocean. The UPA government activated the moribund regional framework for the Indian Ocean, now known as the IORA, expanded the scope of the biennial ‘Milan’ naval exercises in the Bay of Bengal, and launched new security initiatives like the Indian Ocean Naval Symposium.
Delhi had also begun to intensify its bilateral security cooperation with key countries in the littoral and set up new trilateral forums like the one on maritime domain awareness between India, Sri Lanka and the Maldives.
The problem was that the demand for security cooperation with India far outstripped the UPA government’s capacity to supply it. Worse still the lack of internal coherence within the UPA government meant, Delhi was prone to score self-goals.
As the finance ministry adopted a confrontational approach towards Mauritius on tax related issues, Delhi could not organise a more balanced and productive approach that took into account to India’s multiple security interests there and resolved issues through a quiet negotiation.
In the internal political struggles that unfolded in Maldives in recent years, India’s has erred backing the wrong political horses. Male today feels emboldened to throw out Indian companies and play the China card against Delhi.
For nearly a decade now, China has been knocking on the doors of the Indian Ocean island states seeking greater strategic cooperation. President Hu Jintao concluded his two trips to Africa in 2007 and 2009 with visits to Seychelles and Mauritius respectively. His successor Xi Jinping in September stopped over in Male and Colombo. Besides laying the foundation for a deeper economic cooperation, Xi announced China’s plans for stronger defence ties with both countries.
For too long, Delhi has taken for granted its centrality in the Indian Ocean littoral and its long-standing strategic relationships with island states like Seychelles, Mauritius, Maldives and Sri Lanka. It is now up to the Modi government to develop a vigorous strategy that responds to India’s new maritime imperatives in the Indian Ocean.
(The writer is a distinguished fellow at the Observer Research Foundation, Delhi and a contributing editor for The Indian Express)

Niche e-tailers benefit from buzz around Flipkart and AmazonAmazon
(What did people buy online…)
October was a good month for Flipkart, despite the controversy surrounding its Big Billion Day sale. The e-commerce company clocked over 8 million shipments last month; 3 million more than its usual 5 million shipments a month. Also, it added 2 million registered users in October, taking the total number to 28 million. Average visits to the portal shot up to 10 million from 6 million in September.
Now, here's a quick guessing game. What did people buy online during this festive season? Clothes? Electronics goods? Mobile phones? If these were your guesses, you are probably right. But that's not all what they purchased. They also bought packets of Kanpur's famous Thaggu ke Laddus, Lonavala chikki and Agra's famous pan pethas and other sweets online, according to Radhika Ghai Aggarwal, co-founder and chief marketing officer of ShopClues.com , an online marketplace on which 75,000 merchants from all over India sell 10.5 million products.
Rooted to Local Needs
"Unlike the big players (like Flipkart and Snapdeal), which are more like malls and focus on big-ticket items like electronic goods, we are more like a typical Indian marketplace," says Aggarwal. So, during Diwali, the portal sold everything from disco Diwali lights to local sweets to gifting items like silver coins embedded with images of Ganesha and Lakshmi . And the bestseller was? "A gold-plated set of playing cards," says Aggarwal.
Overall, ShopClues saw orders peaking to about 1,30,000 per month in September and October from about 75,000 per month during the rest of the year. Some 70% of ShopClues' orders come from Tier II and III cities. As a result, the buying patterns are also different. For instance, one of the topselling cellphone models on the portal is a brand called Josh, a dual-SIM handset that costs Rs 999.
Selling as much local merchandise as possible seems to the mantra for other e-tailers too. Paytm, a two-and-a-half-year-old Noida based start-up, started as a portal offering mobile recharging and facilitating utility bill payments. Soon, the company realized that customers had spare cash lying around in their online wallets, which it calls Paytm Cash. The sums varied between Rs 400 and Rs 700. So, Paytm started selling other stuff: jeans, t-shirts and USBs, among others. "During Diwali, we introduced local sweets, which did pretty well. We also sold lights and some seasonal clothing like ghagra cholis. USB sales also went up," says Pratyush Prasanna, vice-president at Paytm. The portal has 20 million registered users and six lakh orders a day.
Furniture e-tailer Pepperfry launched its first ever television commercial in late September to coincide with the festive season. Pepperfry chief executive Ambareesh Murty says business is up 70% month on month. "In general, during the second half of the year, people tend to buy more of everything from home furnishing to FMCG goods. There is a positive attitude towards consumption," says Murty. "People spend more on their homes — from getting them painted to buying new furniture. In October, our business has gone through the roof," he adds.
A Mixed Bag for Some
For some, the festive season is a mixed bag. Take Mumbai-based grocery e-tailer Local-Banya, for instance. "People tend to travel during this time and take a few days off. As a result, some amount of grocery shopping comes down," says Amit Bhartiya, cofounder of LocalBanya . "At the same time, there is an uptick in gifting-related shopping. The ease of online shopping makes the process of shopping for gifts, especially sweet or chocolate hampers, a lot easier," adds Bhartiya.
Lingerie e-tailer Zivame's sales peak in February, around Valentine's Day. But Diwali brings its own joy. "The category does well all year round but there is a spike around the festive season as people usually tend to buy apparel," says Richa Kar , cofounder and chief executive of Zivame.com , adding that sales are up 40% this season.
Founders of such niche verticals have a special 'thank you' for the big boys of ecommerce. "Thanks to some of the big advertising spends of large e-tailers, consumer awareness and willingness to shop online has increased. It has helped everybody that the likes of Amazon , Flipkart and Snapdeal of the world spend as much as they have in publicity," says a founder of an e-commerce vertical who preferred to be off-record on this one. Over to the next Big Billion Day sale.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Haryana Land Scam: Vadra Loses Cool  Attacks Scribes Over  Touchy  QuestionsHaryana Land Scam: Vadra Loses Cool  Attacks Scribes Over  Touchy  Questions
BSE Derivative turnover spikes to Rs 116 lakh cr for Apr-OctBSE Derivative turnover spikes to Rs 116 lakh cr for Apr-Oct
Finance Commision s term extendedNew Delhi, Nov 2:  
The Centre has extended the term of the 14th Finance Commission by two months to December 31.
The YV Reddy headed commission--which was to originally submit its report by October 31--had sought two months extension.
The extension was being sought to examine financial projections, carry out consultations with the Government of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana in view of the additional term of reference to it.
"The proposal of extension of time period by two monhs for submission of report by the fourteenth finance commission has been considered and approved by the Cabinet", said an official release issued here on Saturday.
The Fourteenth Finance Commission report will cover the five year period April 1, 2015 to March 31, 2020.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Warren Anderson - The man who barely existedYou are here: Home > Collections > Bhopal
Former Union Carbide CEO Warren Anderson - The man who barely existed
New York Times Nov 1, 2014, 04.59AM IST
(Anderson was highly praised…)
By Douglas Martin
His death, which was not announced by his family, was confirmed from public records.
In an interview with The New York Times five months after the tragedy, Anderson spoke of his feelings of loss and helplessness. "You wake up in the morning thinking, can it have occurred?" he said. "And then you know it has and you know it's something you're going to have to struggle with for a long time."
Anderson was highly praised for his courage in going to Bhopal four days after the accident, where he was immediately arrested. But after quickly paying bail, he never returned to face trial.
The Indian government made multiple requests to extradite him, and officially labelled him a fugitive. A judge there called him an "absconder." In 2010, after eight low-level Indian executives of Union Carbide's Bhopal subsidiary were convicted of negligence, a writer for rediff.com visited Anderson's immaculately landscaped home in New York's Hamptons. Reflecting Indian public opinion that he deserved punishment as the ultimate culprit, the writer imagined a future that never happened: "10 to 20 years in a dirty, overcrowded, rat-infested Indian prison."
The Bhopal horror began around midnight on December 2-3, 1984, when a chemical reaction in a plant that made insecticides caused a leak of toxic gases that swept through the surrounding community. The government of Madhya Pradesh confirmed 3,787 deaths as a result. Unofficial estimates exceeded 10,000. More than a half million people were injured, with many dying from illnesses including lung cancer, kidney failure and liver disease. In 1989, Union Carbide paid $470 million to the government to settle litigation stemming from the disaster. But the public, cheered on by politicians and the news media, never stopped urging the prosecution of Anderson, and arrest warrants were periodically issued.
With the support of the US government, he escaped extradition. And he eluded subpoenas in civil cases by living quietly and migrating between his homes in Vero Beach; Greenwich, Connecticut; and Bridgehampton, New York. Government and activists contended that slack management and deferred maintenance caused the disaster. Union Carbide blamed sabotage. The company further pointed out that it owned just 51% of the company, and left oversight to local executives. It denied that it had been mixing dangerous chemicals to save money; it would be less expensive, the company said, to make the pesticide in the US and sell it in India.
Union Carbide insisted that the settlement agreement ended any possibility of prosecuting Anderson. Anderson had devoted his life to climbing the Union Carbide corporate ladder, arriving at work at 7 am and frequently moving from city to city. His major concern before the accident was disappointing financial results: In 1979, when he was president and chief operating officer, the company had predicted its sales would reach $13 billion in 1983. In fact they were around $9 billion, and earnings dropped more than 90%.
After he became chairman and chief executive in 1982, he improved productivity and sales, and acquired several companies, including STP Oil. Ecologists said Union Carbide began shaking off the reputation as a polluter that had long dogged it. Anderson ruled over an empire with 700 plants in more than three dozen countries. Then came Bhopal. For the first time in his life, Anderson couldn't sleep; at one point he holed up for a week at a hotel in Stamford, Connecticut. He and his wife, Lillian, spent evenings reading newspaper articles about the tragedy to each other. When they went to restaurants, he was afraid to be seen laughing because people "might not think it was appropriate," he told The Times.
But he told The Associated Press that he was determined to find something positive in the darkness. Although he acknowledged that "people look at me and think I'm out of my mind to say that this may be a good event," he envisioned the disaster leading to new safety procedures. Anderson was born in New York on November 29, 1921, to Swedish immigrants who lived in the borough's Bay Ridge section. They named him for Warren G Harding, who was the president at the time. He helped his father, a carpenter, install floors, and delivered copies of The Brooklyn Eagle.
He won football and academic scholarships to Colgate, where he majored in chemistry. After graduating in 1942, he enlisted in the Navy and trained to be a fighter pilot, but never saw combat. He played football for a Navy team that had the legendary Bear Bryant as coach. After his discharge, he made the rounds of chemical companies and took the first job offered him - by Union Carbide.

Uttarakhand governor Aziz Qureshi speaks against cow slaughterUttarakhand governor Aziz Qureshi speaks against cow slaughter
ET Bureau Nov 1, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Aziz Qureshi
(The Supreme Court has taken…)
LUCKNOW: Uttarakhand Governor Aziz Qureshi raised a few eyebrows on Friday when he said that those who slaughter cows do not have the right to be called Indians. Qureshi, who had come to Moradabad, a town in west UP, for a function, said, "Those who slaughter cows cannot be called Indians, and will have no right to live in India."
He even went on to appeal to the Muslims to refrain from cow slaughter and treat them as their mother. The ban on cow slaughter figures on the agenda of BJP and RSS, and the governor's speech appears to toe their line.
A Congress leader from Madhya Pradesh, Qureshi had represented Satna constituency as an MP of the party, and was appointed governor of Uttarakahand by the previous Congress-led UPA government in 2012. But after Narendra Modi assumed charge at the Centre in May this year, Qureshi had lavished praise on Modi. While many Congress-appointed governors were forced out of Raj Bhawan in recent times, Qureshi tenaciously held on to his post.
After another Congress-appointed governor BL Joshi was removed as UP Governor in June, Qureshi was given temporary charge of UP Raj Bhawan as well. He profusely thanked Modi for the additional responsibility.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Empty land turned into open barUpdated: November 2, 2014 13:49 IST
Empty land turned into open bar
VIPASHA SINHA
The Hindu As the place is dimly lit, it draws many tipplers. Photo: R. Ravindran
TOPICS
social issues (general)
The winebibbers also occupy adjacent facilities such as the foot-over bridge on Nungambakkam High Road
Nungambakkam High Road is a busy stretch where every inch of space seems to have been taken. Another striking feature is the lack of quiet. Chock-a-block with traffic, the road is noisy. Amidst the mind-wracking chaos, some people have found a new space and quiet to do their own thing. They have found a convenient place to park themselves in and consume alcohol, while the vehicles whiz past. They have ‘taken over’ a small patch of land, close to a TASMAC outlet located next to the foot-over bridge, and turned it into an ‘open bar”.
“The space is usually used as a parking spot for two wheelers. When the outlet gets crowded, people bring the bottles and glasses to this empty space and consume alcohol. The fact that this is dimly lit works out to their advantage,” says S. Parvathy, who uses the stretch to reach her bus stand. As there is no space to walk on the busy road, she is forced to use this patch of land, as are other pedestrians.
Sathish Kumar, a Nungambakkam resident, says, “The Tasmac outlet gets very crowded in the evening and people are seen having alcohol on a bench outside. Anyone who passes the stretch can easily spot them drinking. To make things worse, people use other empty spaces to drink. They not only use the vacant space, but also walk up the foot-over bridge and drink. Since the lift attached to the foot-over bridge is closed after 8 p.m. and the operator leaves, there is no one to stop the miscreants. Women and children use the walk-way and in the absence of a security personnel, we can only imagine the danger they are in. ”In the early hours, the space is strewn with plastic glasses and bottles. When we clean the space in the morning, we find broken bottles and other food items. Anyone walking here can be hurt if they don’t notice the glass pieces,” says a cleaner.
Residents demand a regular surveillance at the area to ensure that alcohol is not consumed out in the open there.

Bihar: 6 drown  7 missing in separate incidents of boat capsizeBy: Press Trust of India | Jamui/begusarai | Posted: November 1, 2014 5:12 pm
Six persons were drowned and seven others went missing on Saturday in two separate incidents of boat capsizing in Bihar.
In the first incident in Jamui district, at least five persons drowned when a country boat capsized in deep waters at Garhi dam, Officer In-Charge of Garhi police station Ram Narain Rai said.
Seven others are still missing and search is on to find them, he said.
Rai said 16 persons were on board the boat in which four swam to safety.
They were going to Garhi village for a religious function from Kauwakol village in neighbouring Nawada district, the OC said.
In an another incident in Begusarai district, one person drowned in Balan river while six others swam to safety, District Magistrate Seema Tripathi said.
Seven persons on board were returning to Mansoorchak village after watching a cultural programme in Bharaul village when the mishap took place, the DM said.

TMC targets media when asked tough questionsRattled TMC now targets media
Recommend
Link
1 month 6 days ago, TIMES NOW
As NIA digs deeper into the terror plot surrounding Burdwan blast, face off between the TMC and BJP is getting fiercer. A completely cornered TMC continues to be in denial, instead lashes out at the media. As BJP mounts pressure against the TMC, will Mamata Banerjee finally answer for the complete lawlessness gripping her state?
More on TIMES NOW:

Maharashtra: Sena asks BJP to finish berth allocation before trust voteComments
A day after Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as Maharashtra's 27th chief minister, the Shiv Sena reportedly asked the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to spell out a concrete proposal on ministerial berth allocation ahead of a trust vote in the state assembly likely in the second week of November.
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis greets PM Narendra Modi after the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Even though uncertainty continues over whether the estranged allies will join hands to form a stable government in the state, the Sena on Saturday sent out indications that the talks will go on in a "positive manner".
"Sena president Uddhav Thackeray had detailed discussion with BJP leaders Amit Shah and Arun Jaitley yesterday (Friday)," party spokesperson Neelam Gorhe said.
"I am sure Sena and BJP representatives (in Maharashtra) will have positive talks," she added.
Discussions between the BJP and the Sena over a possible patch-up have remained topsy-turvy and inconclusive so far. The BJP and the Sena, which has 63 MLAs in the state, parted ways ahead of the assembly elections after 25 years of bonhomie following differences over sharing of seats.
Uddhav backtracked on his decision to give Fadnavis' swearing in a miss and arrived at the Wankhede Stadium on Friday after being approached by senior BJP leaders, hinting at a rapprochment between the saffron parties.
Earlier, the Sena had resolved to skip the event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, citing "constant humiliation" by the BJP.
However, Sena MP Vinayak Raut later said BJP president Amit Shah had assured Uddhav of a positive decision on participation of his party in the new government.
The BJP, which has 122 seats in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly, needs 23 more legislators to reach the magic figure. BJP legislator, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack last Sunday. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP's tally is around 135.
Meanwhile, Sena MP and Uddhav's emissary, Anil Desai, is said to have spoken to Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday, conveying to him the Sena's request of completing the discussion before the trust vote.
A source indicated that the Sena's demand of getting one-third of the ministerial posts in the government still remained. For now, the party is said to have demanded 10 seats, considering the government will have 30 ministerial berths.
Asked about reports that Sena had demanded deputy chief minister's post too and threatened to sit in opposition if the BJP didn't comply, state BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said, "We don't comment on any unofficial report."
When contacted, a Sena leader, however, said there was no harm if the outfit got the key post.
The Fadnavis government will seek a vote of confidence in his government during a special session of the assembly beginning on November 11, official sources had said on Friday.
Governor C Vidyasagar Rao has given Fadnavis 15 days from the day of his government was sworn in to prove its majority in the 288-member House.
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has offered unconditional support to the BJP. If the NCP abstains from voting, the BJP will get an upper hand and will be in an advantageous position to form a minority government.
"We are still ready to sit in the opposition if the BJP does not give us respectable portfolios. Yesterday (Friday) Uddhavji obliged keeping the respect of senior BJP leaders who invited him. Now everything depends on what offer we get from the BJP," said a senior Sena legislator.
Sena sounds caution
The Sena cautioned Fadnavis on Saturday against taking the people for granted and asked him to fulfil the expectations of the common man.
 
"The new government is like a newly-wed woman who initially pleases her mother-in-law. In this case the mother- in-law is the people of Maharashtra. You cannot take people for granted. They have the power to pull your ears when you err," an editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamna said.
 
This is the first lesson the new government will have to learn, the Sena added.
Fadnavis in action
Fadnavis visited the Bal Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park on Saturday evening in a move that sent positive signals to the Sena camp.
He also held his first cabinet meeting during which he vowed to work for the people of the state.
A day after taking charge, the 44-year-old leader reviewed the status of key departments.
 
The chief minister assessed presentations of finance, agriculture, home and energy departments.
 
The secretaries of the concerned departments explained the status of projects of these departments.
 
Fadnavis, who is believed to have been endorsed by Modi for the chief minister's post, said he planned to develop his office on the lines of the PMO to ensure faster and efficient working of his administration.
 
"I am in the process of developing the office of chief minister on the lines of the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) where a set of select bureaucrats assist the ministers in case they are not able to carry out certain tasks," Fadnavis said.
 
The strengthening of Chief Minister's Office (CMO) will remove the bottlenecks and pendency of work would be reduced when bureaucrats enter the scene to help ministers, he said.
 
On the demand for abolition of local body tax (LBT), Fadnavis said he was contemplating introduction of turnover tax on VAT.
 
The BJP had promised to do away with LBT during its poll campaign.
(with agency inputs) 

Virgin Galactic s Space Tourism Craft Crashes  Pilot KilledVirgin Galactic s Space Tourism Craft Crashes  Pilot Killed
Govt notifies 33 pc gas price hike; CNG prices raisedGovt notifies 33 pc gas price hike; CNG prices raised
FPIs pull out Rs 1 200 cr from equities in OctoberFPIs pull out Rs 1 200 cr from equities in October
Every penny  of black money will be brought back: PM ModiThe government was committed to bringing back "every penny" of black money stashed abroad and it will not be held back in its efforts, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday.
 
"I want to tell the people that please have faith in this pradhan sevak (chief servant) of yours...that this is an article of faith that every paisa that has gone will come back," said Modi in his second nationwide radio speech called 'Mann ki Baat'.
 
"I assure you I will not be held back in bringing back whatever the amount." Modi said there could be a difference in the path and procedure to bring back the black money, "but what I understand and what I know is that we are on the right path", Modi said in his 18-minute address.
 
He said that no one knows the exact figure of the amount stashed abroad, "and nor did the previous government...and everyone gives different figures".
 
He said he does not want to get into figures. "This is the wealth of the poor and should be brought back and I want to assure you that there will be no let-up in my efforts. I just want your blessings."
 
Black money is income that is not disclosed to the government and, therefore, not assessed for tax, and although there is no official fix on how much of it is there, unofficial estimates say it could be as much as $500 billion or Rs. 31 lakh crore (nearly 30% of India's $1.8-trillion GDP).
 
Washington-based think-tank Global Financial Integrity has estimated that India suffered $344 billion in illicit fund outflows between 2002 and 2011.
 
The Modi government last week gave the Supreme Court a secret list of 627 people suspected of stashing black money in foreign banks beyond the reach of tax authorities.
 
After coming to power, Modi set up a team of regulators and former judges to identify illicit fund-holders and repatriate money. But it has encountered difficulty obtaining details of account-holders from foreign nations due to financial confidentiality issues.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MPs at his residence in Delhi. (PTI File Photo)
The Prime Minister thanked the public for their support for his cleanliness mission. “Nobody could have imaged that Swachhta (cleanliness) will turn into such a revolution. The mission has influenced children the most.”
The Prime Minister said he was happy that his radio address had gone down well with the public. In his last address, he had asked people to buy at least one khadi (homespun cotton) garment. “I had not asked people to go khadi all the way…just asked them to buy one khadi outfit. You’ll be happy to know that since then, khadi outlets have report 125% jump in sales.”
Modi also devoted Sunday’s radio address to some social issues, expressing concern over the menace of drug abuse among the youth and promised to speak on it in his next chat.

IDFC plans to hire 1 500 for banking opsIDFC plans to hire 1,500 for banking ops
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 2:  
As it readies to convert itself into a full-fledged bank, IDFC has said it will be hiring around 1,500 professionals in the run-up to the launch.
“At present we are 600 at the group level and are looking at hiring 1500 more before launching our banking operations,” the infra lender’s group chief financial officer Sunil Kakar said over the weekend.
He said a bulk of the hiring will happen in the next fiscal, as the company approaches the October 1 deadline it has set for itself to launch the bank.
Managing director and chief executive Vikram Limaye said the senior management team, which includes a majority of the department heads, has already been hired and the company will be recruiting the remaining talent in a structured manner so as to not affect its costs.
Justifying the massive hiring, he claimed that the company’s cost-to-income ratio at around 16 per cent is very low.
IDFC was selected along with micro-lender Bandhan to start a bank with universal offerings by the RBI in April in the first round of bank licensing that came in after 2002-03.
The in-principle nod, given in April, is valid for 18 months. There have been doubts about the new players poaching talent from the existing lenders. However, all the existing lenders, especially those from the private space, have dismissed such concerns till now.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

What the World Bank s confidence crisis means for IndiaWhy the World Bank is facing a crisis of confidence and what it means for India
Seema Sirohi Nov 2, 2014, 11.32AM IST
Tags:
(It's a searing lesson for…)
Because something is happening here But you don't know what it is, Do you, Mister Jones?
The lines from Bob Dylan's Ballad of a Thin Man, a furious inquisition of a philistine who enters a world he doesn't understand, aptly describe recent events at the World Bank where an "outsider" president, trying to restructure the largest development institution, is faced with fierce questioning on his ideas and methods.
Reorganizing a behemoth of 10,000 employees is no easy task but critics say that President Jim Yong Kim, a physician and anthropologist by training, has gone about his plan to slash $400 million with the delicacy of a hammer, not a scalpel. Anxiety among staff members is high, the morale low and uncertainty reigns.
It's a searing lesson for the BRICS countries as they go about setting up their development bank. The history of of the World Bank and its presidents could be a textbook on how not to be.
President Kim, a Korean American, is caught in a fullfledged culture war — development experts resent his topdown approach, insiders bristle at the outsider's arrogance, sensitized employees question his "dismissive" manner and watchdogs are appalled at his top dogs pocketing hefty bonuses while others get "nickeled and dimed".
The primary charges against Kim: a lack of transparency in the restructuring process, not releasing the budget for projects in time, creating a more centralized decision-making process while promising the opposite, selecting "yes men" of questionable expertise for top positions in newly created silos while firing well-respected managers and finally, losing sight of the clients which are the 188 member countries — for whom the Bank presumably exists.
Secondary charges: a general cluelessness, a proclivity towards control and an over reliance on outside consultants like McKinsey, Deloitte and Booz Allen. Their bill: $12.5 million.
The immediate cause for the open revolt earlier this month, which resulted in "work stoppages" and silent assemblies, was news that Bertrand Badre, the Bank's chief financial officer (CFO), had got an ostentatious bonus in the middle of cost cutting. The explosive information was meticulously dug out and collated by Fabrice Houdart, a young country director whose fearlessness has won him many fans.
Badre received a "scarce skills premium" of $189,000 over two years in addition to his annual salary of $379,000. More egregiously, the bonus came in fiscal year 2014 when the Bank took a financial hit of $203 million on bonds it owned in an Austrian bank that went under. "The decision is inexplicable in a year when the bank put zero money in reserves," said a source in the Bank's governing board of directors.
The Staff Association, experts and data crunchers, asked on September 25: "At a time of employment insecurity, staff downsizing and belt-tightening, we are mystified as to how president Kim and his senior management could be so blind to the optics."
A Sense of Fear
Now Houdart, the whistleblower, is apparently under investigation despite Kim's explicit promises that there would be no retaliation against those who spoke up. A three-man team went to Houdart's office on October 14 and removed the memory disk from his scanner without an explanation. The timing of the operation has led to questions about motives and created a sense of fear. "We have no comment," said the Bank's official spokesman David Theis.
"I have been placed under investigation...( but) let us not let ourselves be intimidated," Houdart wrote on the Bank's internal blog, a copy of which was obtained by ET Magazine. He is ostensibly being targeted for an alleged leak five months ago of an internal draft document on the Bank's new environmental and social safety standards. The document showed the Bank's intention to dilute those standards. Houdart said he had "no access" to the confidential document as a senior country officer.
Meanwhile, other bits of malodorous information about the creamy layer continue to trickle out — how Badre flew to Paris for D-Day celebrations on the Bank's dime, how he teaches a class in Paris and gets compensated. Theis said Badre's trips to Paris follow the Bank's "operational travel policies" and the ethics department had cleared his "small stipend" from the Paris institute.
But Caesar's wife must be above suspicion, as they say. Paul Cadario, a former senior manager of the Bank, says the continuous trickle of negative stories are symptoms of "a spreading lack of trust in leadership and in the example they set, which is far more damaging to the health and effectiveness of any organization, particularly one with goals as noble and important as the Bank's". Cadario, who retired in 2012 after 37 years at the Bank, is unimpressed with the way Kim has handled the process.

Keeping off fossil fuel can help India save $600-b in 20 yrsPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:58 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 1:58 pm
Moving to a low-carbon energy economy, the country can free up a whopping USD 600 billion for investments for various developmental projects over the next two decades leading to overall development, says a report by the Climate Policy Initiative (CPI).
As the country is trying to meet ambitious renewable energy goals as well as development needs with finite financial resources, moving to a low-carbon economy can help it maximise its financial capacity to meet economic and development goals, which will result in a saving of USD 600 billion for more productive investments, says CPI.
The Climate Policy Initiative is a global policy effectiveness analysis and advisory organisation with a mission to assess, diagnose, and support nations’ efforts to achieve low-carbon growth. An independent, not-for-profit organisation supported by a grant from the Open Society Foundations, CPI is headquartered in the US, and has offices and programmes in Brazil, China, Europe, India, and Indonesia. It uses the International Energy Agency’s business-as-usual and two degree change assumptions to simulate current and low-carbon energy pathways.
The country has set a target of 20 GW solar energy by 2020 under the national solar mission, while the target from the wind energy is three time more at 65.5 GW. The report further said transitioning to a low-carbon electricity system could also bring financial savings if the country can reduce the cost of finance. These savings, when coupled with a reduction in the high financing costs can provide the country with additional financial capacity to meet its economic and development goals.

Govt. committed to upliftment of specially-abled children  assures PM ModiGovt. committed to upliftment of specially-abled children  assures PM Modi
Efforts to bring back black money on right track: ModiEfforts to bring back black money on right track: Modi
Gold may decline to Rs 24 500 by December if rupee stays constantGold may decline to Rs 24 500 by December if rupee stays constant
Alarm at plan to end Italys Mare NostrumAlarm at plan to end Italy’s Mare Nostrum rescue operation
By Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec9edf84-508e-11e4-8645-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Military seizes power in Burkina FasoLast updated: October 30, 2014 10:51 pm
Military seizes power in Burkina Faso
Javier Blas, Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1b3a1d6e-604c-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Students death triggers Burkina Faso unrestApril 18, 2011 8:45 pm
Student’s death triggers Burkina Faso unrest
By Katrina Manson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1be45a6-69ef-11e0-89db-00144feab49a.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Polish spies return amid east-west tensions© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/60bc4b0e-6034-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Med becomes a no-mans land for migrants© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e323bf80-60e0-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mediterranean migrants test our humanityOctober 31, 2014 6:35 pm
Mediterranean migrants test our humanity – and we have failed
Letting refugees drown is an indecent policy, writes Paddy Ashdown
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db27a7e4-60ed-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft Band fitness device launched at $199E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Digvijay Singh wants Rahul Gandhi to take over; Congress distancesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BJP  Sena dont stand for Hindus in limited sense... All those who believe in India are HinduHome
Economy
'BJP, Sena don’t stand for Hindus in limited sense... All those who believe in India are Hindu'
Anil Sasi | Published:  Nov 02 2014, 00:27  IST
Nov 02 2014, 00:27  IST
 

China wakes up to terror emanating from PakistanEYE BROWSE
China for parleys on terror from Pakistan
Indian and Afghan officials present at the fourth "Istanbul process" foreign ministerial Afghanistan Conference being held in Beijing said there was a discernible shift in China's stand on terrorism.
By Ananth Krishnan | Mail Today –  Sat 1 Nov, 2014
Print
BEIJING: WITH rising concerns in Beijing on the spread of terror from Pakistan hitting its frontier Xinjiang region, China seems to be rethinking its long-held reluctance to discuss regional concerns - particularly in New Delhi and Kabul - on cross border terrorism emanating from Pakistan.
Indian and Afghan officials present at the fourth "Istanbul process" foreign ministerial Afghanistan Conference being held in Beijing told MAIL TODAY there was a discernible shift in China's stand on terrorism.
It comes in the wake of a string of attacks in China's Muslim-majority frontier region, blamed by the authorities on the East Turkestan Islamic Movement (ETIM), some of whose members are thought to be hiding near the Pakistan-Afghanistan border.
Terrorism received prominent attention at Friday's consultations.
And unusually for a meeting being hosted in Beijing, Afghan officials were outspoken about their concerns on extremist groups operating close to the Pakistan border.
Afghan Foreign Minister Zarar Ahmad Osmani said to a question from MAIL TODAY about cross- border terror that "the reasons for the existence and presence of terrorism in the region have to be identified". "One of the issues that were under discussion at this Conference was the presence of Taliban in Afghanistan," he said. "The reason for their presence has to be identified," he added, alluding to Afghan concerns on Pakistani support for groups in border regions.
He said the regional effort would not only need international cooperation, but also an effort to address factors "outside and inside Afghanistan" that "provide a situation" to exist.
Asked by MAIL TODAY if China was prepared to take steps to address Afghan and Indian concerns, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said, "I am happy to tell you that among the confidence building measures we agreed, the first is on counter-terrorism". India was represented by Minister of State for External Affairs Gen. (retd) V. K. Singh. He said China was "concerned on the spread of terrorism", which was concern shared by India. "We had a convergence of views on this particular issue," he said. Also calls for counter measures on terror.
Reproduced From Mail Today.Copyright 2014. MTNPL. All rights reserved.
Recommend

Devastated as captain  Sachin Tendulkar wanted to quitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Can Lanka challenge India with this teamOpening slot and fielding concerns for Sri Lanka
Five questions for Sri Lanka before the ODI series against India. (By Andrew Fidel Fernando | ESPNcricinfo)
Getty Images Sat 1 Nov, 2014
Latest News Galleries
Prev Next
The opening conundrum — While Tillakaratne Dilshan has been slapping and scooping his way through opposition attacks since 2009, Sri Lanka have rifled through opening batsmen at the other end. Lahiru Thirimanne and Dimuth Karunaratne have had their dash, Mahela Jayawardene has sometimes stepped in to replace misfiring batsmen mid-tour, Kusal Perera began with promise but is yet to deliver consistently, and Upul Tharanga has been in and out of the... more 
The opening conundrum — While Tillakaratne Dilshan has been slapping and scooping his way through opposition attacks since 2009, Sri Lanka have rifled through opening batsmen at the other end. Lahiru Thirimanne and Dimuth Karunaratne have had their dash, Mahela Jayawardene has sometimes stepped in to replace misfiring batsmen mid-tour, Kusal Perera began with promise but is yet to deliver consistently, and Upul Tharanga has been in and out of the side. The only surprise so far is that chief selector Sanath Jayasuriya has not reinstalled himself atop the innings. This tour though, sees Sri Lanka seek a definitive answer to the question of who deserves to partner Dilshan during the World Cup. Tharanga, coming in on a cloud of form from the A side, will probably have the first choice to impress, but if he fails in the first few outings, Kusal will be in the wings, awaiting his turn. less 

Cipla-Novartis patent row: DIPP looking into merit of caseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indias Ocean Act: Sushma Swaraj travels to Mauritius andMaldivesIn a letter to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, Chief Minister Chandy said nurses have been struggling in Benghazi even without food.
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: November 2, 2014 11:46 am
The External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s travels across the Indian Ocean this week, to Mauritius and Maldives, should help Delhi recognise the urgency of getting its act together in the maritime neighbourhood.
As a rising China reshapes the geopolitics of the Indian Ocean, India’s natural geographic and strategic primacy is no longer assured. As the world’s second largest economy, and soon to be the first, China’s interests in the Indian Ocean are growing. Beijing must, therefore, be expected to secure them purposefully. China’s growing naval power and its vigorous maritime diplomacy are doing precisely that.
No wonder China’s economic and strategic profile is rising among the island states that straddle the sea lines of communication in the Indian Ocean. The strategic location of these island states has always made them critical for military power projection by extra-regional actors.
That the NDA government was conscious of the impact of China’s rise on its neighbourhood was evident in prime minister designate Narendra Modi’s decision to invite all member countries of the South Asian Association of Regional Cooperation to attend the his swearing in ceremony at the end of May.
There was one surprising addition to the guest list—the Prime minister of Mauritius that is not a member of the SAARC forum. The invitation to Navin Ramgoolam underscored Delhi’s strategic imagination of Mauritius as a very special neighbour of India.
If Swaraj put Dhaka and Kathmandu at the top of her travel schedule, Prime Minister Narendra Modi chose Bhutan and Nepal as the first destinations for his bilateral visits abroad. Swaraj’s visit to Port Louis and Male is an integral part of the government’s “neighbours first” foreign policy.
Despite the acute awareness of the Chinese quest for strategic influence in both Maldives and Mauritius, Delhi has dropped the ball on both countries during the UPA years. The big question now is whether the NDA government could put the two relationships back on track.
Modi’s predecessor, Dr. Manmohan Singh had no problem recognising the growing strategic significance of the Indian Ocean. The UPA government activated the moribund regional framework for the Indian Ocean, now known as the IORA, expanded the scope of the biennial ‘Milan’ naval exercises in the Bay of Bengal, and launched new security initiatives like the Indian Ocean Naval Symposium.
Delhi had also begun to intensify its bilateral security cooperation with key countries in the littoral and set up new trilateral forums like the one on maritime domain awareness between India, Sri Lanka and the Maldives.
The problem was that the demand for security cooperation with India far outstripped the UPA government’s capacity to supply it. Worse still the lack of internal coherence within the UPA government meant, Delhi was prone to score self-goals.
As the finance ministry adopted a confrontational approach towards Mauritius on tax related issues, Delhi could not organise a more balanced and productive approach that took into account to India’s multiple security interests there and resolved issues through a quiet negotiation.
In the internal political struggles that unfolded in Maldives in recent years, India’s has erred backing the wrong political horses. Male today feels emboldened to throw out Indian companies and play the China card against Delhi.
For nearly a decade now, China has been knocking on the doors of the Indian Ocean island states seeking greater strategic cooperation. President Hu Jintao concluded his two trips to Africa in 2007 and 2009 with visits to Seychelles and Mauritius respectively. His successor Xi Jinping in September stopped over in Male and Colombo. Besides laying the foundation for a deeper economic cooperation, Xi announced China’s plans for stronger defence ties with both countries.
For too long, Delhi has taken for granted its centrality in the Indian Ocean littoral and its long-standing strategic relationships with island states like Seychelles, Mauritius, Maldives and Sri Lanka. It is now up to the Modi government to develop a vigorous strategy that responds to India’s new maritime imperatives in the Indian Ocean.
(The writer is a distinguished fellow at the Observer Research Foundation, Delhi and a contributing editor for The Indian Express)

Top 10 blue-chips add Rs 97 648 cr to m-cap; TCS topgainerTCS remained at number one, followed by ONGC, Reliance, ITC, Coal India, Infosys, HDFC Bank, State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma. Reuters
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 11:35 am
As the BSE Sensex gained over 1,000 points last week, the top 10 companies saw a combined addition of over Rs 97,648 crore to market capitalisation during the past week.
Each of these firms saw its m-cap rise but the biggest gainer was TCS which added Rs 27,255.70 crore to its market worth. Its m-cap swelled to Rs 5,10,160.5 crore.
TCS remained at number one, followed by ONGC, Reliance, ITC, Coal India, Infosys, HDFC Bank, State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
After TCS, RIL and Infosys added the most to their value during the week ended October 31. Both RIL and Infosys added over Rs 14,000 crore to their market capitalisation.
RIL added Rs 14,960.02 crore, with its m-cap swelling to Rs 3,23,201.52 crore.
Infosys’ valuations improved by Rs 14,106.10 crore to Rs 2,32,648.91 crore, while Coal India’s m-cap moved up by Rs 10,485.15 crore to Rs 2,33,294.92 crore.
Country’s leading public sector lender SBI added Rs 8,906.60 crore, following which its valuation improved to Rs 2,01,697.92 crore, while Sun Pharma’s market capitalisation swelled by Rs 7,331.70 crore to Rs 1,75,122.21 crore.
ICICI Bank added Rs 5,695.60 crore during last week. Accordingly, its m-cap improved to Rs 1,88,129.8 crore. ITC added Rs 3,790.85 crore to its value; HDFC Bank – Rs 3,790.52 crore and ONGC – Rs 1,326.07 crore.
During the week, Sensex added 1,014.78 points to close at 27,865.83 points.
The NSE Nifty, comprising 50 scrips, breached the 8,300- mark for the first time to touch lifetime high of 8,330.75. It closed the week on Friday at a new high of 8,322.20, surging 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
 

Twitter suspends some accounts  later apologizesTwitter suspends some accounts  later apologizes
RCF to invite bids for Thal plant expansionHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
RCF to invite bids for Thal plant expansion
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 2:  
State-run Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilisers (RCF) will soon invite bids for its proposed Rs 4,500-crore urea capacity expansion at its Thal plant near Mumbai, a top company official said.
“We are getting the bids and the lump sum turn-key bids. We will soon invite bids, which will be followed by a detailed project report. Next year, I think we can start the project,” RCF chairman and managing director RG Rajan told PTI here.
The Mini-Ratna company, which has said that it will be raising fertiliser prices by 2-3 per cent to offset the natural gas price hike impact on margins from this month, is going to set up a new urea capacity at its Thal plant near Mumbai with an estimated investment of Rs 4,500 crore.
“We expect the EPC job to be awarded sometime in 2015, so the plant could be commissioned by 2018,” he said.
RCF, along with Coal India, GAIL and Fertiliser Corporation of India, is setting up Rs 9,000-crore facility at Talcher in Odisha and Rajan said the plant is likely to be commissioned in 2019.
The Talcher plant is a coal-gas fired one and was originally owned by FCI. Apart from producing 1.3 million tonne urea, the plant will also produce 3.5 lakh tonne ammonium nitrate post expansion by 2019, he said.
Rajan said out of the Rs 9,000-crore total investment, RCF would be investing Rs 1,000 crore. RCF has annual capacity of 2.5 mt urea and 7 lakh tonne complex fertilisers.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

BHEL bags Rs 220 crore contractBHEL bags Rs 220 crore contract
Coromandel International posts robust growthHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Coromandel International posts robust growth
V Rishi Kumar
Q2 net up 12 per cent at Rs 183 cr
Hyderabad, Nov 2:  
Fertiliser major Coromandel International Ltd has reported consolidated net profit of Rs 183 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014, as against Rs 164 crore in corresponding quarter last year registering a growth of 12 per cent.
During the second quarter, the company’s consolidated turnover was up 8 per cent at Rs 3,466 crore against Rs 3,215 crore for the same period last year.
For the first half, the company’s turnover was Rs 5,347 crore (corresponding period last year Rs 5,113 crore) and profit after tax is Rs 218 crore (Rs 189 crore)
Kapil Mehan, Managing Director, said: “We are pleased with all round improvement in the company's performance on strength of robust products portfolio with strong franchise amongst our farmer consumers."
"Late recovery of monsoon also aided to improved performance. We expect that the Comprehensive fertiliser policy initiated by the new Government will address the optimisation of nutrient consumption and improvement of soil health. This in turn shall boost the demand for phosphatic fertilisers and help in consolidating our position as a leading agri input player,"he said.
Standalone performance
For the second quarter, the standalone turnover was higher by 12 per cent at Rs 3,245 crore in comparison to the corresponding quarter last year of Rs 2,899 crore.
Net profit after tax for the quarter was Rs 170 crore against Rs 145 crore in the corresponding quarter last year.
The plant at Visakhapatnam was impacted by the ‘Hudhud’ cyclone causing certain damages to the unit.
"The operations have commenced partially and the company is in the process of lodging the insurance claim,” he said.
The company’s subsidiary Sabero Organics (Sabero) reported a turnover of Rs 270 crore and EBITDA of Rs 29 crore.
The petition filed by the company for amalgamation of Sabero with the company has been approved by the High Court of Telangana and the State of Andhra Pradesh.
Sanction of the High Court of Gujarat for the petition filed by Sabero is awaited.
Capital contribution has been made to the joint venture company Yanmar Coromandel Agrisolutions Private Limited (Yanmar India) in the current quarter to engage in the business of manufacture, sales and after-sales service of agricultural machinery.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Bar bribe row: Vigilance to probe charge against Ker FMBar bribe row: Vigilance to probe charge against Ker FM
Don t wanna talk about abandoned India tour: SammyDon t wanna talk about abandoned India tour: Sammy
No correct estimate of black money abroad  but it will be brought back: PM ModiNo correct estimate of black money abroad  but it will be brought back: PM Modi
DoT asks telecom companies to collect  Aadhaar  number for issuing new SIMsDoT asks telecom companies to collect  Aadhaar  number for issuing new SIMs
U.S. Expands Recall Warning Over Defective Air Bagsu.s. expands recall warning over defective air bags
GABRIEL BOUYS / AFP - Getty Imagesgabriel bouys / afp - getty images
Kerala: Organisers to go ahead with  Kiss of Love  todayComments
The much-hyped ‘kiss of love’ campaign to protest against growing moral policing has fizzled out after the police rounded up 50-odd activists who were planning to march towards Marine Drive, the venue of the event. The police detained the organisers and sympathisers, including women, even before they could reach the venue of the symbolic protest against moral policing.
A girl kisses a boy as a support to 'Kiss of Love' protest rally, in Kochi on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
Just as the march began at around 4pm, the police team led by DCP (Law and Order), R Nishantini, took the organisers and sympathisers into custody and bundled them into a police van as they raised slogans against moral policing.
Though the organisers had claimed that 5,000 activists would take part in the event many pro-kiss activists backed out at the eleventh hour fearing violence. Since morning many anti-kiss drive activists had swarmed Marine Drive and assembled at vantage points insisting that they won’t allow the event come what may.
The police resorted to a mild lathi-charge to disperse the crowd that attacked two motor-cyle borne pro-kiss activists.  At least eight protesters and media personnel were injured in the ensuing scuffle. Traffic was disrupted for more than two hours.
Despite the police arresting them minutes before their march to the venue, pro-kiss activists claimed that their campaign was a run-away hit. “We succeeded in sending a strong message throughout the country that moral policing is worse than voyeurism. We got unprecedented support from many quarters. It is a strong warning to moral police,” said N Nandini, one of the activists.
Earlier, protesters on Sunday blocked roads leading to Kochi’s Marine Drive, the venue for ‘Kiss of Love’ — a mass-kissing campaign against alleged moral policing by right-wing groups.
The port city remained tense with suspected members of the Shiv Sena, Samastha Sunni Students Federation and other activist groups saying they would not let the event take place.
Around 1,000 policemen were deployed to prevent any untoward incident as those supporting the drive planned to march to the venue by 5:00pm.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised recently by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
A day after the Kerala high court refused to intervene, the organisers said on Sunday they would go ahead with the protest, even as they were yet to get permission from the police.
Though the police had denied permission for the event, they said they would only intervene if it created a law and order problem.
Stressing that it was "not a kiss fest" but a gathering of like-minded people to raise awareness against moral policing, the organisers said they would next focus on creating awareness about the deadly AIDS.
'Free Thinkers', a Facebook group organising the programme, expected about 700-1000 people would participate.
"There is no question of backtracking. The protest will be held as scheduled at 5pm at the venue with participants holding placards," Rahul Pasupalan, IT professional and short film maker and Jijo Kuriakose, a researcher and members of 'Free Thinkers' had told reporters earlier in the day.
On Saturday, the organisers had received a shot in the arm with the Kerala high court refusing to interfere with the event after the state government assured action would be taken in the event of any illegal activities. Two petitions seeking to prohibit the event was disposed by the court recording the government's submission.
"This is not a kiss fest. It is a gathering of like minded people to protest against moral policing. We are independent thinkers and this is a gathering of the Facebook users," they said, adding young and old couple, parents and youngsters were all welcome to participate in the event, which is a platform to protest against moral policing.
Pasupalan said though they approached police four days back with a request for permission to conduct the event, they were yet to receive any intimation allowing or denying permission.
Pointing out that kissing and hugging was only a form of agitation they had chosen to raise awareness against moral policing, Rahul said it was precisely due to the novel form of protest they had adopted that so much heat had been generated.
"Isn't everyone talking about the event?" he asked.
"Because we selected this form of protest, everyone is discussing it. We want to create an awareness against moral policing," they said.
Jijo Kuriakose said the group would next focus their attention on creating awareness about the deadly AIDS.
Interestingly parallel to the ‘kiss fest’ a slew of other protests are expected to take place near the venue. Leading Malayalam literary critic M Leelavathy and Kochi Mayor Tony Chammany are among the main participants expected to join a parallel protest event being organized by the Kerala Students’ Union, student wing of the Congress.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised last week by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
The attack came after a news channel owned by a political party carried a report on October 23 with visuals of “immoral activities” allegedly taking place at the establishment, showing young couples kissing and embracing.
(With PTI inputs)

PM Modi Urges Speeding Up of Budget PreparationsPM Modi Urges Speeding Up of Budget Preparations
BHEL bags Rs 220 cr contractHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
BHEL bags Rs 220 cr contract
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 2:  
State-owned BHEL has bagged an order worth Rs 220 crore for supplying an electrostatic precipitator package to a power project in Odisha.
The contract is related to the 2x800 MW Darlipali super thermal power project.
In a statement today, Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd said the Rs 220 crore order has been placed by NTPC.
The plant is located in Sundargarh district of Odisha.
The contract envisages design, engineering, manufacture, supply, erection and commissioning of Electrostatic Precipitator Package.
ESPs are used in thermal power stations for collecting fly ash present in the flue gas emitted by the boilers into the atmosphere.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Chinese Army entered Indian waters at PangongLakePrint
By: Press Trust of India | Leh/new Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:40 am
Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) recently made a two-pronged simultaneous incursion by sending its troops into Indian waters in the Pangong lake as well as five kms deep into Indian territory through the land route in the same area, according to reports.
Official sources said on Sunday that according to reports received by security agencies, Chinese boats entered into the Indian waters at the Pangong lake nestled in the higher reaches of Ladakh on October 22.
These incursions were simultaneously backed by Chinese troops on the road built alongside the Pangong lake which took place in eastern Ladakh and on the northern bank of Pangong Lake, located 168 km from Leh, the sources said.
However, alert troops of ITBP noticed the movement of Chinese troops and intercepted them at the imaginary line that is supposed to be the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in the lake.
The ITBP soldiers also blocked the Chinese troops mounted on mountain terrain vehicles who were trying to cross over theLAC by road.
A banner drill, in which both sides wave banners claiming it to be their territory, was carried out which was followed by a face-off between the troops of the two sides.
However, Chinese troops had to return after the Indian troops neither allowed them to move their boats forward not allowed the troops on road to move an inch further, the sources said.
Chinese troops had managed to enter upto Finger IV area in the region from where they were sent back. This area has been a bone of contention between India and China as both sides claim it to be a part of their territory.
When Indian side was trying to back its claim on the area during negotiations, the Chinese army constructed a metal-top road and claimed the area to be part of Aksai Chin area, the sources said.
China had construct a road up to Finger-IV area which falls under Siri Jap area and is five km deep into the LAC, the sources said.
The simultaneous approach to enter Indian waters was seen as a move by the Chinese troops to put psychological pressure on the Indian troops who man the area.
The Chinese patrols used to come frequently from the northern and southern banks of this lake, whose 45 km stretch is on the Indian side while another 90 km is on the Chinese side.
Indians are armed with high-speed interceptor boats, bought from the US, which can accommodate nearly 15 soldiers and are equipped with radars, infra-red and GPS systems.
These boats are stated to be as good as the Chinese vessels and are used to conduct reconnaissance and area domination patrols.
The situation along the banks of the lake has always remained volatile with Chinese troops being intercepted by Indian Army patrol several times after the three-week long stand-off in the Depsang plains of Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) in May 2013.

Keeping off fossil fuel can help India save $600-b in 20yrsPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:58 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 1:58 pm
Moving to a low-carbon energy economy, the country can free up a whopping USD 600 billion for investments for various developmental projects over the next two decades leading to overall development, says a report by the Climate Policy Initiative (CPI).
As the country is trying to meet ambitious renewable energy goals as well as development needs with finite financial resources, moving to a low-carbon economy can help it maximise its financial capacity to meet economic and development goals, which will result in a saving of USD 600 billion for more productive investments, says CPI.
The Climate Policy Initiative is a global policy effectiveness analysis and advisory organisation with a mission to assess, diagnose, and support nations’ efforts to achieve low-carbon growth. An independent, not-for-profit organisation supported by a grant from the Open Society Foundations, CPI is headquartered in the US, and has offices and programmes in Brazil, China, Europe, India, and Indonesia. It uses the International Energy Agency’s business-as-usual and two degree change assumptions to simulate current and low-carbon energy pathways.
The country has set a target of 20 GW solar energy by 2020 under the national solar mission, while the target from the wind energy is three time more at 65.5 GW. The report further said transitioning to a low-carbon electricity system could also bring financial savings if the country can reduce the cost of finance. These savings, when coupled with a reduction in the high financing costs can provide the country with additional financial capacity to meet its economic and development goals.

Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis told to rethink farm power dole  freedrugsPrint
Written by Sandeep A Ashar | Mumbai | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:43 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 12:58 pm
A day after taking oath, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis chaired a marathon meeting of his cabinet, at which he and his ministerial colleagues received the lowdown on the “poor state of the state’s finances”, and were told that the liberal subsidies of the previous Prithviraj Chavan government were unsustainable.
Senior finance department officials told the chief minister that the Rs 10,000 crore waiver of dues on electricity to farmers allowed by the Chavan government in June, and the Rs 500 crore bill from the decision taken in February to provide free medicines in state hospitals, were “burdening” the exchequer.
The officials told the government that a course correction was imperative to restore the state’s financial health — advice which, if followed, might see pressure on the CM to take hard decisions even before the honeymoon period of his government runs out.
“Rolling back the electricity waiver will upset farmers, and doing away with free medicines will give the opposition ammunition to target the government,” a cabinet minister said.
While former finance minister Ajit Pawar had projected a revenue deficit of Rs 4,103 crore for 2014-15 in June, officials said lavish pre-poll sops had pushed revenue deficit projections beyond the Rs 26,000 crore mark. The state’s debt is now more than Rs 3.15 lakh crore, and officials said Maharashtra stood to lose out on Rs 800 crore of central grants for missing Financial Reform and Budgetary Management (FRBM) norms on revenue surplus.
The finance department has sought a review of subsidies extended to the state transport department (Rs 1,508 crore) towards commuter concessions. A Rs 4,000 crore subsidy has been given for various industrial promotion schemes, which, sources said, was unlikely to be withdrawn.
At the five-hour meeting, the government also sought detailed presentations on law and order, and on challenges in the power and agriculture sectors.
Sources said Fadnavis expressed deep concern over the poor conviction rate in crimes. A panel headed by the Additional Chief Secretary (Home) had recommended a 13-point plan to improve the conviction rate this June, but the proposal was not taken up by the Chavan cabinet.
At Saturday’s meeting, the home department asked that the cabinet note be taken up immediately. From 33 per cent in 1997, the conviction rate has slipped to 13.8 per cent currently.
Separately on Saturday, the chief minister directed Director General of Police Sanjeev Dayal to investigate the gruesome murder of three members of a Dalit family in Ahmednagar district on October 21. Fadnavis also assured a delegation that the government would ensure that the case is tried in a fast-track court. Ministers Pankaja Munde and Dilip Kamble will on Sunday visit Pathardi village where the killings took place.

No correct estimate of black money abroad  but every penny will be brought back: ModiNo correct estimate of black money abroad  but every penny will be brought back: Modi
New insider trading norms on the anvil;Delisting to get easierNew insider trading norms on the anvil;Delisting to get easier
Penthouse envy: Touring Manhattan s stylish loftsDave Swanson
November 01, 2014
I’ve always wanted to live in Manhattan. But truth be told, my budget probably won’t ever stretch to buy the kind of dream dwelling that would make it worthwhile.
Sure, there’s Don Draper ’s Park Avenue apartment, or whatever its 2014 version would be. But that’s not how most of my NYC friends live. Actually, none of my friends can afford to live in the Big Apple. But we can all dream, right?
For the first-ever Dwell on Design NYC , held this October, five Manhattan homes were selected to provide attendees with a glimpse into the city’s contemporary living spaces. We’ve already looked inside classical violinist Joshua Bell’s swank penthouse , and we’ll provide a peek at the Harlem townhouse of actors Alysia Reiner (Orange Is the New Black) and David Alan Basche (United 93) soon.
Three stops on the New York tour were top-floor homes in Lower Manhattan. The area prospered through the first half of the 20th century but had fallen out of favor by the 1960s. Then, with the rise of Greenwich Village’s jazz and folk clubs, the punk rock hangouts of the East Village, and the art galleries of Soho, a bohemian spirit took root. The events of 9/11 provided a catalyst for reinvestment, and today Downtown is host to some of New York City’s trendiest neighborhoods.
From the sensibly comfortable to the utterly sophisticated, these three dwellings make the dream of Manhattan tangible and aspirational.
Tribeca Family Penthouse
You’d think that an architect wouldn’t have trouble reworking her own space. She’d know the building codes, the products available, and the real-world concepts produced by her creative peers.
Not so, according to Yen Ha, a principal at Front Studio Architects , who recently adapted her 9th-floor Tribeca penthouse for her husband and two children.
Ha found creative ways around her financial limitations.
“I begged my husband for a couple million dollars and he said no,” joked Ha. “As a designer, it’s challenging to have access to all of these things. You want to put them all into this one place, and you can’t.”
View Larger
But Ha found some creative ways around her financial limitations. She incorporated a simple design flourish that became a focal point for the entire house. “I read a lot so I wanted a lot of space for my books,” she explained. “When I came in I said, ‘This wall needs to be a rainbow.’”
Ha’s elegant solution was an eight-foot-high bookcase lining one wall of the skylighted living room, with the insides of the shelving painted a gradient of bright colors. Utility became art.
The children’s bedrooms were separated from the parents’. The kids asked mom for a climbing wall, plus a way to talking to each other from their bedrooms, so a two-way speaker system was installed. Ha also created a large entry hall lined with inexpensive peg board from Home Depot—perfect for hanging up backpacks and bike helmets.
Budget constraints prevented the couple from redoing the kitchen, a speed bump Ha artfully navigated. But the process was grueling, and towards the end of the remodel, Ha entrusted others to resolve smaller hurdles.
“I was so grateful for people in my office who could make decisions for me, because I wasn’t able to at the end.”
Historic SoHo Loft
Working in an existing space always presents certain limitations, but it’s almost unavoidable in Manhattan. When she was hired to renovate a top-floor loft in a historic former light bulb factory, architect Bronwyn Breitner described the space’s existing proportions as the second biggest challenge.
Credit: Frank Oudeman OTTO Archive View Larger
“The space was 20 by 90 feet, with windows only at the two extremes,” she explained, so daylight was a limited resource. Her first instinct was to open the space from front to back, but the clients weren’t interested. “They’re big entertainers, and they loved the idea of loft living, but not to the degree of living with certain discomforts.”
And the biggest challenge? The clients were Breitner’s older brother and his new girlfriend, with two children added to the new apartment along the way.
Conventional floor plans simply didn’t work for the narrow space, so Breitner proposed a partial wall at the midpoint, creating a visual divide between the public and private spaces. This allowed for more comfortable proportions, though a corridor running down the spine of the bedroom area still connects the front and back halves of the home.
Conventional floor plans didn’t work for the narrow space, so Breitner created a partial wall at the midpoint, dividing the public and private space.
Breitner’s team decided not to expose the wood joists in typical loft style, due to sound considerations. Instead, they dropped the ceilings. But in other ways, loft living was honored.
“We left the exposed brick and did a lovely whitewash, and we exposed some of the steel pipes throughout the space,” Breitner said. Wide-plank oak flooring and exposed metal hint at the building’s former life, while Tamara Eaton ’s warm interiors confirm its new identity.
Best of all, the familial relationships survived the process.
“We all still love each other, and they’re still together,” she added.
Tribeca Manufacturing Building
Credit: Albert Vecerka View Larger
Working from the bones of a landmark 19th Century soap warehouse, architect Andrew Franz exposed the 16-foot beamed ceilings and brick walls of this Tribeca loft to create a true blank canvas.
“There were no partitions, no walls—it was an open box,” said Franz. “But we felt it was important to maintain transparency and the feeling of the entire space.”
To that end, Franz transformed the central living area into something that almost feels like an outdoor courtyard. The centerpiece is a 150-square-foot skylight that opens onto a rooftop terrace, which you can see at the top of this page.
“Connectivity to the indoor and outdoor space was paramount,” explained Franz.
So the stairs to the roof pass through a leafy mezzanine below the skylight. What’s more, the skylight is retractable, allowing the open air to filter into the entire space whenever the weather allows.
The end result is a rooftop terrace that feels as if it begins inside the living area. Creating this indoor/outdoor courtyard also introduced a small nook to the floor plan, just large enough for a guest room and bathroom overlooking the entire home. It’s a private retreat that Franz said has become everyone’s favorite space.
Another unexpected choice: To each of the two main bedrooms, Franz added glazed windows facing the center of the house, allowing the home’s open design to extend into the private areas. It encourages the residents and their guests to experience the entire home, and to appreciate it from a variety of perspectives and angles.
Finishing the space with Mid-Century furnishings, lush fabrics, and discreet built-in cabinetry, Franz clearly had lofty ambitions for the Tribeca Manufacturing Building—all ravishingly realized.

Official: Debris Sign of Spaceship Breaking UpThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Sammy ducks issue of abandoned India tourSammy ducks issue of abandoned India tour
Committed to bringing back every penny of black money: PM ModiBlack Money
(On his second 'Mann Ki Baat'…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today promised to get back every penny of the black money stashed abroad, days after his government was accused of making a U-turn on the issue.
He said the efforts to bring back black money stashed abroad are on the "right track" even as he acknowledged that there was no correct estimate about how much money is kept illegally in foreign countries.
In an address to the nation over radio, he said that bringing back black money from outside the country is an "article of faith" for him and nothing will be lacking in his efforts to do so.
The Prime Minister's commitment to bring back black money stashed abroad comes against the backdrop of the stand it first took in the Supreme Court last week about the inability to disclose the names of the account holders in foreign banks because of the confidentially clause in treaties with other countries.
It had maintained that disclosure of details of account holders would hamper efforts to bring back black money.
The government beat a hasty retreat after the Supreme Court ordered it to disclose the names of account holders in HSBC Geneva which amounted to 627 in number. The government also came under attack from opposition parties that it was going back on its election promise to unearth and bring back black money stashed abroad.
Modi said there may be differences in approach on getting this money back but he was committed to doing it and the nation should have faith in him.
"As far as black money is concerned. You should have faith on this 'pradhan sevak'. For me, it is an article of faith. Every penny of the money of poor people in this country, which has gone out, should return. This is my commitment," Modi said in 'Mann ki Baat' programme on All India Radio.
"There may be differences over the approach and procedures, which is natural in a democracy. But as far as my understanding goes and on the basis of information I have, I can say we are on the right track," he said.
On the actual estimate about amount in illegal bank accounts in foreign countries, the Prime Minister said, "Nobody knows, nor do I know, nor does the government know, nor do you know, how much money is stashed abroad.Even the previous government had no estimate.
"Everybody is making own assessment of figures. I do not want to get involved in those figures. It is my commitment that whatever amount, Rs 2, Rs 5, crore of rupees or whatever, this money belongs to the poor people of this country and should come back.
"And I can assure you that nothing will be lacking in my efforts. I only want your blessings to continue."
He asserted that whatever has to be done, will be done at the earliest.
In his second radio address, which lasted about 20 minutes, the Prime Minister also talked about his government's initiatives like those related to the specially-abled children and cleaning the country besides social problems like drug addiction.
He also paid tributes to the armed forces while referring to his visit to Siachen in Jammu and Kashmir on Diwali day on October 23 where soldiers live in difficult conditions.
With regard to the specially-abled people, he announced that a special scholarship will be given to 1000 such children by the HRD Ministry.
Rs one lakh each will also be given to Kendriya Vidhyalayas and central universities for creating infrastructure for the specially-abled children, he said.
"A good beginning has been made and things will change," he said and added that the country is headed towards a "big change".
Talking about the 'Swachh Bharat' drive launched on October 2, he appreciated the personalities from various walks of life as well as common people for participating in the campaign.
"Had anybody thought that it will become a nationwide campaign?... Things are changing and people are becoming aware that they should not throw filth around," Modi said, adding the maximum impact of the drive has been on children.
Linking the cleanliness drive to healthcare, he said the poor people are the worst affected by dirt as they fall ill which affects their livelihood.
While talking about the changing mindset of people on the issue, he said that many personalities, including business leaders, sports persons and film actors who meet him now discuss social issues.
"Earlier, when business leaders used to meet (the Prime Minister), they would discuss issues of their interest. But now, most of the discussions centre around social issues," the Prime Minister noted.
Modi talked about the problem of drug addiction, citing a letter received from a citizen in this regard. He invited suggestions from public on how best to deal with this social problem and promised to speak on it during the next 'Mann Ki Baat' programme.
  He said youth are the asset of the country and the nation cannot afford to see them falling into the problem of drug abuse.

Why the World Bank is facing a crisis of confidence and what it means for IndiaWhy the World Bank is facing a crisis of confidence and what it means for India
Seema Sirohi Nov 2, 2014, 11.32AM IST
Tags:
(It's a searing lesson for…)
Because something is happening here But you don't know what it is, Do you, Mister Jones?
The lines from Bob Dylan's Ballad of a Thin Man, a furious inquisition of a philistine who enters a world he doesn't understand, aptly describe recent events at the World Bank where an "outsider" president, trying to restructure the largest development institution, is faced with fierce questioning on his ideas and methods.
Reorganizing a behemoth of 10,000 employees is no easy task but critics say that President Jim Yong Kim, a physician and anthropologist by training, has gone about his plan to slash $400 million with the delicacy of a hammer, not a scalpel. Anxiety among staff members is high, the morale low and uncertainty reigns.
It's a searing lesson for the BRICS countries as they go about setting up their development bank. The history of of the World Bank and its presidents could be a textbook on how not to be.
President Kim, a Korean American, is caught in a fullfledged culture war — development experts resent his topdown approach, insiders bristle at the outsider's arrogance, sensitized employees question his "dismissive" manner and watchdogs are appalled at his top dogs pocketing hefty bonuses while others get "nickeled and dimed".
The primary charges against Kim: a lack of transparency in the restructuring process, not releasing the budget for projects in time, creating a more centralized decision-making process while promising the opposite, selecting "yes men" of questionable expertise for top positions in newly created silos while firing well-respected managers and finally, losing sight of the clients which are the 188 member countries — for whom the Bank presumably exists.
Secondary charges: a general cluelessness, a proclivity towards control and an over reliance on outside consultants like McKinsey, Deloitte and Booz Allen. Their bill: $12.5 million.
The immediate cause for the open revolt earlier this month, which resulted in "work stoppages" and silent assemblies, was news that Bertrand Badre, the Bank's chief financial officer (CFO), had got an ostentatious bonus in the middle of cost cutting. The explosive information was meticulously dug out and collated by Fabrice Houdart, a young country director whose fearlessness has won him many fans.
Badre received a "scarce skills premium" of $189,000 over two years in addition to his annual salary of $379,000. More egregiously, the bonus came in fiscal year 2014 when the Bank took a financial hit of $203 million on bonds it owned in an Austrian bank that went under. "The decision is inexplicable in a year when the bank put zero money in reserves," said a source in the Bank's governing board of directors.
The Staff Association, experts and data crunchers, asked on September 25: "At a time of employment insecurity, staff downsizing and belt-tightening, we are mystified as to how president Kim and his senior management could be so blind to the optics."
A Sense of Fear
Now Houdart, the whistleblower, is apparently under investigation despite Kim's explicit promises that there would be no retaliation against those who spoke up. A three-man team went to Houdart's office on October 14 and removed the memory disk from his scanner without an explanation. The timing of the operation has led to questions about motives and created a sense of fear. "We have no comment," said the Bank's official spokesman David Theis.
"I have been placed under investigation...( but) let us not let ourselves be intimidated," Houdart wrote on the Bank's internal blog, a copy of which was obtained by ET Magazine. He is ostensibly being targeted for an alleged leak five months ago of an internal draft document on the Bank's new environmental and social safety standards. The document showed the Bank's intention to dilute those standards. Houdart said he had "no access" to the confidential document as a senior country officer.
Meanwhile, other bits of malodorous information about the creamy layer continue to trickle out — how Badre flew to Paris for D-Day celebrations on the Bank's dime, how he teaches a class in Paris and gets compensated. Theis said Badre's trips to Paris follow the Bank's "operational travel policies" and the ethics department had cleared his "small stipend" from the Paris institute.
But Caesar's wife must be above suspicion, as they say. Paul Cadario, a former senior manager of the Bank, says the continuous trickle of negative stories are symptoms of "a spreading lack of trust in leadership and in the example they set, which is far more damaging to the health and effectiveness of any organization, particularly one with goals as noble and important as the Bank's". Cadario, who retired in 2012 after 37 years at the Bank, is unimpressed with the way Kim has handled the process.

Niche e-tailers like Paytm benefit from buzz around Flipkart and Amazon salesAmazon
(What did people buy online…)
October was a good month for Flipkart, despite the controversy surrounding its Big Billion Day sale. The e-commerce company clocked over 8 million shipments last month; 3 million more than its usual 5 million shipments a month. Also, it added 2 million registered users in October, taking the total number to 28 million. Average visits to the portal shot up to 10 million from 6 million in September.
Now, here's a quick guessing game. What did people buy online during this festive season? Clothes? Electronics goods? Mobile phones? If these were your guesses, you are probably right. But that's not all what they purchased. They also bought packets of Kanpur's famous Thaggu ke Laddus, Lonavala chikki and Agra's famous pan pethas and other sweets online, according to Radhika Ghai Aggarwal, co-founder and chief marketing officer of ShopClues.com , an online marketplace on which 75,000 merchants from all over India sell 10.5 million products.
Rooted to Local Needs
"Unlike the big players (like Flipkart and Snapdeal), which are more like malls and focus on big-ticket items like electronic goods, we are more like a typical Indian marketplace," says Aggarwal. So, during Diwali, the portal sold everything from disco Diwali lights to local sweets to gifting items like silver coins embedded with images of Ganesha and Lakshmi . And the bestseller was? "A gold-plated set of playing cards," says Aggarwal.
Overall, ShopClues saw orders peaking to about 1,30,000 per month in September and October from about 75,000 per month during the rest of the year. Some 70% of ShopClues' orders come from Tier II and III cities. As a result, the buying patterns are also different. For instance, one of the topselling cellphone models on the portal is a brand called Josh, a dual-SIM handset that costs Rs 999.
Selling as much local merchandise as possible seems to the mantra for other e-tailers too. Paytm, a two-and-a-half-year-old Noida based start-up, started as a portal offering mobile recharging and facilitating utility bill payments. Soon, the company realized that customers had spare cash lying around in their online wallets, which it calls Paytm Cash. The sums varied between Rs 400 and Rs 700. So, Paytm started selling other stuff: jeans, t-shirts and USBs, among others. "During Diwali, we introduced local sweets, which did pretty well. We also sold lights and some seasonal clothing like ghagra cholis. USB sales also went up," says Pratyush Prasanna, vice-president at Paytm. The portal has 20 million registered users and six lakh orders a day.
Furniture e-tailer Pepperfry launched its first ever television commercial in late September to coincide with the festive season. Pepperfry chief executive Ambareesh Murty says business is up 70% month on month. "In general, during the second half of the year, people tend to buy more of everything from home furnishing to FMCG goods. There is a positive attitude towards consumption," says Murty. "People spend more on their homes — from getting them painted to buying new furniture. In October, our business has gone through the roof," he adds.
A Mixed Bag for Some
For some, the festive season is a mixed bag. Take Mumbai-based grocery e-tailer Local-Banya, for instance. "People tend to travel during this time and take a few days off. As a result, some amount of grocery shopping comes down," says Amit Bhartiya, cofounder of LocalBanya . "At the same time, there is an uptick in gifting-related shopping. The ease of online shopping makes the process of shopping for gifts, especially sweet or chocolate hampers, a lot easier," adds Bhartiya.
Lingerie e-tailer Zivame's sales peak in February, around Valentine's Day. But Diwali brings its own joy. "The category does well all year round but there is a spike around the festive season as people usually tend to buy apparel," says Richa Kar , cofounder and chief executive of Zivame.com , adding that sales are up 40% this season.
Founders of such niche verticals have a special 'thank you' for the big boys of ecommerce. "Thanks to some of the big advertising spends of large e-tailers, consumer awareness and willingness to shop online has increased. It has helped everybody that the likes of Amazon , Flipkart and Snapdeal of the world spend as much as they have in publicity," says a founder of an e-commerce vertical who preferred to be off-record on this one. Over to the next Big Billion Day sale.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold may slip to Rs 24 500 by December. Here...Gold
(MCX gold was at Rs 26,143…)
MUMBAI: Gold prices are likely to decline further to around Rs 24,500 per 10 grams by December if the rupee continues to rule at the current level, according to analysts.
"We expect the gold prices to remain bearish and if the rupee continue to rule at current level the yellow metal may touch Rs 24,500 level by December. We expect gold to consolidate in a week or two, then continue to decline further from mid or end of December," Motilal Oswal Associate Vice President - Commodities - Kishore Narne told PTI here.
MCX gold was at Rs 26,143 per 10 grams on Saturday while in the international market it was at $1,173.30 an ounce.
The major fundamental behind the bearishness of gold is the improving US economy, Narne said.
"The better than expected economic condition in the US is likely to lead to rise in interest rates, which will further strengthen the US dollar that will put more pressure on gold," he said.
In the international market gold is expected to rule at $1,080-1,120 level by the end of this year, he added.
Echoing the view, Commtrendz Research Director Gnanasekar Thiagarajan said the prices are expected to be around Rs 25,000-25,500 by December if the rupee continues at the current 61 level.
The further decline in prices may lead to production cuts, which is likely to be positive for gold and help in firming up of prices of the yellow metal, he said.
In the international market, gold is likely to be at $1,100-1,075 level by December.
"The bearishness is mostly due to strengthening of US dollar, which is leading to bullishness in the equity markets putting pressure on commodities across the board, including gold," he added.
Naveen Mathur, Associate Director, Commodities and Currencies, Angel Broking said expectation of interest rate hike by mid next year, improving US economy, bearish trend in crude price, stable geo-political issues and strengthening US dollar will put pressure on gold prices in the mid term.
"Gold is expected to be around Rs 25,500 level by December, after which it may begin to firm up on higher demand triggered by lower prices," he said.
In the global markets gold is expected to rule at $1,150-1,175 an ounce by December.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sterlite Technologies to invest Rs 900 cr over next one yearHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sterlite Technologies to invest Rs 900 cr over next one year
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 2:  
Vedanta Group firm Sterlite Technologies, which is into heavy electrical equipment in the power and telecom sectors, will be investing up to Rs 900 crore in the next 12 months.
“We have a plan of investing Rs 8,000 crore till FY19 and we will invest Rs 800-900 crore in the next one year as part of the same plan,” company’s chief executive Anand Agarwal told PTI.
He said the company is undertaking multiple projects as part of an eight-year plan, which will be implemented as part of the capex plan.
The company, which is 55 per cent owned by a holding company owned by mining and resources major Vedanta Group, will raise around three-fourths of the capital requirement by raising debt, while the rest will be equity, he said.
The company has reported a marginal increase in the September quarter net income at Rs 13 crore as against Rs 12 crore in the year-ago period.
Agarwal said the profit growth has been restricted by interest payment of Rs 42 crore during the quarter as against Rs 16 crore a year ago.
“We are in the investment phase, therefore we are devoting a lot of resources to debt payments. The investments we are putting in will start delivering returns soon,” he added.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Construction projects worth Rs 9 lakh crore stalled till June 30: ICRAConstruction projects worth Rs 9 lakh crore stalled till June 30: ICRA
Is there a pattern to BJP s growth across countryIs there a pattern to BJP s growth across country
Finance Commission s term extendedNew Delhi, Nov 2:  
The Centre has extended the term of the 14th Finance Commission by two months to December 31.
The YV Reddy headed commission--which was to originally submit its report by October 31--had sought two months extension.
The extension was being sought to examine financial projections, carry out consultations with the Government of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana in view of the additional term of reference to it.
"The proposal of extension of time period by two monhs for submission of report by the fourteenth finance commission has been considered and approved by the Cabinet", said an official release issued here on Saturday.
The Fourteenth Finance Commission report will cover the five year period April 1, 2015 to March 31, 2020.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Burdwan blast: One among NIAs 12 most wanted is quack dentist inAssamPrint
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval accompanied by National Security Guard (NSG) Chief J N Choudhury, NIA Director General Sharad Kumar and Intelligence Bureau(IB) chief Asif Ibrahim inspecting the blast site at Khagragarh in Burdwan district. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 2, 2014 2:03 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 2:04 pm
One among the twelve persons declared as “most wanted” by the NIA with the agency also announcing cash rewards for information leading to their arrest, is a self-styled dentist and popularly known as “doctor” in rural areas in Barpeta, a lower Assam district which has a sizeable Muslim population.
More importantly, this man – Sahanur Alom – has been trying to propagate Salafi sect of Islam, for which he had only recently invited the wrath of fellow villagers after he had organized an Eid namaz on the day a sizeable population do in Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Kuwait and some other countries, which is one day ahead of Eid prayers in India.
Alom had brought a group of some 70 strangers to the village and organized an Eid prayer on July 28, one day ahead of Eid prayers in India. Local Muslims opposed to Eid prayers one day before the actual date, also beat up Sahanur and several other persons who had come to the village that day. A burqa-clad woman who had come with the group in a “big” car also shot visuals of the special namaz, local reports said.
Thirty-three year old Alom alias “doctor”, who hails from village Chatala under Sarthebari police station in Barpeta, has disappeared about a week after the October 2 blast in Khagragarh in Burdwan (West Bengal). His parents said Alom had left for his in-laws village along with his wife and two children, but the police have not found him there. NIA had yesterday announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh to anybody who can provide information leading to his arrest.
The Assam Police meanwhile have arrested his brother Zakaria on charges of having links with Jamatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB). Earlier, the Assam Police had arrested six others – Shaikhul Islam @ Abdullah (20), Rafikul Islam (39), Md. Shiraj Ali Khan (53), Jahuruddin (60), Golam Usmani (23) and Sarbesh Ali (35) – all from different villages in Barpeta district.
While local police suspect Alom has been associated with JMB for about three years or so, NIA has found evidence of his frequent trips to Burdwan and other places in West Bengal. Third son of Majibar Rahman, a primary school teacher who commands considerable respect in the village, Alom however was popular as a “doctor” who would treat villagers of dental problems and even extract teeth with some medical equipments that he carried with him.
The Assam Police meanwhile is on the look-out for Alom’s wife Sajina, who hails from Chenimari Borpitha village in the same continued…

Banks yet to restrict free ATM transactions in metrosBanks yet to restrict free ATM transactions in metros
Modi Vows To Bring Back Black Money From Foreign AccountsModi Vows To Bring Back Black Money From Foreign Accounts
HDFC Childrens Gift Savings plan: BuyTweet
This conservative fund has done well both in rising and falling markets
The sharp rally in equities has left many investors wary of testing the waters. For such investors, a debt-oriented balanced fund, which allocates 10-25 per cent in equity and the balance in debt instruments, is a good option. While these funds provide healthy returns in a rising market, they also lend stability in a falling market.
HDFC Children’s Gift Savings plan is one such fund worth investing in. The fund’s one- and three-year returns are 23 per cent and 11.7 per cent, far higher than its benchmark — CRISIL MIP Blended Index — returns. The double-digit returns delivered by this fund since its inception have beaten inflation too.
Track record
HDFC Children’s Gift Savings Fund has been consistent, beating both benchmark and category average. . For instance in 2011, when the Sensex lost 24 per cent, the fund notched up a gain of 4 per cent (the benchmark delivered 1.7 per cent).
Investors have gained during boom times as well. In the 2009 rally as well as the very recent one in 2014, the fund has delivered a healthy 18-23 per cent return.
Portfolio
The fund has invested about 18 per cent in equities over the last five years, which has helped deliver good returns. It adopts a buy-and-hold strategy and does not churn its portfolio very often. On the equity front, since January this year, the fund has increased its exposure to banks such as ICICI Bank, SBI, Axis Bank and Indian Bank. It also added to auto ancillary holdings through stocks such as Sundaram Fasteners, Suprajit Engineering and Balkrishna Industries. It reduced its holdings in pharma and software stocks. Other than banks, the fund’s top holdings include Infosys.
On the debt side, the fund has invested 44 per cent in government bonds and 31 per cent in non-convertible debentures. It increased its average maturity from 2.5 years in January to 6.9 years now, clearly taking an aggressive call on interest rates. With interest rates ruling high, any downward reversal will benefit the fund.
The only weak link is the fund’s high expense ratio at 2.6 per cent, which may eat into returns.
Growth option
If you are not particular about periodic cash flows, go for the growth option instead of dividend payout. This is because post Budget, there has been an increase in dividend distribution tax. The company has to pay a dividend distribution tax on the dividend before it gives it to the investor.
Unlike interest earned on deposits, which is taxed as per your tax slab, returns from the fund will be taxed when redeemed. If you hold it for over three years, you can reduce your tax outgo through indexation.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

Im writing as my therapist said I needed closure© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48d82c86-60a9-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoJ s stimulus a welcome move for markets: Axis SecArun Thukral
(The announcement from the…)
In a chat with ET Now, Arun Thukral, MD & CEO, Axis Securities, talks about the market and shares his views on the Bank of Japan's easing of monetary policy. Excerpts:
ET Now: The Bank of Japan's decision to basically crank up its monetary stimulus seems to have given our markets quite a boost. What did you make of it?
Arun Thukral: The announcement from the Bank of Japan was a welcome move for the markets and that is why we saw this roaring rally. They have added around 30 trillion yen. So, that makes around 70% of the US QE, which is a big number for us. The kind of news that we are getting everyday is adding optimism to the markets. The way crude has reacted in the last three months, say around 25% drop from an all-time high, has brought inflation under control. This may lead to a rate cut by the RBI. So all in all, I have never seen the positive confidence of all such factors, which is playing into the markets today.
ET Now: The Nifty has crossed 8300 on a closing basis. The Sensex is just 100 points away from 28,000. Do you see more steam in this rally?
Arun Thukral: Yes, I think so, because if you look at the overall Sensex PE or EPS, we are at around 17 PE and maybe in the peak time, if you look at 2009, it went up to 25 PE. What we have seen so far is a PE expansion, which is a price-led rally, and if we look at other factors - inflation, CAD, fiscal deficit -- we think that corporate earnings are set to improve. When that comes, it will be an earning led-growth and the PE will contract. So I feel that this is a great time for the market.
ET Now: What have you made of the corporate earnings so far, the big boys like Bharti, ITC, Infosys seem to have just delivered?
Arun Thukral: The big numbers are already out, whether it is the banking sector or maybe if you look at the Infosys number or if you look at the Bharti number. Maruti results were great. So all in all, we can see that turnaround. We can see the earnings improving. They have more or less bottomed out and some of them have actually reversed. So that is a positive hint to the market.
ET Now: DIIs have also pumped in a record Rs 4400 crore in October alone and interestingly it is led largely by mutual funds. Would you say that we are seeing the return of the retail investor finally?
Arun Thukral: We have seen a huge increase in the retail participation. In the last few months, after the Lok Sabha election results, there is a huge increase in the turnover. We saw around 10,000 crore were pumped in one month in July. So we were already getting FII flows, which as on date are maybe more than 13 billion. If you look at the retail participation in 2008 when the last rally was there, it was around 65%, which was 65% of daily cash turnover. Now it is around 39%, which dropped to as low as 34% last year. Now it is again on the uptrend. If I look at the number of accounts opening, if I look at the number of new Demat accounts, there is a clear growth pattern. So we are very happy that finally the retail investor is also participating in the India story.
  ET Now: What happens to those then who did not quite manage to participate and are now feeling a bit left out? What should their approach be?
Arun Thukral: Many people who wanted to participate were waiting on the sidelines actually now has a fear of losing money. So what we suggest to our retail investor that whenever you have money, you should invest and obviously the retail investor has to follow asset allocation model. If a retail investor has time and if he understands stocks, he should get into quality large caps and midcaps. But if he does not have time or if he does not understand the market, mutual fund is again the route. So, maybe that depends on the retail investor, but the time for entering the market is now. If you have money, obviously we never suggest that you over leverage, but yes, you should put money in Indian equities and participate in the India story.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold  Silver Prices Recover on Scattered BuyingYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold, Silver Recover on Scattered Buying
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 15:03 (IST)
Gold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
New Delhi: After two days of losses, gold prices recovered by Rs 50 to Rs 26,550 per 10 gram in the national capital Saturday on buying at prevailing levels by jewellers and retailers even as metal remained weak overseas.
Silver followed suit and gained Rs 100 to Rs 36,250 per kg on scattered enquiries from industrial units.
Traders said revival of buying by ornament makers and retailers at existing levels, mainly supported the upside in gold prices.
They said, however, a weakening trend overseas, capped the gains on the domestic markets here.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity recovered by Rs 50 each to Rs 26,550 and Rs 26,350 per 10 grams, respectively, after losing Rs 1,000 in the previous two days.
Globally, gold fell by 2.3 per cent to $1,171.60 an ounce in New York Friday as strengthening dollar eroded demand.
Sovereigns, however, remained under pressure and fell by another Rs 100 to Rs 23,800 per piece of eight grams.
Silver ready traded Rs 100 higher at Rs 36,250 per kg and weekly-based delivery rose by Rs 220 to Rs 35,800 per kg.
On the other hand, silver coins held steady at Rs 61,000 for buying and Rs 62,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 15:01 (IST)

Orissa court sends suspended BJD MLA on 14 day remand to CBI in chit fund scamPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:49 pm
A court in the city on Saturday allowed the CBI to take on remand for 14 days the suspended BJD MLA Pravat Tripathy, who was arrested on Friday in the multi crore chit fund scam. Tripathy, the first politician to be arrested so far in the chit fund scam,has been accsued by the CBI of hatching a criminal conspiracy with chit fund group Artha Tatwa and receiving huge sum from it.
On October 20, the Orissa High Court had rejected Tripathy’s anticipatory bail application as CBI argued that granting bail to the MLA would harm the case as the money trail in the scam is yet to be established. CBI sources said the seizure of a 153-page document on Artha Tatwa from Tripathy’s bedroom was a crucial document to link Tripathy with the chit fund group.
Tripathy who was arrested by the CBI on Friday, was forwarded to court this afternoon. The CBI asked for a 14 day remand for further interrogations.
Earlier in the day doctors conducted a health check up on him at the CBI office here and found his health condition normal. Tripathy, however claimed he was in no way connected with the chit fund scam.
The senior BJD leader’s suspension has however created a rift within the party with BJD MP from Cuttack, Bhartruhari Mahtab defending Tripathy and calling his suspension from the party as ‘unjustified’.
“Pravat Babu has done a lot for our party as well for the state. I fail to understand what happened in the last three days that warranted his arrest by the CBI. During the hearing on his anticipatory bail in the High Court, the CBI had said that they have nothing against him, but only wanted to interrogate him,” said Mahtab.
However, BJD spokesman Samir Das said it was Mahtab’s personal opinion. “The party has nothing to do with it. Leave the CBI, even the High Court felt that there was prima facie evidence against him. The party president had no other way but to suspend him from the party,” he said.

Are quantum dots the next big thing in TV techAre Quantum Dots the Next Big Thing in TV Tech?
LCD picture quality may soon take a quantum leap.
Lee Neikirk
November 01, 2014
You probably don't spend much time operating on the quantum level—at least not consciously. But soon, your TV might.
Earlier this week, LG Electronics announced a plan to implement quantum dot technology in its 2015 lineup of LCD televisions.
With quantum dot technology, LG hopes to bridge the gap between the death of plasma and the viability of OLED.
LG's Jung Do-hyun confirmed that the company will pursue "a dual-track strategy" with quantum dot and OLED tech, according to a report by Reuters . In the battle for the best picture, LG "has no choice but to release quantum dot TVs to make sure it doesn't lose ground to Samsung while OLED continues to develop," claims HDC fund manager Park Jung-hoon.
With plasma TV officially dead and buried , the title of picture quality king is up for grabs. OLED tech is the leading candidate, but manufacturing costs are still too high for mass-market adoption. By implementing quantum dot technology, LG hopes to bridge the gap between the death of plasma and the viability OLED panels.
Don't expect to see the new tech right away, though. Production at the new quantum dot plant in South Korea reportedly won't begin until next year.
Sony's "Trilumonos" equipped TVs use a version of quantum dot tech that expands the traditional LCD color space. (Image credit: Sony.com)
Quantum dots (a phrase coined by physicist Mark Reed ) are nano-crystals so small that they exhibit "quantum" behavior, meaning their exact physical properties exist in a more variable state than large objects within the realm of general relativity. These tiny "dots" emit purer, more vivid colors than traditional LED TVs. In fact, the colors created by quantum dots are comparable to the incredible color profile of OLED displays .
Quantum dots are nano-crystals that are so small they exhibit quantum behavior.
Sony has also been flirting with quantum dot technology since at least 2013, and we wouldn't be surprised to see adoption by other brand-name TV makers as soon as this January's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
Hero image: Flickr user "clancefield" (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
LG 55EC9300 55-Inch 1080p 3D Curved OLED TV
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

Gen-next biz leaders  stock wealth rises to ...Akshata Murthy
(Similarly, the value of…)
NEW DELHI: As record stock market rally continues, the value of shares directly owned by next-generation business leaders at 20 major corporate houses has soared over 18 per cent to Rs 17,000 crore so far this year.
This includes value of shares owned by the children of top executives and promoters of the listed blue-chips such as Infosys, Cipla, Sun Pharma and the Reliance groups, while excluding the family holdings and equity owned through other entities such as trusts.
Collectively, the value of their holdings has risen by Rs 2,600 crore (18.2 per cent), from about Rs 14,000 crore at the end of 2013.
Topping the charts, the children of Infosys founders saw the value of their combined shareholding soar by 14 per cent to Rs 12,200 crore in the first 10 months this year. The total value of their combined shareholding had soared by over 50 per cent to Rs 10,720 crore during 2013.
Among them, Akshata Murthy and Rohan Murty saw the value of their shares top the Rs 6,500 crore mark. Similarly, the value of shares allotted to former Infosys CEO Nandan Nilekani's children Nihar and Jahnavi rose to nearly Rs 1,350 crore, as an analysis of data available on the BSE.
The next-generation of other Infosys co-promoters like Meghana (Kris Gopalakrishnan), Divya & Deeksha (K Dinesh), Shruti and Shreyas (S D Shibulal) saw their holdings rise to Rs 245 crore, Rs 1,115 crore and Rs 2,978 crore respectively.
Value of holdings of Wipro Chairman Azim Premji's sons Rishad and Tariq, however, at Rs 53.6 crore saw marginal rise as shares of the IT major were flat from last year-end.
Among other notable winners, Aalok Shanghvi, son of Sun Pharma founder Dilip Shanghvi, and his sister Vidhi's combined kitty rode on the back of over 46 per cent uptick in the drug maker's stock price to touch about Rs 485 crore. Aalok is senior general manager of international business at the firm.
There has also been robust rise in wealth of children of Cipla's M K Hameid, Kamil and Samina as value of holdings soared by Rs 550 crore. In 2013, gains were marginal. Siblings Kamil, who is chief strategy officer of Cipla, and Samina hold shares worth about Rs 1,390 crore.
Sons of Wockhardt promoter Habil Khorakiwala -- Murtaza (Managing Director) and Huzaifa (Executive Director) - saw 75 per cent rise in holdings at Rs 34 crore.
Country's richest man Mukesh Ambani's children saw a moderate rise in their portfolio. RIL stock rose about 14 per cent in 2014 after inching up 6 per cent in 2013.
The combined value of RIL shares held by Isha, Akash and Anant Ambani topped Rs 680 crore mark at October-end. The 22 year-old US educated Isha and Akash were recently appointed directors on board of Reliance Industries' telecom and retail ventures.
The market performance of Anil Ambani-led group firms was a mixed bag. Consequently, holdings of his children - Jaianmol and Jaianshul - stood at over Rs 30 crore. In a reversal of trends seen in 2013, value of shares of group's telecom arm Reliance Communications fell while financial services unit Reliance Cap and infrastructure firm R-Infra gained in 2014.
Godrej scions - Tanya, Pirojsha, Nisaba and Firoze - saw value of holdings rise to Rs 1,045 crore compared to about Rs 960 crore via shares held in Godrej Industries and Godrej Consumer. Shares rose by 10-14 per cent in 10 months of 2014.
O P Jindal group's next-gen leaders Tarini, Tanvi and Parth's holdings in JSPL, JSW Steel and JSW Energy saw total kitty rise to Rs 776 crore, compared to Rs 560 crore in 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vadra made Rs 44 crore windfall gain in Haryana land deals: CAGThe comptroller and auditor general has faulted Robert Vadra's land deals in Haryana, saying he reaped nearly Rs 44 crore.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The comptroller and auditor general has faulted Robert Vadra's land deals in Haryana, saying he reaped nearly Rs 44 crore in windfall gains because an indulgent Congress government allowed him to do so in breach of law, and did not insist on recovering Rs 41.51 crore of the profit he made by quickly selling the land to DLF Universal.
In its first draft report on land deals in Haryana under the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government, the auditor has said that Vadra's Skylight Hospitality Private Limited was allowed to develop a commercial colony when it had just Rs 1 lakh in its kitty. "The department (of town and country planning) ignored the aspect of the financial capacity of the colonizer," said the report.
The land was soon sold to DLF Universal for Rs 58 crore, with Skylight Hospitality making a neat profit of Rs 43.66 crore.
The CAG draft report underlines that the bilateral agreement between the state government and Skylight Hospitality required Vadra's company to retain only Rs 2.15 crore, and pass on the rest to the government account. Since Vadra's company had altogether spent Rs 14.3 crore — Rs 7.5 crore towards land purchase and another Rs 6.84 crore on security and licence fees and conversion charges — the draft report says the Hooda government should have realized Rs 41.5 crore from Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law.
"As per bilateral agreement referred ibid, the developer was required to retain a profit of Rs 2.15 crore after developing the project but in the instant case the firm earned a profit of Rs 43.66 crore by selling this licence to DLF but had not deposited the profit i.e. Rs 41.51 crore in the government account," the draft report mentions.
The draft report was sent to Haryana government on September 22 when Hooda, who maintained that no favour was extended to Vadra, was still in office. With the regime change, it is the Manohar Lal Khattar-led BJP government which has to respond to the audit findings.
The BJP highlighted Vadra's controversial land deals during the campaign for both Lok Sabha and Haryana elections, with Prime Minister Modi himself leading the charge by raising how the Hooda government reversed the decision of IAS officer Ashok Khemka not to regularize the land purchase by Priyanka Gandhi's spouse.
Khemka, who accused the Hooda government of harassing him for objecting to Vadra's controversial transactions, also questioned the source of Rs 7.5 crore with which he purchased 3.5 acres of land, suggesting that it was not his own money.
The CAG findings tie in with assertions made by Khemka who was removed as director general (land holdings and land records) and inspector general (registration) after he raised objections to the manner in which Vadra acquired the land and later sold it off to DLF Universal at a huge profit.
The report on Vadra is part of a larger exercise CAG has undertaken to scrutinize land deals under Hooda — an issue which the BJP successfully used against Congress in the state polls, showcasing his alleged favours to Vadra, emblematic of the pattern where state government allowed the conversion of land use to benefit chosen developers.
Page 1 of 2

Bullishness in mkts to continue; earnings to set toneBullishness in markets to continue; earnings, key data to set tone
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 03.34PM IST
Tags:
Bullishness
(Some of the other factors…)
NEW DELHI: The stock market, which has hit back-to-back new highs, is expected to remain bullish in the holiday-shortened week, wherein earnings announcements and key macroeconomic data would dictate the trend, experts say.
Some of the other factors that are likely to impact stock market movement include, trend in global equity markets and investment activity of foreign institutional investors.
Trading would be truncated this week as the stock market would remain closed on Tuesday, November 4, on account of Muharram and on Thursday, November 6, on account of Gurunanak Jayanti.
The Sensex concluded last week at 27,865.83, showing a robust rise of 1,014.78 points, or 3.78 per cent. Similarly, the Nifty finished at 8,322.20, breaching the 8,300-mark for the first time.
"We firmly believe the upward bias will extend further and sectors like banking, auto will continue to outperform in the coming week as well," Religare Securities President-retail distribution Jayant Manglik said.
Bonanza Portfolio Associate Fund Manager Hiren Dhakan said, markets would remain bullish for the coming week atleast and 7900-7950 would act as a strong support to Nifty over the medium term.
This week market would see a lot of data pouring in like the HSBC Manufacturing PMI data and HSBC India Services PMI. Besides, auto and cement companies would report their monthly sales figures.
In addition quarterly results would have stock-specific impact this week. Major earnings this week include those from, Dabur India, Hexaware, IRB, Canara Bank, Aurobindo Pharma, Jet Airways, L&T, Marico, Syndicate Bank and UCO Bank.
"In the near term, focus will consistently remain on further reform initiatives," Kotak Securities Head- Private Client Group Research Dipen Shah said, adding that Winter session of the Parliament will be closely watched for GST, land reforms, etc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 10 blue-chips add Rs 97 648 crore to m-cap; TCS top gainerCoal India
NEW DELHI: As the BSE Sensex gained over 1,000 points last week, the top 10 companies saw a combined addition of over Rs 97,648 crore to market capitalisation during the past week.
Each of these firms saw its m-cap rise but the biggest gainer was TCS which added Rs 27,255.70 crore to its market worth. Its m-cap swelled to Rs 5,10,160.5 crore.
TCS remained at number one, followed by ONGC, Reliance , ITC, Coal India , Infosys, HDFC Bank, State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
After TCS, RIL and Infosys added the most to their value during the week ended October 31. Both RIL and Infosys added over Rs 14,000 crore to their market capitalisation.
RIL added Rs 14,960.02 crore, with its m-cap swelling to Rs 3,23,201.52 crore.
Infosys' valuations improved by Rs 14,106.10 crore to Rs 2,32,648.91 crore, while Coal India's m-cap moved up by Rs 10,485.15 crore to Rs 2,33,294.92 crore.
Country's leading public sector lender SBI added Rs 8,906.60 crore, following which its valuation improved to Rs 2,01,697.92 crore, while Sun Pharma's market capitalisation swelled by Rs 7,331.70 crore to Rs 1,75,122.21 crore.
ICICI Bank added Rs 5,695.60 crore during last week. Accordingly, its m-cap improved to Rs 1,88,129.8 crore. ITC added Rs 3,790.85 crore to its value; HDFC Bank - Rs 3,790.52 crore and ONGC - Rs 1,326.07 crore.
During the week, Sensex added 1,014.78 points to close at 27,865.83 points.
The NSE Nifty, comprising 50 scrips, breached the 8,300- mark for the first time to touch lifetime high of 8,330.75. It closed the week on Friday at a new high of 8,322.20, surging 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lawtoons: A comic series to teach children their rightsComments
A schoolboy named Pugloo wakes up one morning and finds that a circus troupe has pitched tent in front of his house. It's summer; school is out and he had planned to sleep late every morning. Instead, he is kept up all night and awakened at dawn by the loud noise of rehearsals.
He would have liked to say something, but he's been taught about freedom of speech and expression in school, and he has understood it to mean that he cannot object to the noise of the circus.
In a new comic series created by Ahmedabad-based sisters Kelly, 27, and Kanan Dhru, 30, both lawyers, Pugloo learns about fundamental rights and fundamental duties, and how there are laws relating to violations of both. "I first suggested the idea of creating a comic series for children about laws at a May 2013 meeting of the Ahmedabad hub of Global Shapers [a community youth leaders initiative of the World Economic Forum]," says Kanan, a graduate of the London School of Economics.
Lawtoons
Kelly was studying for a Master's in legal philosophy at Oxford University at the time. "We spoke on the phone and felt the idea was worth executing," says Kelly. "Law and legal cases are so hard for the general public to understand. We thought a graphic book series would help children become familiar, at least with the basics."
The sisters named their comic Lawtoons and put it up on a crowd-funding website for donations. In June this year, after a nail-biting three months, they reached their target of Rs. 275,000. The first volume in the series is now set for release next week.
Through their non-profit organisation Research Foundation for Governance in India (RFGI), the Dhru sisters had already been conducting workshops on the Constitution, fundamental rights and democracy, in schools across Ahmedabad. "A workshop on human rights was held here in March, the second RFGI session in two years. It was inspiring to see professionals taking the initiative to teach children about our Constitution," says Lisa Chazot, humanities teacher at Mahatma Gandhi International School. "The session was very well received by our students."
With the comic series, the sisters realised that they could take some of that educational content to a wider audience.
First, they created a 10-page prototype, which they tested on two municipal and three private schools in Ahmedabad over six months, starting in October last year. An additional session was conducted in association with local environmental awareness group World Around You (WAY) "A total of 200 students from the five schools attended our joint session and the results were very positive," says Karishma Panchal, programme coordinator at WAY. "Students identified with the character Pugloo and seemed excited to learn about the law by following him on his adventures."
A group of legal experts and animation and design specialists helped structure the stories. Among these was Sekhar Mukherjee, head of animation film design at the National Institute of Design (NID), Ahmedabad, and Margie Sastry, writer and former associate editor at Amar Chitra Katha. "The law is complicated, even for professional lawyers sometimes," says Bhadrish Raju, an advocate at the Gujarat high court, who is now working to have it introduced as reading material at juvenile homes. "Lawtoons helps make it easier and more fun for children to understand the basics at a very young age."
Adds Sastry: "This is the best time to experiment with this form, even for a serious subject like law, because youngsters these days are very cued in to visual media."
We found this project to be an exciting culmination of two very different professions and were happy to contribute to this project and help spread awareness of basic laws among children, says Mukherjee.
The illustrations were created by Anish Daolagupu, an illustrator and NID alum. "Once I understood the concept, it became extremely easy to bring the characters to life," says Daolagupu. "While the first edition deals with basic laws, future editions will likely appeal to adults as well."
Ahmedabad Global Shapers is funding the self-publication of the first 1,000 copies of the first volume. Work on the second volume has already begun, and over the next year, the sisters plan to launch a book series, an interactive website and smartphone app that explain basic laws, legal clauses and rights relating to children, the environment and women's issues, in language simple enough for a child of 10 to understand.
(To order the first edition of the comic book series, email kanan@rfgindia.org or log on to www.lawtoons.in . Part of the first volume will also be available free online, on lawtoons.in)

PE investment in realty sector jumps over 2-fold to Rs 8 900 crPE investment in realty sector jumps over 2-fold to Rs 8,900 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 2:  
Private equity investment in the real estate sector jumped more than two-fold to Rs 8,900 crore till September this year as developers were forced to raise funds from PE firms to meet their capital requirements, property consultant Cushman & Wakefield said.
“This year alone PE funds have invested close to Rs 8,900 crore (USD 1.5 billion) in the real estate sector until September 2014, more than double the amount invested during the corresponding period in 2013 (Rs 4,270 crore/USD 0.7 billion),” C&W said in a report.
PE investments in the realty sector during the first three quarters of 2014 have surpassed the total investment levels for 2013 by 21 per cent, it added.
“This substantial increase in investments has been predominantly in under construction residential projects followed by acquisitions of leased office assets,” the report said.
Total number of deals also increased to 46 in the first three quarters of 2014 compared to 40 in the whole of 2013.
“Post the global economic slowdown in 2008, the RBI had discouraged banks from providing capital to the real estate sector. This led to an increase in cost of capital for developers borrowing from other lending sources, which was quite high and availability for which was limited.
“To meet capital requirements, developers are increasingly partnering with PE funds,” C&W said.
The consultant said that investment activity, which was vibrant in the first two quarters of 2014, gained further momentum in the third quarter.
“Investments worth Rs 4,900 crore (USD 0.8 billion) were committed during the third quarter. While domestic funds contributed majorly (57 per cent) to the overall investments in 2013, foreign funds dominated in the first three quarters of 2014 with a 69 per cent share in overall PE investments,” the report said.
In terms of locations, Delhi-NCR, Mumbai and Chennai witnessed increased investments from PE funds during the first three quarters of 2014, with an increase in both transaction volume and number of deals from the corresponding period last year. Investment levels in Bengaluru remained stable while it declined in Pune.
About 41 per cent (Rs 3,670 crore /USD 0.6 billion) of the total investments during the first three quarters of 2014 was witnessed in Delhi—NCR, which is an increase of close to 6 times compared to the first three quarters of 2013. In NCR, the PE investments were primarily in leased office assets.
By asset—class, office sector attracted highest PE investments at Rs 4,420 crore. Residential sector witnessed investments of close to Rs 4,180 crore while retail sector saw PE investments of Rs 300 crore.
Investor interest in the hospitality sector remained low with no investments in the segment recorded till September 2014.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Branded  ready-to-eat food on trains hits pricing roadblockBranded, ready-to-eat food on trains hits pricing roadblock
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 2:  
Rail travellers will have to wait for a few more days to get branded, ready-to-eat meals on their journeys as the railways and packaged food manufacturers are busy sorting out pricing issues.
Flooded with complaints about the quality of the food served on trains, the Railways had decided to provide ready—to—eat food as an additional option for its passengers by October 30.
Even as he admitted that determining the prices for the branded food items was a factor that has led to the delay in the launch of the new menu on mail and express trains, Railway Member (Traffic), DP Pande, said, “It is being resolved now.”
While Railways is averse to the high price demand of the food manufacturers, the latter maintain that the rate of pre-cooked food like pav bhaji, chicken biryani, rajma chawal served up in sealed packages will be a bit more than the prices of the standard meals available in pantry cars.
“We have made them agree to our approved rate and now the policy is being finalised and expected to be rolled out in a month from now,” Pande said.
He, however, said that the option will be launched on a select few trains in the first phase and more trains will be covered later on. It would be made available on mail and express trains which have a pantry car.
The service is likely to be initially launched on trains such as Karnataka Express, Frontier Mail, Paschim Express where the trial of these pre—cooked food items are already being carried out.
A committee comprising health officials and senior rail officials has been formed to examine the quality, hygienic condition and protein value of the packaged food.
Since these items are pre—cooked, the committee will have to certify about its bacteria—free shelf life, said a senior railway ministry official.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Sena asks BJP to spell out concrete proposalComments
A day after Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as Maharashtra's 27th chief minister, the Shiv Sena reportedly asked the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to spell out a concrete proposal on ministerial berth allocation ahead of a trust vote in the state assembly likely in the second week of November.
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis greets PM Narendra Modi after the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Even though uncertainty continues over whether the estranged allies will join hands to form a stable government in the state, the Sena on Saturday sent out indications that the talks will go on in a "positive manner".
"Sena president Uddhav Thackeray had detailed discussion with BJP leaders Amit Shah and Arun Jaitley yesterday (Friday)," party spokesperson Neelam Gorhe said.
"I am sure Sena and BJP representatives (in Maharashtra) will have positive talks," she added.
Discussions between the BJP and the Sena over a possible patch-up have remained topsy-turvy and inconclusive so far. The BJP and the Sena, which has 63 MLAs in the state, parted ways ahead of the assembly elections after 25 years of bonhomie following differences over sharing of seats.
Uddhav backtracked on his decision to give Fadnavis' swearing in a miss and arrived at the Wankhede Stadium on Friday after being approached by senior BJP leaders, hinting at a rapprochment between the saffron parties.
Earlier, the Sena had resolved to skip the event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, citing "constant humiliation" by the BJP.
However, Sena MP Vinayak Raut later said BJP president Amit Shah had assured Uddhav of a positive decision on participation of his party in the new government.
The BJP, which has 122 seats in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly, needs 23 more legislators to reach the magic figure. BJP legislator, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack last Sunday. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP's tally is around 135.
Meanwhile, Sena MP and Uddhav's emissary, Anil Desai, is said to have spoken to Union finance minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday, conveying to him the Sena's request of completing the discussion before the trust vote.
A source indicated that the Sena's demand of getting one-third of the ministerial posts in the government still remained. For now, the party is said to have demanded 10 seats, considering the government will have 30 ministerial berths.
Asked about reports that Sena had demanded deputy chief minister's post too and threatened to sit in opposition if the BJP didn't comply, state BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said, "We don't comment on any unofficial report."
When contacted, a Sena leader, however, said there was no harm if the outfit got the key post.
The Fadnavis government will seek a vote of confidence in his government during a special session of the assembly beginning on November 11, official sources had said on Friday.
Governor C Vidyasagar Rao has given Fadnavis 15 days from the day of his government was sworn in to prove its majority in the 288-member House.
The NCP, which has 41 MLAs, has offered unconditional support to the BJP. If the NCP abstains from voting, the BJP will get an upper hand and will be in an advantageous position to form a minority government.
"We are still ready to sit in the opposition if the BJP does not give us respectable portfolios. Yesterday (Friday) Uddhavji obliged keeping the respect of senior BJP leaders who invited him. Now everything depends on what offer we get from the BJP," said a senior Sena legislator.
Sena sounds caution
The Sena cautioned Fadnavis on Saturday against taking the people for granted and asked him to fulfil the expectations of the common man.
 
"The new government is like a newly-wed woman who initially pleases her mother-in-law. In this case the mother- in-law is the people of Maharashtra. You cannot take people for granted. They have the power to pull your ears when you err," an editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamna said.
 
This is the first lesson the new government will have to learn, the Sena added.
Fadnavis in action
Fadnavis visited the Bal Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park on Saturday evening in a move that sent positive signals to the Sena camp.
He also held his first cabinet meeting during which he vowed to work for the people of the state.
A day after taking charge, the 44-year-old leader reviewed the status of key departments.
 
The chief minister assessed presentations of finance, agriculture, home and energy departments.
 
The secretaries of the concerned departments explained the status of projects of these departments.
 
Fadnavis, who is believed to have been endorsed by Modi for the chief minister's post, said he planned to develop his office on the lines of the PMO to ensure faster and efficient working of his administration.
 
"I am in the process of developing the office of chief minister on the lines of the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) where a set of select bureaucrats assist the ministers in case they are not able to carry out certain tasks," Fadnavis said.
 
The strengthening of Chief Minister's Office (CMO) will remove the bottlenecks and pendency of work would be reduced when bureaucrats enter the scene to help ministers, he said.
 
On the demand for abolition of local body tax (LBT), Fadnavis said he was contemplating introduction of turnover tax on VAT.
 
The BJP had promised to do away with LBT during its poll campaign.
(with agency inputs) 

Burkina Faso braces for new protestBurkina Faso braces for new protest
FPIs pull out Rs 1 200 crore from equities inOctoberThe latest outflow comes after overseas investments in the stock market hit seven months low in September. Thinkstock
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 2:42 pm
Overseas investors have pulled out nearly Rs 1,200 crore from the Indian stock market in October, making it the first monthly withdrawal in 14-months, mainly on account of profit-booking.
In comparison, the debt market saw huge inflow of around Rs 18,000 crore during the period.
Foreign investors were gross buyers of equities worth Rs 69,317 crore last month and sellers to the tune of Rs 70,488 crore, registering a net outflow of Rs 1,171 crore (USD 190 million), according to the latest data.
The was also the first instance of monthly withdrawal by overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors or Foreign Portfolio Investors) since August last year, when they had pulled out Rs 5,923 crore.
The latest outflow comes after overseas investments in the stock market hit seven months low in September.
“We have witnessed an outflow in this month mainly due to profit booking and the market is also in a consolidation mode,” CNI Research Head Kishor Ostwal said.
He further said that the long-term prospects of staying invested in India are still positive.
Since the beginning of this year, overseas investors have infused a net amount of Rs 82,266 crore (USD 13.7 billion) into the equities, while they invested a net of Rs 1.36 lakh crore into the debt market (USD 22.5 billion) taking the total to Rs 2.18 lakh crore (USD 36 billion).
From the beginning of June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by capital market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called FPIs.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of foreign investors into India to over USD 207 billion since 1991. In rupee terms, their investments are at Rs 10 lakh crore level during the period.
 

Bar bribe: Vigilance to look into theallegationPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 2, 2014 2:35 pm
The Kerala Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau would probe into the allegation that finance minister K M Mani had taken bribe from bar hotel owners to renew liquor licence, said Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala.
The Home Minister told the media in Thrissur on Sunday that a prima facie probe would be held in the allegation based on the complaint of Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan. However, whether a case should be registered against Mani would be taken only after the preliminary probe, said Chennithala.
On Saturday, Achuthanandan had written to the Home Minister seeking Vigilance probe into the allegation that Mani took bribe from bar hotel owners. `The government give due respect for the letter from the Opposition leader. There is no politics in the decision. The government is sticking to the legal route only, said Chennithala.
Bar hotel owner Biju Ramesh had threatened to move the high court seeking CBI probe if the state government did not probe into the matter. Although Mani refuted the allegation, several other bar hotel owners have came out with the disclosure that they had handed over money to association leaders for paying to the political leaders to get the licence renewed. However, they have not revealed to whom they had paid the money. It is not a secrete that the bar hotel owners pay money to all leading political parties in Kerala to clear the licence issues.
Kerala Congress leader and government chief whip P C George had also alleged that the bar hotel owners had collected Rs 15 crore for addressing the issue of licence renewal.
On Sunday, Achuthanandan raised the bar in the issue, saying that CBI should probe into the issue. Many members in the Chandy’s cabinet had taken bribe for bar hotel owners. Hence, a CBI probe is required to bring out the truth, said the Opposition leader.
The Congress government move to go for a token probe by state police’s vigilance wing is a strategy to prevent the issue going into legal battle. If someone public interest litigation comes up in the court seeking CBI probe, the government can take the stand a vigilance probe is already on. The government can at least save the situation in that manner and contain a crisis from emerging.

Over 300 died in 9 years in communal incidents in Uttar Pradesh:RTIPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 3:00 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 3:32 pm
Over 300 people lost their lives and 3,000 were injured in incidents of communal violence in Uttar Pradesh in last nine years, according to a RTI reply.
According to information received through the RTI for the period of 2005-2014, 1,271 communal incidents have taken place in Uttar Pradesh in the last nine years, out of which 56 were recorded in 2014 in which 10 persons died and 144 were injured.
In the 1,271 incidents, 336 people lost their lives and 3,107 were injured.
The highest number of communal violence incidents was recorded in 2013 at 247 in which 77 people died and 360 were injured, the Ministry of Home Affairs said in the reply.
It said that public law and order and police administration are state subjects and information about loss of property, number of displaced or arrested persons, is not kept with the Centre.
Year 2005 saw 121 such incidents in the state in which 47 people died while 42 lost their lives in 113 incidents of communal violence in 2006.
138 such incidents were recorded in 2007 in which 37 people died and 397 were injured.
Similarly, 2008 saw 114 incidents of communal violence, the RTI reply said, adding, 18 people died and 408 were injured.
The number of incidents rose to 159 in 2009. 32 people lost their lives and 525 were injured.
The years 2010, 2011, and 2012 121, 121, 84, and 118 such incidents respectively. 22 people lost their lives in 2010, where as 12 and 39 people died in 2011 and 2012 respectively.

BJPs Ram Madhav in Kashmir to cobble together a post-pollallianceRam Madhav (Left) and Amit Shah (Right). (Source: PTI)
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: November 2, 2014 2:55 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 3:07 pm
To cobble a post-poll alliance for BJP in muslim-majority Kashmir Valley; RSS ideologue and national general secretary BJP Ram Madhav visited Kashmir and held meetings with several leaders who are contesting assembly elections.
This is Madhav’s second visit to Valley in the last two months and his visits are being attributed to strengthen the footprints of BJP in Kashmir and winning allies for the party. The BJP leaders are hoping of winning good number of seats in Jammu and Ladakh regions of the state but in Kashmir they are still far behind.
BJP sources told The Indian Express that Ram Madhav held separate meetings with Chairman People’s Conference Sajjad Lone; Agriculture Minister Ghulam Hassan Mir who is heading his own Democratic National Party and former minister and independent legislator Hakim Yasin who also is chairman of his own party.
Sources said that BJP general secretary also meet some leaders who have formed their own parties in the past few weeks and are fielding candidates from many constituencies. During the meetings Madhav discussed post-poll alliances of leaders or Kashmir based parties with the BJP.
Sources said that BJP is planning to cobble a post poll alliance of smaller parties and independent candidates who could help BJP to form government in the state. Chairman People’s Democratic Front Hakim Yasin told The Indian Express that he has not met any BJP leader, but he admitted that many legislators are planning to forge an alliance to become a force in coming elections.
“For the benefit of our state we can help any party that will assure us to develop our state and resolve issues. I along with Ghulam Hassan Mir; Yosuf Targami and independent legislator engineer Rashid are in touch to form an alliance,” he said.

Bangladeshi media doyen Mir Quasem Ali gets death for 1971 war crimesBangladeshi media doyen Mir Quasem Ali gets death for 1971 war crimes
UPDATE 1-Pro-Russian rebels vote for leaders in eastern UkraineUPDATE 1-Pro-Russian rebels vote for leaders in eastern Ukraine
Yen slammed by BoJ easing  falls to near-seven year lowDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

End of an era for Nokia smartphonesWith the coming of Microsoft Lumia, it is the end of an era for Nokia smartphones
By Gulveen Aulakh , ET Bureau | 1 Nov, 2014, 09.10AM IST
Microsoft will use the Nokia brand for 10 years for feature phones and has decided to re-brand the Nokia Lumia range of smartphones to Microsoft Lumia.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
As the world moves rapidly towards the era of smartphones, a brand synonymous with mobile phones for two decades and one that actually introduced these more advanced devices to the masses will not be part of this future. Nokia, arguably one of the most popular mobile phone brands across the globe, will cease to exist among smartphones in the years to come as Microsoft, the new owner of Nokia's devices business, has decided to pull the curtains on one of the most iconic names of our time, even if only partially.
Microsoft will use the Nokia brand for 10 years for feature phones and has decided to re-brand the Nokia Lumia range of smartphones to Microsoft Lumia and discontinue the Asha and X ranges of smartphones. Redmond-headquartered Microsoft bought Nokia's devices and services business for $7.5 billion in April, along with the right to use the Nokia brand.
"It's the end of an era," said brand consultant Harish Bijoor, who recalls that his second mobile phone was the Nokia Communicator, a brick-like yet swanky device that split open to become a mini laptop with a qwerty keypad and business apps. Owning this handphone at Rs 60,000 or Rs 72,000 more than a decade ago was akin to owning jewelry. It also meant you had arrived.
"Nokia is a loss. It's a brand that I have real affection for. It still has the largest brand recall," Bijoor added. Nokia made all the right moves in its heyday to become one of the most trusted brands among discerning Indian consumers who wanted value for money and high quality in any product they bought. It partnered with retailers, carriers and content makers and introduced a variety of models month after month to create a flourishing ecosystem for mobile phones in India, one of its top priority markets globally.
"When all phones were limited to few colours, Nokia launched the full colour screen phone, which was my first mobile phone," said 32-year old graphic designer Krishnaraj Singh, who has since used more than a dozen Nokia phones. Nokia's durability was another killer feature that no mobile phone can match today. "The phones wouldn't break even if I were to throw them," said 30-year old Kavita Kapoor, a public relations professional at a clothing brand in Gurgaon.
"It's a brand that has captured the imagination of every single person," said PepsiCo India Chairman and Chief Executive Officer D Shivakumar, who spearheaded Nokia's growth for almost half of its 18 years in India, during which it set up India's first mobile phone manufacturing factory in Sriperumbudur near Chennai in 2009.
At its peak, the factory produced 25% of all Nokia phones sold, which was 11% of the world's cellphones. From November 1, the factory will stop functioning. The plant was excluded from the Microsoft deal after its assets were frozen in taxrelated proceedings.
"Nokia was more than a brand. It was consistent as a brand and as a culture, humble, honest, caring and empathetic," Shivakumar added. Not everybody feels that the former pride of Finland has lost its legacy. The brand will live on, even if it is restricted to feature phones used by 71% of India's 900 million mobile phone owners, which is only diminishing as they upgrade to smartphones.
"The brand equity will remain intact," said a former senior executive at Nokia, who did not want to be identified. "It will only move to Microsoft, which is not an unknown brand in India. I have seen customers walking into Microsoft retail stores that were earlier Nokia Priority Dealers with the same ease and confidence they had in Nokia," he added.
Many consumers believe that in terms of recall, the brand will prevail even for smartphones because it will take a while for the change of brand to register. Customers, especially those who have used or are using Lumia devices, are likely to habitually keep referring to them as Nokia Lumia instead of Microsoft Lumia.
"Buying a Microsoft Lumia is just not the same as buying a Nokia Lumia. For a generation that has grown up with the idea that a smartphone equals N Series or E Series, not being able to buy a Nokia smartphone will leave a void. Ten years later, no one will reminiscence about their iPhone 5, 6 or 10, it will be the Nokia N95 that they will recall," said Vaibhav Sharma, a lawyer and tech blogger who has followed Nokia for several years.
"If Nokia's demise proves one thing, it is that nothing stays forever in the world of technology. So don't be surprised if you see Nokia make a comeback in 2016. Remember, they didn't sell their patents or the HERE mapping division to Microsoft," he added.
Under the terms of the deal, Nokia, which now operates telecom equipment, HERE maps and technologies businesses after the acquisition, will continue to own and maintain the Nokia brand. After the transaction closes, Nokia cannot license the Nokia brand for use in connection with mobile device sales for 30 months and cannot use the brand on Nokia's own mobile devices until December 31, 2015.

Eight awesome cases for your new Apple iPad Air 2Eight awesome cases for your new Apple iPad Air 2
By Business Insider | 31 Oct, 2014, 12.02PM IST
Here are the best cases that are either already in the market or will be soon enough. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Here are the best cases that are either already in the market or will be soon enough:
Apple may make one of the best tablets in the world, but that doesn't mean it's the most durable. If you plan on tossing your new iPad in your bag for your commute, you'll probably want to get a case that's both durable and thin.
Many accessory makers are still working on new cases and sleeves for the iPad Air 2, but there are already plenty to choose from. Here's a look at some of the best iPad Air 2 cases so far:
Apple Smart Case ($79.99/Rs 4,900)
Apple's sleek leather case comes in five different colours and also doubles as a kickstand. The company also says the cover's interior is lined with microfiber to help keep the display clean.
Speck Style Folio ($39.95/Rs 2,450)
Speck's new folio style case is both durable and slim. You can also customise it. The kickstand is adjustable, so you can prop up your iPad at various viewing angles.
Belkin Chambray Cover ($39.99/Rs 2,450)
If you're looking for something other than leather or silicon, try Belkin's Chambray cover. The material is designed to feel similar to a t-shirt, and gives your iPad a notebookstyle look. Belkin also says the adjustable viewing angles make it easier to type. It comes in purple or grey.
X-Doria SmartStyle Case ($39.95/Rs 2,450
X-Doria's new SmartStyle case is another great option. It comes with a durable waxed canvas front cover meant to protect the screen.
BelkinQode Slim Style Keyboard Case ($99.99/Rs 6,100)
If you use your iPad as your main portable computer, you may be in the market for a keyboard case. Belkin's Slim Style Keyboard Case offers the same number of keys as a traditional laptop. It's the company's thinnest and least expensive keyboard case, but if you need more advanced features such as backlit lighting and longer battery life, check out Belkin's other models.
Griffin Smart Folio ($29.99/Rs 1,850)
Griffin's Smart Folio case is designed to resemble the feel of a notebook. The stitched cover and microsuede inner lining seem more than capable of protecting your iPad.
ClamCase Pro (Not disclosed yet)
If you really plan on using your iPad Air as a laptop replacement, the ClamCase Pro seems like the keyboard case to get. The keyboard deck itself seems more durable than most since it's made of aluminium. And, it comes with a 360-degree hinge that allows you to turn and twist at any angle while it's attached to the case. The Clamcase Pro isn't available just yet, but pre-orders should be rolling out soon.
Nodus Access Case (about $160/Rs 9,800)
Nodus's Access Case is a highend leather cover. There are no brackets or housings, as Nodus said it uses "micro-suction" technology to keep the tablet attached to the inside of the case. There's also a slot for carrying your credit cards and other things. It's not out yet, but should be available soon.

Planning a trip Find out the bank holidays this monthTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Honda Cars Sales Up 19% in OctoberYou are here: Home Corporates
Honda Cars Sales Up 19% in October
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 14:19 (IST)
New Delhi: Honda Cars India today reported 18.08 per cent increase in domestic sales at 13,242 units in October.
The company sold 11,214 units in October 2013, Honda Cars India Ltd (HCIL) said in a statement.
Last month, the company sold 1,584 units of small car Brio, 3,482 units of compact sedan Amaze, 2,985 units of Mobilio and 5,120 units of the mid-sized sedan City.
Besides, the company sold 71 units of sports utility vehicle CRV.
In addition, the company exported a total of 357 units during the month.
HCIL also achieved a milestone of crossing one lakh units in the current financial year.
It has registered an overall growth of 43 per cent during the April ? October period in 2014 with 1,01,442 units as against 70,831 units in the corresponding period last year.
HCIL senior vice-president (marketing and sales) Jnaneswar Sen said: "We have clocked excellent sales during the year so far where all our products have received tremendous response".
He further added that from November its Tapukara plant will have full capacity utilisation by starting operations in the second shift and would ensure better availability of the mid-sized sedan Honda City
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 19:35 (IST)

New GDP data with 2011-12 as base year in Ja...CPI
(The government will also…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to present a more realistic picture of the economy, the government will release a new series of national accounts with 2011-12 as base year for computing the economic growth rate.
The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) data based on the new series will be released for three consecutive years from 2011-12 in January next year.
At present, the GDP is computed on 2004-05 base year. "The new series will better reflect the economy as it would include more sectors. However, it would be difficult to say whether there would be any significant change in growth rates for the previous years," National Statistical Commission Chairman Pronab Sen , who was associated with formulation of the new series, said.
He further said that it may take about one year to ascertain about the change in growth rates of different sectors and economy as a whole based on the new series during the previous years.
"As per the revision policy of the national accounts, the estimates for the year 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14, due for release in January 2015, would have been the third revised estimates, second revised and first revised estimates, respectively," as official statement said.
Since these estimates have been compiled afresh, these would be referred to as "New Series" Estimates, it added.
The government will also be revising the base year for consumer price index ( CPI ), wholesale price index (WPI) and index of industrial production (IIP).
The new series of IIP and WPI are likely to be released by March 2016. The growth in the new series of IIP and WPI would be incorporated in the provisional estimates of 2014-15, to be released in May 2016.
The National Statistical Commission has suggested that the base year for computing national account should be revised every five years.
The base year of the national accounts is changed periodically to take into account the structural changes which take place in the economy and to depict a true picture of the economy through macro aggregates.
The first official estimates of national income were prepared by the Central Statistical Organisation (CSO) with base year 1948-49 for the estimates at constant prices.
These estimates at constant (1948-49) prices along with the corresponding estimates at current prices and the accounts of the Public Authorities were published in the publication, 'Estimates of National Income' in 1956.
With the gradual improvement in the availability of basic data over the years, a comprehensive review of methodology for national accounts statistics has constantly been undertaken with a view to updating the data base and shifting the base year to a more recent year.
The base years of the National Accounts Statistics series have been shifted from 1948-49 to 1960-61 in August 1967; from 1960-61 to 1970-71 in January 1978; from 1970-71 to 1980-81 in February 1988; and from 1980-81 to 1993-94 in February 1999. Thereafter it was changed to 2004-05 in 2006.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jobs in e-commerce in demand among B-school ...B-school
(Nearly 3 million Indians…)
NEW DELHI: Engineering and B-school graduates are opting for jobs in the e-commerce industry over sectors like FMCG, consulting, financial services and infrastructure, according to a poll by Assocham.
"The number of intakes by the e-commerce sector from the various B-schools and engineering colleges has gone up by 65 per cent this season over last year (35 per cent)," Assocham Secretary General D S Rawat said.
The survey sample included over 500 students from various B-schools, including IIMs, BITS, ICFAI Business School and Symbiosis Institute of International Business (Pune). The survey was conducted between September and October 2014.
Over 71 per cent respondents preferred e-commerce sector and even aspire to become first-generation successful entrepreneurs by investing in the sector, the survey said.
The e-commerce industry has experienced unprecedented growth with its total revenue increasing over 60 times between 2010 and 2014.
"More and more pass-outs from B-Tech and MBA graduates are flocking to e-commerce industry over highly leveraged sectors like FMCG (fast-moving consumer goods), consulting, financial services, services jobs, telecom, real estate, power and other infrastructure," Assocham said.
Nearly 3 million Indians work in the e-commerce sector, whereas 18 million jobs are created in other sectors as a result of e-commerce operations like marketing, IT, logistics and payment services.
"India is successful in becoming the largest e-commerce market in the world. The rapid transformation in logistics, innovation, consumerism and productivity prove to be an interesting case study for other emerging economies," Rawat said.
"The hiring activities are expected to grow by over 60-65 per cent in this sector and may help create between 5-8 lakh employment opportunities in three to five years," he added.
E-commerce companies are offering nearly around Rs 10-25 lakh annual package, higher than the average starting salary of Rs 4-7 lakh in the private sector for fresh engineering graduates and others, the poll showed.
The survey also revealed that fresher packages are around Rs 2-3.5 lakh per annum for roles like customer service representatives but for other management and technical roles, the starting package would be anywhere between Rs 8 lakh and Rs 14 lakh per annum.
Estimated to be a $ 3 billion segment, the Indian e-commerce sector has been growing at a massive pace with players like Snapdeal and Flipkart raising funds from a range of investors. Also, world's largest online retailer Amazon has committed investment of $ 2 billion in the country over the next few years.
A report by consulting firm Technopak pegs the $ 2.3 billion e-tailing market to reach $ 32 billion size by 2020.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NIIT to hold Graduate Employability Test on Nov 16NIIT to hold Graduate Employability Test on Nov 16
LN Revathy
NIIT has launched Graduate Employability Test (GET) to help graduates choose new age career programs.
'GET 2014’ will be conducted by NIIT nationwide on November 16, states a NIIT release.
Students can fill the application form available at NIIT centres across the country or apply online by logging on to www.niit.com and get more details. The last date for registering for this test is November 15.
Shivan Bhargava, Group President-Skills & Careers Group, NIIT Ltd, said the institute's GET would enable students judge their aptitude and capability and accordingly focus on new age career options. The test would help graduates choose from over 800 new age career options available in the emerging job market, he said.
Further, GET test takers can get scholarships up to 35 per cent based on their merit. Every student undergoing the test would receive a personalized graduate employability score-card. Candidates would also be entitled for an individualised career consultation from industry experts. NIIT would provide placement assistance on post graduates and diploma programmes, Mr Bhargava said.
According to the third edition of the National Employability Report called Engineering Graduates - 2014, released by Aspiring Minds Assessment Private Limited, not even one out of four engineering graduates are employable. Of the 1.2 lakh candidates surveyed across multiple states, over 91.82 per cent lacked programming and algorithm skills, 71 per cent lacked soft and cognitive skills, 60 per cent were found wanting in domain skills, 73 per cent lacked English speaking and comprehension skills and 57 per cent were found poor in analytical and quantitative skills.
Hence the aim of GET is to cater to the needs of the market by making the graduates job ready. The test will help candidates to choose a career where they can excel. It will assist the students who are exploring the answer to ‘what is the most apt career option for them’.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

India s fading Chinese community faces painful war pastIndia s fading Chinese community faces painful war past
Pilot who survived Virgin Galactic crash  alert  talking to family  doctors : ReportPilot who survived Virgin Galactic crash  alert  talking to family  doctors : Report
Another incursion: Chinese Army entered Indian waters at Pangong Lake in LadakhChinese Army entered Indian waters at Pangong Lake
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 03.12PM IST
Tags:
Chinese army
(Official sources said today…)
LEH/NEW DELHI: Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) recently made a two-pronged simultaneous incursion by sending its troops into Indian waters in the Pangong lake as well as five kms deep into Indian territory through the land route in the same area, according to reports.
Official sources said today that according to reports received by security agencies, Chinese boats entered into the Indian waters at the Pangong lake nestled in the higher reaches of Ladakh on October 22.
These incursions were simultaneously backed by Chinese troops on the road built alongside the Pangong lake which took place in eastern Ladakh and on the northern bank of Pangong Lake, located 168 km from Leh, the sources said.
However, alert troops of ITBP noticed the movement of Chinese troops and intercepted them at the imaginary line that is supposed to be the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in the lake.
The ITBP soldiers also blocked the Chinese troops mounted on mountain terrain vehicles who were trying to cross over the LAC by road.
A banner drill, in which both sides wave banners claiming it to be their territory, was carried out which was followed by a face-off between the troops of the two sides.
However, Chinese troops had to return after the Indian troops neither allowed them to move their boats forward not allowed the troops on road to move an inch further, the sources said.
Chinese troops had managed to enter upto Finger IV area in the region from where they were sent back. This area has been a bone of contention between India and China as both sides claim it to be a part of their territory.
When Indian side was trying to back its claim on the area during negotiations, the Chinese army constructed a metal-top road and claimed the area to be part of Aksai Chin area, the sources said.
China had construct a road up to Finger-IV area which falls under Siri Jap area and is five km deep into the LAC, the sources said.
The simultaneous approach to enter Indian waters was seen as a move by the Chinese troops to put psychological pressure on the Indian troops who man the area.
The Chinese patrols used to come frequently from the northern and southern banks of this lake, whose 45 km stretch is on the Indian side while another 90 km is on the Chinese side.
Indians are armed with high-speed interceptor boats, bought from the US, which can accommodate nearly 15 soldiers and are equipped with radars, infra-red and GPS systems.
These boats are stated to be as good as the Chinese vessels and are used to conduct reconnaissance and area domination patrols.
The situation along the banks of the lake has always remained volatile with Chinese troops being intercepted by Indian Army patrol several times after the three-week long stand-off in the Depsang plains of Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) in May last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJPs Ram Madhav in Kashmir to cobble together a post-poll allianceRam Madhav (Left) and Amit Shah (Right). (Source: PTI)
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: November 2, 2014 2:55 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 3:07 pm
To cobble a post-poll alliance for BJP in muslim-majority Kashmir Valley; RSS ideologue and national general secretary BJP Ram Madhav visited Kashmir and held meetings with several leaders who are contesting assembly elections.
This is Madhav’s second visit to Valley in the last two months and his visits are being attributed to strengthen the footprints of BJP in Kashmir and winning allies for the party. The BJP leaders are hoping of winning good number of seats in Jammu and Ladakh regions of the state but in Kashmir they are still far behind.
BJP sources told The Indian Express that Ram Madhav held separate meetings with Chairman People’s Conference Sajjad Lone; Agriculture Minister Ghulam Hassan Mir who is heading his own Democratic National Party and former minister and independent legislator Hakim Yasin who also is chairman of his own party.
Sources said that BJP general secretary also meet some leaders who have formed their own parties in the past few weeks and are fielding candidates from many constituencies. During the meetings Madhav discussed post-poll alliances of leaders or Kashmir based parties with the BJP.
Sources said that BJP is planning to cobble a post poll alliance of smaller parties and independent candidates who could help BJP to form government in the state. Chairman People’s Democratic Front Hakim Yasin told The Indian Express that he has not met any BJP leader, but he admitted that many legislators are planning to forge an alliance to become a force in coming elections.
“For the benefit of our state we can help any party that will assure us to develop our state and resolve issues. I along with Ghulam Hassan Mir; Yosuf Targami and independent legislator engineer Rashid are in touch to form an alliance,” he said.

PM Modi misleading nation  alleges Shobha OzaPM Modi misleading nation  alleges Shobha Oza
Analyst Corner: Buy ING Vysya on another strong quarter  says Espirito SantoE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Market turnover hits Rs 10L crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Orrick in spat with Ivory Coast barOrrick gets into spat with Ivory Coast bar association
Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec1acbc4-60fe-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inside Taylor Swift s Tribeca Penthouseinside taylor swift s tribeca penthouse
The new country of FacebookThe new country of Facebook
Hannah Kuchler
The company is preparing the site to deliver services once the province of the nation state – from healthcare to education
Sitting in his home in San Francisco’s Nob Hill, arachnophobe Tim Suzman is watching a virtual spider creep across a virtual table. If he can keep calm, he’ll watch a larger spider and then a larger one, until eventually he can cope with a computerised spider crawling across his hand.
Wearing an Oculus virtual reality headset, Suzman can see the room – and the spiders – in 360 degrees. At first, he was as anxious around virtual spiders as real ones but after weeks of practising, he can now soothe himself even when a live medium-sized spider is busy building a web on his wall. “When I see a spider in real life now, rather than my first reaction being, ‘Ugh, that’s freaky,’ it’s, ‘OK, I’ve been in this situation before and it wasn’t so bad’ – even though my brain is thinking about what happened in virtual reality,” he says.
Silicon Valley Special
The disrupters: 25 to watch
The apps, products and people setting the pace
One day, Suzman may be curing phobias on Facebook, which bought Oculus earlier this year for $2bn . It is the company’s biggest bet on the internet’s long-term future – and its own. But this will not be the Facebook we know. Instead, the vision is for an all-encompassing site where people conduct more and more of their daily activities.
Suzman quit his job two months ago to found a business called Fearless, which he hopes could eventually enable Facebookers using virtual reality to visit their therapists on the site. He imagines a day when stepping into a virtual world would be as common as picking up a smartphone and perhaps even more useful. “The most straightforward way would be to create a virtual room and the two people can be talking as if they are meeting in person,” he says. “A therapist in any country could offer the same service locally to anywhere in the world.”
. . .
Virtual reality is just the most futuristic part of Facebook’s broader plan to transform itself into something much larger than a place to post photos of your food or watch videos of bunnies. Entrepreneurs such as Suzman are lured by its huge audience: Facebook is simply where the people are. The site is on course to become home to more inhabitants than any country in the world, its 1.3 billion-plus users taking it within a whisker of the population of China, the largest nation on the planet.
If Facebook were a country, it would be the second most populous in the world, just behind China
This milestone figure matters to the man who once opined that power in his generation was “moving from countries to companies”. In that statement, he implied that heading up a company such as Facebook could put him on a par with world leaders.
Mark Zuckerberg , Facebook founder and chief executive, was a billionaire in his twenties, but is devoting his thirties to building this new country of Facebook. “The best thing to do now, if you want to change the world, is to start a company. It’s the best model for getting things done and bringing your vision to the world,” Zuckerberg told Kate Losse, an early Facebook employee who became his speech writer and quoted him in her book The Boy Kings: A Journey Into the Heart of the Social Network.
Therapy on Facebook is only the start. The company is preparing the site so it can deliver services virtually that were once the province of the nation state: from healthcare to education. These features may be grafted on to the main site as with apps on pages, or be standalone apps. Just as Facebook citizens currently flick through the news feed and friends’ profiles, and “like” with a click of a button, in the future they could also be clicking to visit doctors in virtual reality on their profiles, take university courses or send dollars to distant relatives via messages.
In the early days of Facebook, a poster reading, “We’re only 1 per cent done”, hung on the company wall. An updated sign might now read, “We’re only 5 per cent done”.
. . .
For a sense of how Facebook is going to change, we can travel from the heights of Nob Hill to council estates across Salford in the north of England, where tenants are using Facebook to pay their rent.
Based on current trading prices of about $80 a share, Facebook is worth about $208bn. That’s more than both Disney ($151bn) and Coca-Cola ($179bn)
Visiting the Facebook page of Salix Homes, the company that manages the estates in the centre of the city, residents can pay using an app embedded there. When the UK government made many people receiving housing benefit responsible for making rent payments directly, Salix turned to where tenants were already spending their time, on Facebook.
In the first few months, more than a third of Salix’s Facebook followers had used the app – mostly via their mobile phones. Facebook has flourished on mobile, where more than half its users are, and few people on the Salford estates have conventional computers. “A lot of people say that they don’t access the internet, but do access Facebook, not perceiving it as the internet as such,” says Salix’s James Allan.
The company is not alone in seeing Facebook as the ultimate place to reach people, an enabler for even very private services. Facebook has the ability to reach the masses wherever they live – because they also live on Facebook. London and San Francisco-based start-ups are working on ways for people to buy stocks, for example, or transfer money across borders on Facebook, and school teachers in the US are returning pupils’ assignments in private Facebook groups to discuss their homework.
. . .
©Getty
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg sharing his vision of the new Facebook in Indonesia last month
Facebook is no longer a social network. Four years ago, Mark Zuckerberg used to rhapsodise that everything was destined to be social. Two years ago, on Facebook’s first earnings call as a public company, he said the word “social” 24 times. But the word has fallen out of favour. On a recent call, he mentioned it just once.
“Social” is too limiting for Zuckerberg’s quest for dominance, too closely associated with much smaller rivals such as Twitter and Snapchat and with the doctrine of “sharing”, which is no longer suitable for everything Facebook wants to become. David Kirkpatrick, author of The Facebook Effect, a book on the company’s rise, points out that healthcare and finance are “naturally very private and closed” and not at all social. “Facebook has big opportunities that it has not even begun to tap in the personal data realm,” he says, adding that Facebook knows who you are better than any government issuer of ID. “If they could reassure on privacy, they could be a natural repository for a gigantic amount of healthcare information.” Facebook’s reachable, sortable mass is what lures companies to do business on the platform and keeps users locked in to using it like a utility – not necessarily its ability to “share” with friends. Its intimate knowledge of the likes and lives of the vast number of people who spend time on the site is becoming far more important than its previous sales pitch of being a social network.
Instead, Zuckerberg has a new, three-pillared mantra that rolls off the tongue of everyone at Facebook just as readily as the “S” word once did. The chief executive described his vision to investors for the first time on an earnings call last year. It starts with “Connecting Everyone”– a mission to make sure every one of the world’s 7.1 billion people can access the internet and, with it, Facebook. At its most outlandish, this means bringing in drone engineers who used to work for a tiny company in Somerset, England, to develop unmanned aircraft in the hope that they can beam down connectivity from the sky. At the duller end, it means contracts with network operators to make its apps free for customers, so that everyone with a feature phone can access a sliver of the information online.
According to a 2014 poll conducted by the Pew Research Center, the average adult user in the US has 338 Facebook friends
However, where the first pillar is ambitious, the second and the third border on the zealous. “Understanding The World” sounds like the goal of a school swot but it really means Facebook categorising all the information on its site – the updates, the likes, the pages – and making its own searchable database of information to rival Google. You can already use Facebook’s “graph search” in some regions to look for “friends who like trail running”. But one day you might use it as a more in-depth function, say, for photos of your colleagues’ cats before 1995 or family members who have made Facebook comments about the war in Iraq. As Zuckerberg explained, it is not simply about day-to-day updates but “building up long-term knowledge about the world and being able to answer questions for you that no other service can”.
The third pillar is the most difficult for current users to picture. Zuckerberg wants Facebook to help “build the knowledge economy”, to become a place where people create jobs, companies and growth and support “a larger economic shift in the world based on information and ideas”. Rather than wasting people’s productive time, it should increase productivity by giving people the tools to educate themselves and an audience for their businesses – in industries such as finance, education and healthcare.
Cory Ondrejka, vice-president of engineering at Facebook, told the Financial Times that Facebook’s mission has always been clear internally and was discussed “every minute since I joined four years ago . . . Mark’s vision for making the world more open and connected is about those three pillars: connect everyone, understand the world and build the knowledge economy using those two facts,” he said.
Zuckerberg indicated what he thinks Facebook could look like in the future when he acquired Oculus back in March. He let his guard down to gush about all the possibilities Oculus could enable without users leaving the house. “Imagine enjoying a courtside seat at a game, studying in a classroom with students and teachers all over the world, consulting with a doctor face-to-face or going shopping in a virtual store,” he said.
Ondrejka, who has recently been working closely with Oculus, thinks Facebook’s foray into virtual reality was also inevitable. “It is the next platform with the ability to share entirely new experiences. Virtual reality was always going to be a part of Facebook’s DNA in the very, very long term,” he says.
. . .
©Bloomberg
Facebook bought Oculus earlier this year
However, this new Facebook – almost a country in its scale – could also be a tricky place to live. Lacking either a constitution or a vote on Facebook’s direction, its citizenry have entered a deal with the site that they are increasingly depending on – without knowing what it will become.
Adi Kamdar, a privacy campaigner at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, warns it could be hard to be a citizen in this “convoluted empire”, especially when Facebook has already lost many users’ trust even as a caretaker of photos and posts. “You start off with a single service that is a social network and build a profile about yourself, your friends, where you live, which you trust will be used in that capacity and maybe even used for ads,” he says. “But then all of a sudden it is synced up with your health information or used to create a payments system. This information you gave to them in one paradigm has expanded exponentially.”
He says consumers could benefit from a single company handling so much – creating “cool products” personalised for their needs – but they should be aware that “the company they are giving their information to now isn’t the company it is going to be a year from now, five years from now, 100 years from now”.
Astra Taylor, the author of The People’s Platform, which criticises large companies for dominating life online, says Facebook could commercialise areas which have previously been advert-free. “Traditionally, the classroom has been about the dissemination of information between a teacher and a student, it wasn’t an entity beholden to advertiser,” she says. “Facebook can’t value communications for their own sake. Whatever is being communicated, they have to wring data out of users.”
. . .
Social is too limiting for Zuckerberg’s quest for dominance
Facebook’s mission stands the most chance of success in emerging markets, where there are fewer incumbents in industries such as finance, education and healthcare with the funds for a fightback.
In the developing world, where institutions and traditional corporate players often have a more feeble footing, Facebook could establish itself as the platform to reach the people. In fact, it is already using its apps to offer basic services, often through its Internet.org arm. Internet.org was founded by Zuckerberg in 2013 with a goal of making the internet 100 times more affordable through partnerships with mobile phone companies, deals with telecoms carriers in emerging markets and futuristic technologies. It is also clear about its role in spreading Facebook, as well as the internet, by whatever means necessary. In Zambia, for example, people can access basic healthcare information such as tips for pregnant mothers for free on an Internet.org app. In India, Facebook broadcasted debates during the national elections to inform voters in the world’s largest democracy.
This quick and easy way to access information which can be hard to come by is obviously attractive to users. If your choice is between sending money by Facebook or a money lender on the corner, or contacting a well-qualified doctor on the other side of the world rather than an under-resourced clinic in your town, it could be an easy decision to make. To some, putting this kind of power in the hands of Facebook is worrying. Evgeny Morozov, the author of To Save Everything, Click Here, warns that Facebook could become a “de facto provider of infrastructure” and services that people used to expect to receive from the state, making it hard to opt out: “As much as I’d like to believe Internet.org is a purely humanitarian mission, I don’t. I think it is a way of capturing an emerging market one way or another. If Facebook doesn’t, then Google will capture them.”
This new Facebook – almost a country in scale – could be a tricky place to live
Taylor warns that, contrary to Facebook’s message of creating opportunity for users in developing economies, it could introduce a new division in the digital landscape. Facebook often strikes deals with telecoms companies to allow access to its app for free, which she argues could give the user a false choice between, for example, learning or receiving healthcare advice on Facebook, or paying for expensive data plans in order to find the information elsewhere online.
In Rwanda, working with the government and edX, the open online learning platform co-founded by Harvard and MIT, Facebook is developing an app with which Rwandan students can participate in free lessons over data connections as slow as 2G. Lou Wang from edX, who has led the partnership, says the company wants to expand the app across the developing world after it unveils it in Rwanda next year. “We’re talking about reaching individuals on their long commute to work,” he says, “to make sure those two hours aren’t wasted . . . allowing them to take advantage of that time and educate themselves, giving them major opportunities that didn’t exist before”.
Taylor says this potential involvement in education might not be welcomed in the west. “A certain privileged population wouldn’t stand for it: it is hard to see where Facebook would fit into the American education system but for those who don’t have other options for internet access it feels like another degree of digital inequality.”
. . .
Facebook might have an almost unique opportunity to remake services across emerging markets because it enjoys a certain Silicon Valley gloss. Technology companies have been celebrated for developing free services that help improve people’s quality of life, even during a global recession where money was tight for most. In this new dotcom boom, start-up fever has spread around the world fuelled by the idea that a simple app can make a fortune. But after the Edward Snowden revelations, accusations of tax evasion and conflicts with the authorities in the European Union, some are beginning to question whether technology companies can do no wrong.
Facebook may indeed improve the world for millions. But could this affection for Silicon Valley and its relentless pursuit of innovation lead us to entrust too much to one gigantic company? “When Facebook does this it is considered entrepreneurship and innovation,” notes Morozov. He invites a comparison with the banking industry. “If Goldman Sachs was creating a series of independent states around the world, I don’t think it would be as unproblematic – because Goldman Sachs cannot lie as effectively as Facebook. No one would ever suspect them of trying to improve the world.”
Hannah Kuchler is the FT’s San Francisco correspondent
Photographs: Getty; Bloomberg

Founders under pressureFacebook country
Mark Zuckerberg’s ‘nation state’ plans
Product Hunt launched last year as an email newsletter that Hoover sent to friends. Incorporated this May, it raised its second round of funding, $6.1m, at a rumoured valuation of more than $20m. To describe Product Hunt’s list of nearly 20 investors as a who’s who of the tech scene is an understatement. But with new investment comes new worries.
Hoover pulls out his iPhone and taps through to the app he uses to check traffic to the site. “I should probably not do this as much as I do,” he says. He looks at the screen. “See? Right now this stresses me out because we’re 10 per cent down from last week.” The site currently has more than 15,000 visitors on it. He wonders how he’ll react during the upcoming holidays, when traffic to the site will almost assuredly fall again. Logically, he knows he shouldn’t worry but he likely still will. Now, with funding, “It’s even more important that we keep it up.”
The tech industry is booming globally and nowhere more so than in San Francisco and its neighbour Silicon Valley . Amid the Bay Area’s open-plan offices and suburban corporate campuses, engineers and executives are inventing the future. Many are minting billion-dollar fortunes while they are at it. But many more put in hours that make investment bankers look underworked only to end up with no more, and sometimes less, than they started with.
It freaks me out that I don’t know what’s happening on the app when I’m sleeping
- Ryan Hoover, Founder, Product Hunt
“It’s the gold rush, isn’t it?” says Patsy Price, a software programmer who retrained as a coder aged 57 at one of the intensive coding schools now proliferating in San Francisco. The tech sector is luring workers from all over. At Harvard Business School, the percentage of graduates going into financial services is down from 42 per cent to 27 per cent between 2006 and 2013. The percentage going to tech more than doubled in that time, from 7 per cent to 18 per cent.
Figures from other top-flight schools show similar trends, not to mention the skyrocketing number of applications to Stanford , long seen as the main feeder school for Silicon Valley. Goldman Sachs last year encouraged young bankers to take more weekends off – a novelty on Wall Street – in an attempt to retain young workers, many of whom are heading westward.
But from the inside, the lustre is not always so bright. Most of the start-ups popping up in the Bay Area will likely fail. Many more will yield returns that are far less than hoped for by investors. Shikhar Ghosh, a Harvard Business School professor, estimates that up to 40 per cent of start-ups finish by liquidating their assets, while up to 80 per cent miss their projected return on investment. The odds of a company being as successful as Google or Facebook are so small that venture capitalists call those kinds of winning bets “unicorns”.
Even those that do succeed often go through what Paul Graham, a prominent backer of young start-ups, calls the “trough of sorrow”. This is the period when the excitement of founding gives way to slowing growth and doubts about the venture’s viability. Changes in how software is distributed to customers – downloaded immediately from the cloud, rather than sent out on CDs – also means the pace of development is faster, and more gruelling, than during the last tech boom.
. . .
Toke Kruse and his co-founder came to San Francisco from Denmark two years ago with “just our suitcases” and have since been building Billy’s Billing, an accounting software start-up. Kruse works from his home, an apartment in one of the new condo buildings popping up in the hot start-up neighbourhood of SoMa. The place is sparsely decorated, with a glass coffee table and a large stuffed teddy bear on the sofa. He has been without salary, living off savings and proceeds from some side projects, while engineers build the product. Two years of this without any guarantee of success is “especially stressful for a person who is extroverted like myself”, he says.
We just know that failure is the default for a start-up
- Shaan Puri, CEO, The Monkey Inferno
This isn’t Kruse’s first company. He started a couple back home in Denmark. Some worked, most did not. Among the failures, a photosharing company he launched in 2005 – unfortunate timing, he explains, as it was before smartphones with cameras made digital photography ubiquitous.
That, founders say, is the norm. “In fact, there’s an acronym,” says Shaan Puri, chief executive of start-up incubator The Monkey Inferno, as he pulls out a red erasable marker to write on the glass top of his conference room table. “It’s WFIO – we’re f***ed, it’s over. That’s the moment when the team is actually honest with each other, you can’t bullshit yourself or your team or your investors, you have to really acknowledge what’s going on.”
Puri, 26, was drawn to the Valley after attending a university course called “Getting Rich”. The professor, he says, brought in entrepreneurs who spoke about their real-world experience in business. It was meant to be just an easy class after years spent preparing for medical school but it inspired him to abandon plans to become a doctor and be an entrepreneur instead. The Monkey Inferno is funded by Michael and Xochi Birch, British entrepreneurs who made millions with the 2008 sale of social network Bebo to AOL .
Under Puri’s leadership, The Inferno, housed in a lavish office with a chef, massage room and a full bar, churns out new products on six-week schedules, from idea to prototype in the market in a month and half. Most have fallen flat, or are at best what he calls “small wins”. The Inferno wants only a big win, and the others are just a distraction from that hunt. They are hoping their next product – a relaunch of Bebo as a playful messaging app – will be that big win.
“We don’t think it’s good to fail, we kinda just know that failure is the default for a start-up,” he says. After failure they pull themselves up and go on. “I’ve joked about it, like, ‘Do you guys want to print out the code, and we could burn it?’” They don’t actually burn the code for catharsis, he says, but discuss what went wrong and what was right.
The Inferno, he says, is built around the idea that few products will be the big hit. All its team members are employees and entirely funded by the Birches, so they stay together and keep the lessons learnt in-house, rather than seeing the team scatter to new projects elsewhere.
That unusual arrangement also means far less pressure than the average venture-backed entrepreneur faces, and far more support than a lone entrepreneur working off his or her savings or credit card. Most entrepreneurs find themselves the only “first responder” when something goes wrong, says Meg Hirshberg, who runs a class on entrepreneurship at the Kauffman Foundation. “Entrepreneurs feel, often very legitimately, that they can’t be cut off from their company for a minute,” she says. “There’s no real work-life balance in the usual sense.”
There is no real work-life balance in the usual sense
- Meg Hirshberg
The struggle of founders has been the subject of more public discussion in Silicon Valley than usual recently. But it is not always an open conversation in an industry that celebrates success and often casts failure as a necessary stepping stone. An unwillingness to discuss the unglamorous stresses that founders face, even among those who will ultimately succeed, isn’t just the machismo one might expect in a male-dominated industry, says Hirshberg. Entrepreneurs are often right to fear that employees, investors and customers will leave if they sense a company might be in trouble.
Sam Altman, head of prominent start-up incubator Y Combinator, recently penned a widely read blog post entitled “Founder Depression” and encouraged the founders Y Combinator works with to talk about their problems rather than tough them out alone. The post got hundreds of comments on Y Combinator’s associated online forum, Hacker News, and more than a thousand shares on Facebook and Twitter. “For whatever it’s worth, you’re not alone,” Altman wrote. “You shouldn’t be ashamed.”
Rand Fishkin, founder of the marketing software company Moz, also went viral after he wrote a frank blog post on a bout of depression that started with a late product launch and ended with his stepping aside as the company’s chief executive. Going $500,000 into credit card debt and dodging collectors while building the company during the financial crisis was not what shook him. Instead it was the responsibilities for a “poorly done” development of a new product and the feeling that the company needed change he could not bring that proved too much.
Growth isn’t just expected, it is demanded
- Rand Fishkin
His post ended up on Hacker News and the comments poured in. “The vast majority of the email I’ve gotten was, ‘I’ve had this in the past too, I’ve struggled with it,’” says Fishkin, whose company is based in Seattle, itself a growing tech hub. “There’s a lot of pressure on founders and CEOs to always be showing if not numbers at least confidence and an attitude of moving up and to the right.”
The pressure that comes with venture capital funding, says Fishkin, was part of his challenge, even though his investors and board were more “empathetic” than most. Winning venture capital is often seen as a success in itself but it also means the company will be under pressure to win, and win big, with growth rates unheard of anywhere but at a start-up.
“Growth isn’t just expected but demanded, and hypergrowth is expected,” says Fishkin. His company took substantial venture capital in 2012, at which point it was growing comfortably but wanted to expand its product offering so it could reach potentially many millions of customers.
Moz sold about 17 per cent of itself for some $18m in venture funding. Standard investors would expect to see up to a 10 times return on that capital, “which means we have to figure out how this company can become, in a small number of years, valued in the hundreds of millions of dollars, and those numbers are insane,” says Fishkin.
Part of the stress many face, says Hoover of Product Hunt, comes from the fact that Silicon Valley so values entrepreneurs that talented people feel pressure to start something of their own, sometimes before they are fully ready. “If you don’t, you’re ‘less than’ in some ways.”
. . .
Entrepreneur Dana Severson spent a week in tears after the failure of his previous company, a crowdfunding start-up named Wahooly.
A native of Minnesota, he came to San Francisco to try his luck and take Wahooly through a start-up incubator run by an ex-Google employee. But the site did not find a developer until about a month before the launch date he had publicly committed to, and it did not work out.
The tears, however, led to an idea that has proven far more successful than Wahooly. Severson launched Startups Anonymous, now a popular site for founders’ anonymous gripes, worries, stresses and, as he says, the dumb questions they should know the answer to but don’t. Since January, it has gathered more than 700 confessions, questions and stories.
You’re always on the clock. You’re always hustling
- Dana Severson
It’s funded, he says, by a profitable side project of his, a beef jerky ecommerce company that sends a box of jerky a month to subscribers. He runs the two out of the same office in his native Minnesota, where he returned after his stint in San Francisco. (The office, he says, does smell a bit like jerky.)
Since launching Startups Anonymous, Severson has realised he wasn’t alone in his stress, or the fact that he did not know everything he was supposed to, such as what happens to the debt of a shuttered start-up. “The overlying theme is a lot of imposter syndrome issues. It makes sense, there are a lot of young founders and sometimes this is their first go at the professional world,” says Severson, himself in his thirties. “They don’t have hiring experience, they don’t have management experience and they have to learn on the fly, so of course you have to fake it until you make it.”
A confluence of identity with work can exacerbate the grief that founders feel when ventures struggle, says Dean Shepherd, a business school professor at Indiana University. Chief executives at larger companies also get stressed out, he says, but their stress is less existential – they may be fired but they did not start the company with their savings, and their companies are unlikely to vanish entirely.
Entrepreneurs, says Shepherd, also often push themselves too hard, and persist when they should maybe fold. “If you only study entrepreneurs who are successful, you’re always going to think if they’re over-optimistic and overconfident then they’re more likely to be successful, but you’re not capturing the ones who failed and lost their life savings.”
So far, founders say, that is not a message that resonates throughout the Valley. The commonly heard maxim “fail fast” – meaning admit defeat quickly and move on – exists uncomfortably with the praise given to stubborn executives who overcame setbacks. Failure might be the known default for start-ups but no one wants that to mean their start-up.
“You’re spending these godforsaken hours building products, you’re always on the clock, you’re always hustling, and everything is always going great,” says Severson. “Especially in start-ups, there’s this need to really show that you’re quote-unquote ‘killing it’ all the time.”
Sarah Mishkin is an FT San Francisco correspondent
Photographs: Jamie Kingham

Twitter users find several accounts suspendedTwitter users find several accounts suspended for unknown reasons
By Vasudha Venugopal , ET Bureau | 2 Nov, 2014, 05.13AM IST
Twitter users woke up to find several accounts suspended for unknown reasons, triggering conspiracy theories that only the accounts of right-wing supporters had been targeted. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Twitter users woke up on Saturday to find several accounts suspended for unknown reasons, triggering conspiracy theories that only the accounts of right-wing supporters had been targeted.
While it was said to have resulted from a technical glitch that suspended random accounts, several tweeters said there was a pattern to the suspension because 'suspended users' were asked to change their behaviour to be able to continue using the micro-blogging site. But by afternoon it was clear that many accounts, irrespective of their posts, had been suspended for a few hours. All suspended accounts were restored by afternoon.
A message sent out to a tweeter whose account was suspended read, "Twitter has automated systems that find and remove multiple automated spam accounts in bulk.
Unfortunately, your account got caught in one of these spam groups by mistake." Twitter also apologised for the inconvenience but added, "It is possible your account posted an update that appeared to be spam, so please be careful what you tweet... You will need to change your behaviour to continue using Twitter. Repeat violations of the Twitter rules may result in the permanent suspension of your account."
This triggered outrage among the Twitteratti who called it internet policing. There was humour too, with a tweeter posting, "In the Twitter canteen you never get chicken wings in pairs because the right wing is blocked."
Twitter officials said there was no deliberate blocking of accounts and that the incident was an accident as part of spam cleaning process. Pranesh Prakash, policy director, Centre for Internet and Society, said though there have been instances of 'privatisation of censorship' in the recent past, this incident did not look like one such attempt. "It doesn't look deliberate especially because even accounts such as eBay India were suspended."

Why social media sites are more than a branding medium for retailersWhy social media sites are more than a branding medium for retailers
Avinder Batra, ET Bureau Oct 31, 2014, 02.19PM IST
Tags:
branding medium
(Social networking sites…)
NEW DELHI: Social networking websites are no longer just advertisement boards for retailers; they are fast emerging as drivers of growth for both online and brick-and-mortar stores .
"About a quarter of our business sales and growth today are dependent upon social networking sites," said Manav Narula, general manager, marketing, at Fashionandyou.com. "By the first quarter 2015, we aim to achieve 30% sales from social platforms." The company's strategy to reach out to loyal fans first with special offers has increased the interaction on the website by 10%, Narula added.
With people increasingly taking to social networking platforms—nearly 55% of the Internet population is on Facebook today with mobile sharing also picking up at a faster pace—brands have started using fan base, number of website visitors, comments, feedbacks and new launches on social websites as tools to gauge their success.
In the last three months, online food delivery company foodpanda.com has increased traffic to its website by 60% while fashionandyou has managed to log 20% month-on-month growth on a subscriber base of 1.3 million, data from the companies showed.
Similarly, online fashion store Jabong reached the three million subscriber mark last month and is growing at 10% per month. For FabFurnish.com, social networking accounts for around a fifth of the company's overall revenue, the online store said.
The potential of offers going viral among customers is much higher and more economical on Facebook, Instagram and other social sites.
"They help us reach out to a large audience for products and special offers, help build brand image and install more product information by showing product utility in comprehensive ways," explains Vikram Chopra, founder and CEO, Fabfurnish.com. "In short, it works in our favour to make the brand stand out. Word of mouth on social media holds a big impact and we've seen it work great to create a loyal customer base."
The traffic on Fabfurnish has increased 20-25% while its revenue has gone up by 8-12% in the last three months.
"Not only has social media got more entrenched in everyday lives of consumers, there has been an evolution in ways of engaging with it as well. Social media is increasingly influencing and inspiring retail purchases in many more ways with innovations like 'social shopping' etc," says Pragya Singh, associate vice-president, retail & consumer products at Technopak Advisors.
But is it beneficial for e-tailers (physical stores) also?
"Yes, we have been able to reach out to more people and showcase our collections, which generate interest," says Narinder Singh, MD, Numero Uno Clothing Ltd. "We get a lot of enquiries for products, pricing and store location information that helps us direct people to the stores. Customers can also locate our stores on google maps."
According to Singh of Technopak, social media can be tapped by both e-tailers and brick & mortar formats. While it is easier for e-tailers to do so, brick & mortar formats can tap into its potential in the following ways:
- Identify target consumers and their preferred social channels and create buzz to increase in-store traffic
- Encourage social engagement in the store - this will be based on the store and its product category e.g. A retailer used Pinterest fan base to identify popular products, which were then promoted in store
- Incorporate social media into CRM initiatives
Conclusion
Social commerce is in a nascent stage but can be a significant trend going forward. By enabling people to connect where they buy and buy where they connect, shopping and socialising are converging in the online world.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Clear and present danger: Burdwan blasts point to new terror threatsComments
On October 2, as most of West Bengal was engrossed in the annual five-day Durga Puja celebrations, mayhem reigned in a house in Khagragore in the district of Burdwan. Two deaths and several arrests later, investigations revealed that what had sounded like an LPG cylinder explosion to neighbours, was actually an accidental blast caused by the workings of a terror outfit with roots in Bangladesh.
Terror rises from East
Officials now believe that the group intended to target members of Sheikh Hasina's government in Dhaka. Suddenly, the western border with Pakistan with its cross-border firing and insurgency seemed to pose less danger than the eastern one, that had seemed, at worst, too porous to check illegal immigration.
"I will not say that the eastern borders are neglected. But it is true that there is a dramatic failure of intelligence coming in from this region. I hope that after Doval's visit (national security advisor Ajit Doval visited the state on October 27), the state and the centre will work together on addressing these issues," says former Indian army chief, General (Retd.) Shankar Roychowdhury.
Security analysts believe that terrorist groups have been expanding their network in West Bengal for more than a decade. It has been alleged that madrasas, which do not have state recognition, are being used to spread these operations. The number of such institutes is believed to have increased. It has also been alleged that political parties with an eye on the minority vote bank have been supporting these madrasas. In the wake of the Burdwan blast, the union ministry of Home Affairs has sought a report from the state government about madrasas in the state. "Unrecognised madrasas should not be allowed to operate till formal recognition is issued from the state government," insists Sandhi Mukherjee, former inspector general of the state intelligence branch. In 2001, former West Bengal chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee had alleged that many madrasas harboured terrorists.
Chief minister Mamata Banerjee resisted the centre's intervention even after improvised explosive devices (IEDs) and jihadi literature was found in the house where the blast had taken place. She allowed the National Investigation Agency (NIA) to join the probe after the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) insisted. According to NIA officials, a big concern here is the political support, covert or otherwise, that separatist elements seem to be receiving in the state. This makes them safe in districts such as Burdwan and Birbhum that have no borders with Bangladesh. Earlier, members of these terror outfits would mostly remain close to border districts such as Malda, Murshidabad, Nadia and North 24 Parganas, so they could quickly cross the border if they feared detection. 
"There is enough proof that direct and indirect help from the ruling party has been provided to members of such terror groups. The police and administration have turned a blind eye to this," alleged Dipanjan Chakraborty, former National Security Guard (NSG) official.  On June 13, a delegation of the BJP visited Sandeshkhali in West Bengal. Workers of the party had been attacked here earlier. The delegation sent a report to union home minister Rajnath Singh accusing the Trinamool of harbouring Jamaat-e-Islami (Bangladesh) elements in Bengal. Delegates alleged that some of these elements had also campaigned for the Trinamool in the Lok Sabha polls. 
West Bengal's links with prominent terror-accused is not new. Indian Mujahideen founder member Yasin Bhatkal, was arrested in Kolkata in 2009 before being released, when officials of the West Bengal police failed to identify him. He was subsequently apprehended at the Indo-Nepal border in 2013. Another Indian Mujahideen senior leader, Amir Reza Khan, is from Kolkata. Expert bombmaker and Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) terror-accused Syed Abdul Karim Tunda is married to a girl from West Bengal. 
Officials have, in the past, also intercepted explosives and ammunition being supplied to other states through West Bengal. But even if LeT and Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami operatives have been using Bengal as a 'safe' corridor, the target of their attacks till now had always been other parts of India. This is the first time that authorities have uncovered a terror network, involving Bangladeshi infiltrators, who are planning to strike east.
The NIA is almost convinced that the terror network was working on a plan to eliminate Sheikh Hasina. Bilateral relations with Bangladesh have been choppy after Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee openly opposed the Teesta water-sharing deal and exchange of enclaves with her eastern neighbour. 
The subsequent discovery of this terror plot makes the situation uncomfortable for the ruling Trinamool government. "The border with Pakistan has always been a hotbed of action. China, too, has a menacing presence in the north. Ironically, our eastern neighbour was the only country that was trying to bust terror camps that worked against India," rues Chakraborty. After the Burdwan incident, there is little hope of support from even that quarter. "The Sheikh Hasina regime cracked down on terror bases and organisations in Bangladesh be it the Jamat-ul-Mujahideen, Bangladesh, or any other factions. While India has sometimes alleged Bangladesh territory was being used for anti-Indian activities, in Bengal somewhat of a reverse situation exists where Bengal's soil is being used to target the Hasina regime," said General (Retd) Shankar Roychowdhury.
When Ajit Doval met Mamata Banerjee
On Monday (October 27), Ajit Doval, the National Security Advisor (NSA), met West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Nabanna, the state secretariat. He had also visited the Khagragore blast spot in Burdwan prior to his meeting with the chief minister. Doval was accompanied by the director general (DG) of National Security Guards (NSG) Jayanta Narayan Chowdhury, DG of National Investigation Agency (NIA), Sharad Kumar and special secretary of union home ministry (Internal Security), Prakash Mishra.
Chief secretary, Sanjay Mitra, home secretary, Basudeb Bandopadhyay, DGP, GMP Reddy, Kolkata police commissioner, Surjit Kar Purkaystha, additional DG (law & order) Shibaji Ghosh and inspector general (law & order), Anuj Sharma were among those who accompanied the chief minister.
Reportedly, at the meeting, Doval highlighted the problem of terror and its international significance with Bangladesh in focus. The NSA communicated to the chief minister the Prime Minister's message urging the state to cooperate with the central investigation. 
The fact that Bengal's territory was being used by jihadis to uproot the Sheikh Hasina government and target her personally was communicated to Banerjee. Sources said that officers pointed out Jalpaiguri as the next terror stop in the state, even as the focus of the administration was trained on the border districts of Murshibabad, Malda, Nadia, North 24 Parganas and South 24 Parganas, besides Burdwan and Birbhum. The chief minister assured the NSA that all possible help would be provided.  
The central officers highlighted how ill equipped and ill trained state forces were in handling cross-border terrorism. The question of better co-ordination and intelligence sharing among state and central agencies was also discussed.
Look back on Burdwan
On October 2, residents of Khagragore in Burdwan town heard a loud explosion in a two-storied building, which had been given on rent. Initially, locals thought an LPG cylinder had exploded causing the sound. Soon personnel from fire and emergency services rushed to the spot. They were not allowed to enter the flat. 
From inside the flat, a women warned that anyone who tried to enter would be shot. When officers of the Burdwan police force reached the spot, they forced their way in by breaking the door. Three men were found lying in a pool of blood and two women with two babies (both about a year old)  were trying to burn papers, destroy SIM cards and wipe the blood from the floor. Of the three injured, one was found to have died on the spot. He was identified as Shakil Ahmed. Two were taken to hospital.
One of them, identified as Sobhan Mondal, died shortly afterwards. The third person, Abdul Hakim, was shifted to Kolkata's SSKM hospital and is being treated for injuries to the leg. He is yet to be handed over to the NIA. The police found IEDs, jihadi literature, a good number of SIM cards and a chip, that had the attack on the World Trade Centre downloaded on it. It was found out that the men and women were Jamaat-ul-Mujahidden members, a banned terrorist outfit of Bangladesh (JMB). They were making explosives to launch attacks in Bangladesh and planned to eliminate Bangladesh prime minister Sheikh Hasina. 
On October 11, the NIA started investigating the case. Assisted by NSG explosive experts, the NIA conducted raids across Burdwan and from a house on Badsahi Road, found about 39 IEDs. The CID had sealed the premises of the house a few days prior to the NIA raid, after failing to find anything at the place.
Ground reports from the Bangla border
Following the Burdwan incident, theNIA conducted raids in houses and madrasas in Lalgola, Murshidabad, Karimpur and Nadia. These districts in West Bengal share borders with Bangladesh and have been known to serve as entry-exit points for terrorists. Lalgola is also a hub of heroin-making and smuggling, and is presently under the radar of both state and central security agencies. After the October 2 incident, the BSF has increased its vigil, but sources say that cross-border infiltration continues.
There is little change in ground reality in places along the semi-porous, unfenced sections of the border, including riverine areas, where smuggling and trafficking are common. Private madrasas, unrecognised by the state, continue in districts such as Burdwan, Birbhum, South and North 24 parganas. There has been no initiative from the state government to scrutinize these outfits. Sources in the districts told Hindustan Times that jihadi elements have been told to lie low with some of them making their way to Bihar and Bangladesh after the Burdwan incident. Tension between communities is on the rise. 
Clashes have erupted in Kaliachak of Malda (on October 28-29) where curfew had to be imposed in three police station areas. Meanwhile, Jamiat-e-Ulema-e-Hind, the largest organisation that controls nearly 1,000 madrasas in Bengal held agitations in the districts alleging that the minority community and its institutions are being persecuted.

SEBI to announce new insider trading norms soonSEBI to announce new insider trading norms soon
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 2:  
In its efforts to make listed firms more responsible towards investors, SEBI may announce new insider trading norms as early as next week and also revamp the listing as well as delisting regulations.
The changes are being made after taking into account suggestions made by the industry and other stakeholders —— including market entities and investors —— and are aimed at protecting the interest of minority investors without making the regulatory compliance cumbersome for the companies.
These new norms — to check insider trading menace, to enforce better compliance to continuous listing regulations and to revamp delisting norms for a faster and easier process for those desiring to delist from the stock market — will be put up for approval of SEBI’s board in its next meeting.
Sources said that the final sets of regulations in all these areas may be in place this month itself, beginning as early as next week.
The proposed tightening of norms assumes significance in the wake of Sebi coming across cases of insider trading at not just small companies, but at big corporates as well.
Besides, another set of new regulations would help Sebi take prompter and stricter action against the entities found to be violating listing norms.
“We are revising our prevention of insider trading regulations because we have discovered cases ... unfortunately the cases are not just from small companies but also from big ones,” SEBI Chairman U K Sinha recently said.
The new insider trading norms, which would replace nearly two—decade—old rules in this area, would be substantially based on recommendations of an expert committee constituted by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and the suggestions made thereafter to this panel’s draft proposals.
The panel, chaired by former Chief Justice of Karnataka and Kerala High Courts, K Sodhi, was set up to review the Sebi (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

BSE derivatives turnover spikes to Rs 116 lakh cr for April-OctoberBSE derivatives turnover spikes to Rs 116 lakh cr for April-October
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 2:  
Equity derivative turnover on the BSE has grown substantially to over Rs 116 lakh crore so far in the current fiscal, from year-ago levels, as the exchange has put in place new measures including technology systems for faster trades.
The exchange had recorded trades amounting to about Rs 50 lakh crore, during the April-October period in fiscal 2013-14.
In the last six months itself, the orders per day at BSE has grown nearly three times from 15 crore per day to 45 crore per day, helped by a faster technology.
In terms of volumes, the trades on the exchange also surged to nearly 30 crore in the first seven months of current fiscal as against 16.80 crore in the year—ago period.
BSE, a top exchange globally for the number of listed companies, had upgraded its technology platform to Bolt Plus for all its segments earlier this year.
Following this, the equity derivative segment value on the bourse has stood at Rs 19—24 lakh crore on a monthly basis, as against Rs 5 lakh crore in April.
Number of derivative contracts also surged from 1.5 crore in April to more than 5 crore in the subsequent months.
“BSE implemented new technology in April 2014 which provides response time of 200 micro—seconds with a capacity of 500,000 orders per second.
“It is faster than any exchange by ten times or more in India giving significant advantage to the investors who trade on BSE vis—a—vis other exchanges,” BSE CEO Ashish Chauhan told PTI.
Noting that it had been only six months since the new system was implemented, Chauhan said: “Even within this short period of six months, number of orders per day on BSE has gone up from 15 crore per day to 45 crore per day“.
According to Chauhan, many Indian members and even foreign brokerages who were not trading on BSE earlier have started connecting to the new system.
“We believe even now many exchange technology vendors have not changed their technology to interact with high speed and scale system like the one BSE has implemented at 200 micro seconds.
“We believe it will take some more time for old technology vendors to change to the new faster technology... Only 20 per cent vendors seem to have changed their systems yet. Once the balance 80 per cent technology vendors change their system to become faster to match BSE system, it will perhaps see more than 200 or 300 crore orders per day on routine basis,” he added.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Telcos told to collect Aadhaar number for new connectionsTelcos told to collect Aadhaar number for new connections
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 2:  
The Department of Telecom has asked all mobile operators to collect ‘Aadhaar’ number along with customer application form for issuing new connections and store the unique identification number in their database.
The DoT has also asked the operators to amend their database in two months for adding the ‘Aadhaar’ number.
“It has been decided to collect Aadhaar number along with customer application form (CAF) of mobile telephone applications and store the same in the database along with other data,” DoT sources said.
Sources added that the directive will be applicable in all cases irrespective of the fact that mobile connection is issued by taking ‘Aadhaar’ card or any other document as proof of identity and proof of address.
The government is also working with all stakeholders in resolving the issue regarding use of ‘Aadhaar’ card as a proof of address for procuring new SIM cards in its proposed online verification system.
“The issue regarding use of Aadhaar card as proof of address for procuring new SIM cards in its proposed online verification will be in place in next two months,” Department of Electronics and IT (DeitY) Secretary R S Sharma said last week.
The Home Ministry had raised multiple concerns over using UIDAI number as an address proof in the DoT’s proposed online verification system, citing possible issues in the supporting Aadhaar data.
The Home Ministry had raised concerns over supporting documents submitted by people as proof of identity and proof of address for getting a ‘Aadhaar’ number, sources had said.
The DoT is working on a concept to use ‘Aadhaar’ number for online verification of people seeking mobile connections along with existing process of customer verification.
‘Aadhaar’ card can be also issued to foreign nationals staying in the country. This had also been questioned by the Home Ministry fearing nationals of neighbouring country could attempt to use it to procure Indian identity documents for infiltration.
The Home Ministry had said that unlike ‘Aadhaar’, other acceptable proof of address documents such as passport, driving licence do not have the status of universality and therefore “even higher levels of error in these documents may not translate into comparable volume of security concerns“.
The Home Ministry had also raised concern over involvement of foreign vendors by UIDAI for storing data and has suggested audit of data security.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Theft claim: National Insurance Co Ltd asked to pay over Rs 5LE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

FinMin to meet top bankers on Jan Dhan programmeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

New GDP data with 2011-12 as base year in January2015GDP data based on the new series will be released for three consecutive years from 2011-12 in January next year. Reuters
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 3:12 pm
Seeking to present a more realistic picture of the economy, the government will release a new series of national accounts with 2011-12 as base year for computing the economic growth rate.
The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) data based on the new series will be released for three consecutive years from 2011-12 in January next year.
At present, the GDP is computed on 2004-05 base year.
“The new series will better reflect the economy as it would include more sectors. However, it would be difficult to say whether there would be any significant change in growth rates for the previous years,” National Statistical Commission Chairman Pronab Sen, who was associated with formulation of the new series, said.
He further said that it may take about one year to ascertain about the change in growth rates of different sectors and economy as a whole based on the new series during the previous years.
“As per the revision policy of the national accounts, the estimates for the year 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14, due for release in January 2015, would have been the third revised estimates, second revised and first revised estimates, respectively,” as official statement said.
Since these estimates have been compiled afresh, these would be referred to as “New Series” Estimates, it added.
The government will also be revising the base year for consumer price index (CPI), wholesale price index (WPI) and index of industrial production (IIP).
The new series of IIP and WPI are likely to be released by March 2016. The growth in the new series of IIP and WPI would be incorporated in the provisional estimates of 2014-15, to be released in May 2016.
The National Statistical Commission has suggested that the base year for computing national account should be revised every five years.
The base year of the national accounts is changed periodically to take into account the structural changes which take place in the economy and to depict a true picture of the economy through macro aggregates.
The first official estimates of national income were prepared by the Central Statistical Organisation (CSO) with base year 1948-49 for the estimates at constant prices.
These estimates at constant (1948-49) prices along with the corresponding estimates at current prices and the accounts of the Public Authorities were published in the publication, ‘Estimates of National Income’ in 1956.
With the gradual improvement in the availability of basic data over the years, a comprehensive review of methodology for national accounts statistics has constantly been undertaken with a view to updating the data base and shifting the base year to a more recent year.
The base years of the National Accounts Statistics series have been shifted from 1948-49 to 1960-61 in August 1967; from 1960-61 to 1970-71 in January 1978; from 1970-71 to 1980-81 in continued…

PM to review DeitY s progress on Nov 5PM to review DeitY s progress on Nov 5
Virgin Galactic CEO Richard Branson admits future of space tourism may have  ended  with crashVirgin Galactic CEO Richard Branson admits future of space tourism may have  ended  with crash
Amazon planning new fulfilment centre in GujaratAmazon planning new fulfilment centre in Gujarat
India centre gets nod for Airbus  Boeing pilot trainingIndia centre gets nod for Airbus  Boeing pilot training
Assets of India s financial institutions touch $2.8 trillionAssets of India s financial institutions touch $2.8 trillion
Black money probe: Swiss banks mull anticipatory meauresBlack money probe: Swiss banks mull anticipatory meaures
Maharashtra Cabinet portfolios announced  CM Fadnavis keeps Home HousingAccording to the CMO, the portfolios not specifically allocated to any minister will be with the Chief Minister. (Source: IE archive)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: November 2, 2014 3:47 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 5:08 pm
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis has retained the Ministry of Home, Urban Development, Housing and Health. The allocation of portfolios to his nine other ministers including two ministers of state (juniors) was announced on Sunday afternoon shortly before chief minister left for his home town Nagpur.
The information provided by the Chief Minister Office (CMO) indicated that all those portfolios which have not been assigned to any ministers will be retained by the CM.
The senior most minister Ekanth Khadse who was sulking for being denied the chief minister post has been given Ministry of Revenue, Minorities Development and Wakf, Agriculture, Animal Husbandry, Dairy Development and Fisheries and State Excise. Khadse had served in the Shiv Sena and BJP government in 1995-99.
Another senior leader Sudhir Mungantiwar was given ministry of finance and planning and forest departments. The five-term MLA from Ballarpur in Chandrapur district in Vidarbha had raked the controversy when he pitched the name of union minister Nitin Gadkari for the chief minister post. On Sunday, both Khadse and Mungantiwar said, “We are happy with whatever assignment we get. The idea is to work for the welfare for Maharashtra.”
The leader of opposition in state council, Vinod Tawde will hold the Ministry of School Education, Sports, Higher and Technical Education, Medical Education, Marathi Bhasha and Cultural Affairs.
Talking to The Indian Express, Tawde said, “All these education related subjects have come under one umbrella and it is a very crucial department. I am pleased with the HRD ministry as it includes both school and higher and technical and medical education.”
Prakash Mehta, the MLA from Ghatkopar East seat in Mumbai, has been given industries and mining, and parliamentary affairs. The low profile Chandrakant Patil, an MLC, has been given co-operation, marketing and textiles. He will also handle the public works (including public undertakings) department.
The daughter of late Gopinath Munde, Pankaja Munde-Palwe, has been given the ministry of rural development and water conservation, and women and child development. Gopinath Munde held the ministry of rural development in union government lead by prime minister Narendra Modi.
Asenior BJP leader Vishnu Savara, the MLA from Vikramgadh seat in Palghar district, will be in-charge of tribal development, social justice and special assistance.
Minister of State Dilip Kamble has been allotted Tribal Development, Social Justice and Special Assistance departments.
Vidya Thakur will be MoS for Rural Development and Water Conservation, and Women and Child Development departments.

Maharashtra Cabinet portfolios announced; CM Fadnavis keeps Home  HousingYou are here: Home > Collections
Maharashtra Cabinet portfolios announced; CM Devendra Fadnavis keeps Home, Housing
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 03.46PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Pankaja Munde, who was made…)
MUMBAI: Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today allocated portfolios to his ten-member council of ministers while keeping the Home, Urban Development, Housing and Health departments with himself.
As per the information provided by the CMO, the portfolios not specifically allocated to any minister will be with the Chief Minister.
Senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse has been given revenue, minorities development and wakf, agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy development and fisheries, and state excise.
Former state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar has been given finance and planning, and forest departments.
Vinod Tawde will hold charge of school education and sports, higher and technical education, medical education, Marathi Bhasha and cultural affairs.
Prakash Mehta , the MLA from Ghatkopar East seat in Mumbai, has been given industries and mining, and parliamentary affairs.
Chandrakant Patil, an MLC, has been given co-operation, marketing and textiles. He will also handle the public works (including public undertakings) department.
Pankaja Munde , who was made the state BJP core committee member after the death of her father Gopinath Munde, will be in-charge of rural development and water conservation, and women and child development.
Vishnu Savara, the MLA from Vikramgadh seat in Palghar district, will be in-charge of tribal development, social justice and special assistance.
Minister of State Dilip Kamble has been allotted tribal development, social justice and special assistance departments.
Besides, Vidya Thakur will be MoS for rural development and water conservation, and women and child development departments.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold May Drop to Rs 24 500 by December if Rupee Stays Constant: AnalystsConsumers to Get Choice to Select Power Discom: Piyush Goyal
Mumbai: Gold prices are likely to decline further to around Rs 24,500 per 10 grams by December if the rupee continues to rule at the current level, say analysts.
"We expect the gold prices to remain bearish and if the rupee continues to rule at current level the yellow metal may touch Rs 24,500 level by December. We expect gold to consolidate in a week or two, then continue to decline further from mid or end of December," Motilal Oswal Associate vice president-commodities Kishore Narne told PTI here.
MCX gold was at Rs 26,143 per 10 grams on Saturday while it was at $1,173.30 an ounce in the international market.
The major fundamental behind the bearishness of gold is the improving US economy, Mr Narne said.
"The better than expected economic condition in the US is likely to lead to rise in interest rates, which will further strengthen the US dollar that will put more pressure on gold," he said.
In the international market, gold is expected to rule at $1,080-1,120 level by the end of this year, he added.
Echoing similar views, Commtrendz Research director Gnanasekar Thiagarajan said the prices are expected to be around Rs 25,000-25,500 by December if the rupee continues at the current 61 levels.
The further decline in prices may lead to production cuts, which is likely to be positive for gold and help in firming up of prices of the yellow metal, he said.
In the international market, gold is likely to be at $1,100-1,075 level by December.
"The bearishness is mostly due to strengthening of US dollar, which is leading to bullishness in the equity markets putting pressure on commodities across the board, including gold," he added.
Expectations of an interest rate hike by mid next year, the improving US economy, bearish trend in crude price, stable geo-political issues and strengthening US dollar will put pressure on gold prices in the mid-term, said Naveen Mathur, associate director-commodities and currencies at Angel Broking.
"Gold is expected to be around Rs 25,500 level by December, after which it may begin to firm up on higher demand triggered by lower prices," he said.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 15:54 (IST)

BJP attacks Vadra over journo incidentBJP attacks Vadra over journo incident
British banker arrested in Hong Kong double murder caseBritish banker arrested in Hong Kong double murder case
Why Western Ghats in Karnataka receive more monsoon rainfallIndian Meteorological Department , Western Ghats region, rainfall study, October 30, 2014
Updated: October 31, 2014 13:44 IST
Why Western Ghats in Karnataka receive more monsoon rainfall
K. S. RAJGOPAL
The Hindu The continuous topography of the Ghats in Karnataka serve as a barrier to rain-bearing winds from crossing over. Photo: K. Murali Kumar
TOPICS
weather
In a recent study of rainfall trends using remotely sensed satellite data and actual field data from the Indian Meteorological Department of the Western Ghats region over the past 14 years, it was found that during the monsoon months of June, July, August, September, the average rainfall was more over Karnataka than Maharashtra and Kerala.
The Western Ghats run parallel to the Arabian Sea coast for approximately 1,600 km from the Maharashtra-Gujarat border to the southern tip of Kerala.
There are several reasons for this. First, the mountain topography in Karnataka is broader than the narrow topography of the Ghats in Maharashtra. Due to the greater width of the mountains, the rain bearing winds have to necessarily travel a longer distance and have more time for the drops to coalesce and precipitate as rainfall, resulting in higher rainfall. In contrast, the narrow width of the Ghats in Maharashtra allows the rain-bearing wind to cross over to the leeward side rapidly before precipitation can occur. As for Kerala, the Ghats there are in the form of isolated mountains, where the rain-bearing winds can easily cross over to the leeward side through the gaps in between without precipitation occurring.
Second, the slope of the mountain has a direct bearing on the possibility of precipitation. This is borne out by the Ghats of Karnataka where the mountains are gently sloping, compared to the steep slopes of the Ghats in Maharashtra and Kerala.
The air parcel will retain its energy and speed for a longer time when the slope is gradual. This will provide sufficient vertical motion to cloud droplets to grow by collision–coalescence process and hence form precipitation.
Third, the gentle slope provides a greater area for sunlight absorption and heating leading to greater convection when compared with an abrupt slope i.e. less Ghat area such as that of the Maharashtra and Kerala Ghats.
Fourth, the continuous mountain range presents a greater barrier to rain-bearing winds than a range comprising isolated mountains with gaps in between where the winds can easily pass to the leeward side. Unlike in the case of Kerala, the Ghats in Maharashtra and Karnataka are continuous.
In the International Journal of Climatology, Ms Sayli A. Tawde and Ms. Charu Singh present the results of the study of the effects of topography of the western Ghats on the rainfall that the Ghats receive during the summer monsoon or the southwest monsoon. Ms Sayli A. Tawde, presently a PhD student in the Centre for Atmospheric & Ocean Sciences, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, has carried out this work as a part of her M. Tech project under the supervision of Ms. Charu Singh, a scientist at Marine and Atmospheric Sciences Department, Indian Institute of Remote Sensing, ISRO, Dehradun, Uttarakhand.
Interestingly, the study found that often areas of heavy rainfall were far away from the summits of the mountains, as much as 50 km away.
“The reason for this is that there is more chance of rainfall occurring at the foot of the mountain as there is greater depth for the moisture in the clouds to coalesce into big drops which finally reach the ground,” notes Ms Tawde in an email to this correspondent.
The Andes mountains of Chile run parallel to Chile’s Pacific coast and boast of some of the highest peaks in the world. Lying in the rain shadow of the mountains is the Atacama desert — one of the most desolate, barren and hostile deserts in the world. Most of the precipitation from rain bearing winds falls on the windward side or on the mountains themselves and hence the barrenness of the Atacama desrert. Had the western ghats been as lofty as the Andes or the Himalayas, the mountains and the rain shadow region would not boast of the dense vegetation and rich biodiversity of flora and fauna as they do now.
RELATED NEWS

On way to Wankhede  all were for Modi  none for his Swachh Bharat Abhiyan(Right) Supporters trample BJP flags while rushing out of Wankhede; (left) on way to the venue. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Dipti Nagpaul | Mumbai | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:37 am
It’s five minutes to 4.26 pm – the ‘muhurata’ for Devendra Fadnavis to take oath as Maharashtra’s chief minister. Finished with their box of snacks distributed complimentary, a group of BJP workers from Vijaynagar, Nashik, seated in the Sunil Gavaskar Pavilion at the Wankhede Stadium, starts to chant Modi’s name, more out of boredom than real enthusiasm that hours of travel and the unrelenting heat has sapped them of. No senior BJP leaders are yet in sight.
Soon, the entire stand erupts with calls of ‘Modi ji tum aage chalo, hum tumhare saath hain’, crowds bring out their BJP paper flags. There’s little doubt that the 35,000-strong audience assembled at the stadium is here to see their PM, and that Fadnavis’s swearing-in ceremony is merely an excuse.
For most, it was simply a reason to party.
The bus from Dahisar’s Shiv Mandir in Anand Nagar was supposed to leave for Wankhede at 1 pm. But it’s nearing 1.10 pm and there is no sign of either the people or the bus, arranged by the BJP president of Ward 2, Bhakti Singh. The first supporter to arrive, Ashok Mishra, says sourcing the BJP paraphernalia, flags and such, caused the delay. Soon, a group of close to 15 men and two women, mostly Gujaratis, gather. The mood is festive and scarves in orange and green bearing BJP’s party symbol are distributed.
The bus leaves at 2 pm. A pit-stop is made to collect a parcel of snacks and a few “kalkatta saada”. The moment we hit the highway, the bus gathers speed and the ward’s treasurer, Vivek Seth, takes out a box of samosas. Soon, everyone is handed out a paper plate; samosas, kachoris and barfi follow. There’s a suggestion to play antakshari. Thwarted by Seth, Bharti Dave, a mahila adhyaksh with the ward, instead says, “Let’s sing Modiji’s praises.” They settle for films songs on the bus radio, until the system goes kaput.
While some go for a second helping, a plate of leftovers is flung out of the window by an aged gentleman sitting in front. The initial spell of silence, perhaps triggered by a reporter’s presence among them, is soon overcome by Dave’s suggestion to use a plastic bag. “Modiji ne Swachh Bharat Abhiyan chalaya hai,” she announces.
As the refuse is being collected in the bag, jibes at Shiv Sena are rife. “Let’s send the leftovers to Matoshree,” someone offers.
Since we are behind schedule, the group decides to take the sea link. But the vote is unanimous: “We won’t pay the toll”.
When the bus queues up a the toll counter, waving the BJP flag does the trick. A loud cheer and a call of ‘Bharat Mata ki jai’ follows.
The demonstration of patriotism hits a feverish pitch continued…

Sunday ET | Affordable housing: What govt s...Why the World Bank is facing a crisis of confidence and what it means for India
Seema Sirohi Nov 2, 2014, 11.32AM IST
Tags:
(It's a searing lesson for…)
Because something is happening here But you don't know what it is, Do you, Mister Jones?
The lines from Bob Dylan's Ballad of a Thin Man, a furious inquisition of a philistine who enters a world he doesn't understand, aptly describe recent events at the World Bank where an "outsider" president, trying to restructure the largest development institution, is faced with fierce questioning on his ideas and methods.
Reorganizing a behemoth of 10,000 employees is no easy task but critics say that President Jim Yong Kim, a physician and anthropologist by training, has gone about his plan to slash $400 million with the delicacy of a hammer, not a scalpel. Anxiety among staff members is high, the morale low and uncertainty reigns.
It's a searing lesson for the BRICS countries as they go about setting up their development bank. The history of of the World Bank and its presidents could be a textbook on how not to be.
President Kim, a Korean American, is caught in a fullfledged culture war — development experts resent his topdown approach, insiders bristle at the outsider's arrogance, sensitized employees question his "dismissive" manner and watchdogs are appalled at his top dogs pocketing hefty bonuses while others get "nickeled and dimed".
The primary charges against Kim: a lack of transparency in the restructuring process, not releasing the budget for projects in time, creating a more centralized decision-making process while promising the opposite, selecting "yes men" of questionable expertise for top positions in newly created silos while firing well-respected managers and finally, losing sight of the clients which are the 188 member countries — for whom the Bank presumably exists.
Secondary charges: a general cluelessness, a proclivity towards control and an over reliance on outside consultants like McKinsey, Deloitte and Booz Allen. Their bill: $12.5 million.
The immediate cause for the open revolt earlier this month, which resulted in "work stoppages" and silent assemblies, was news that Bertrand Badre, the Bank's chief financial officer (CFO), had got an ostentatious bonus in the middle of cost cutting. The explosive information was meticulously dug out and collated by Fabrice Houdart, a young country director whose fearlessness has won him many fans.
Badre received a "scarce skills premium" of $189,000 over two years in addition to his annual salary of $379,000. More egregiously, the bonus came in fiscal year 2014 when the Bank took a financial hit of $203 million on bonds it owned in an Austrian bank that went under. "The decision is inexplicable in a year when the bank put zero money in reserves," said a source in the Bank's governing board of directors.
The Staff Association, experts and data crunchers, asked on September 25: "At a time of employment insecurity, staff downsizing and belt-tightening, we are mystified as to how president Kim and his senior management could be so blind to the optics."
A Sense of Fear
Now Houdart, the whistleblower, is apparently under investigation despite Kim's explicit promises that there would be no retaliation against those who spoke up. A three-man team went to Houdart's office on October 14 and removed the memory disk from his scanner without an explanation. The timing of the operation has led to questions about motives and created a sense of fear. "We have no comment," said the Bank's official spokesman David Theis.
"I have been placed under investigation...( but) let us not let ourselves be intimidated," Houdart wrote on the Bank's internal blog, a copy of which was obtained by ET Magazine. He is ostensibly being targeted for an alleged leak five months ago of an internal draft document on the Bank's new environmental and social safety standards. The document showed the Bank's intention to dilute those standards. Houdart said he had "no access" to the confidential document as a senior country officer.
Meanwhile, other bits of malodorous information about the creamy layer continue to trickle out — how Badre flew to Paris for D-Day celebrations on the Bank's dime, how he teaches a class in Paris and gets compensated. Theis said Badre's trips to Paris follow the Bank's "operational travel policies" and the ethics department had cleared his "small stipend" from the Paris institute.
But Caesar's wife must be above suspicion, as they say. Paul Cadario, a former senior manager of the Bank, says the continuous trickle of negative stories are symptoms of "a spreading lack of trust in leadership and in the example they set, which is far more damaging to the health and effectiveness of any organization, particularly one with goals as noble and important as the Bank's". Cadario, who retired in 2012 after 37 years at the Bank, is unimpressed with the way Kim has handled the process.

If you have info on black money  share it wi...Black Money
(The Special Investigation…)
NEW DELHI: Anyone who has specific and definite information on black money can share it with Supreme Court-appointed SIT going into the issue that can crack down on those stashing money abroad and at home.
The Special Investigation Team (SIT), headed by former Supreme Court judge Justice M B Shah, will open a channel of communication shortly through which the public can use to share "definite" information and vital inputs about black money including foreign bank accounts.
The SIT, which also has former apex court judge Justice Arijit Pasayat as Vice-Chairman, has said such a step was aimed at detecting and prosecuting all direct or indirect instances of illegal generation of funds and evasion of government taxes.
"We will be issuing a public advertisement in this regard very soon...may be within a week's time. Members of the public can write to the SIT through the Internet and send to it to the official email id which will be publicised or send it by post to the secretariat of the panel," Justice Pasayat told PTI.
He, however, said that any information sent to the SIT should be "definite and specific" about the reported black money instance.
"The public can share with us the name, address, bank details or any other such vital information which can be verified and acted upon. Once we receive it, the agencies on the panel, according to the requirements of the respective case, will be asked to look into it," he said.
Justice Pasayat said the exercise is meant to bring the public closer to the SIT which has the mandate to deal with the problem of unaccounted money and to initiate legal action against the offenders, both in India and abroad.
Public could give specific information, even preferring anonymity. "But if the information is vague then it will be futile to act on such a thing as it will involve a lot of efforts by the agencies on this panel-- whether it is the Income Tax department, the CBI or the Central Excise department," the SIT Vice-Chairman said.
"We wouldn't want speculative information. We can assure the country that a good information on any type of black money instance will be acted upon," Justice Pasayat said.
Meanwhile, sources said the modalities on launching the portal will be framed soon. It would be akin to a similar effort which was launched by the government in June 2011 when the Finance Ministry had launched a black money email feedback service for the public to share ideas in this regard.
The 2011 initiative, in which an email id bm-feedback@nic.in was launched, was meant to invite ideas and suggestions from the public to tighten the mechanism and rules in the country to check black money.
This time the SIT is keen only on actionable information which will be taken to logical and legal conclusion. Its results will also be disclosed to the public as and when the legal process against an offender comes to a close, the sources said.
They said the SIT secretariat has already been given the required staff by the Finance Ministry to perform clerical and data analysis tasks.
The SIT has recently got a list of 627 accounts of Indians in the HSBC bank, Geneva, from the Supreme Court which has asked it submit a latest status report in this regard by this month-end or early December.
With the specific agenda of thrashing out issues and ensure coordination, the government on Friday appointed outgoing CBDT Chairman K V Chowdary as an Advisor to this high-powered panel which has the heads of 11 different agencies and departments on it.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Efforts to bring back black money on right track: PM Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money probe: Swiss banks mull anticipatorymeauresPrint
Banks in Switzerland are running from pillar to post to safeguard their interest. Reuters
By: Press Trust of India | Berne/new Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 3:49 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 9:34 pm
As probe into suspected black money stashed abroad by Indians gathers steam, banks in Switzerland are running from pillar to post to safeguard their interest while some are also considering financial provisions in their books for possible penal actions and legal costs.
At the same time, banks are also lobbying with the Swiss government to insist on putting in place necessary measures in their information-exchange and administrative assistance frameworks with India for safeguarding the interest of banking institutions during the subsequent prosecution and other legal or regulatory proceedings in the black money cases.
Sources, however, said that the role of some banks, as also that of certain bankers, has already come under scanner for acting in concert with the suspected black money hoarders and also for making ‘safe haven’ promises for their funds.
The suspected lapses on the part of at least three large European banks, including two from Switzerland itself and the third having a significant presence in the Alpine nation, are also being probed for allegedly facilitating re-routing funds of certain Indian corporate houses back into their listed companies as foreign investments.
Capital market watchdog Sebi is probing at least three large global banks and many Indian companies for alleged round tripping of funds by way of multi-layered transactions, while the regulatory noose has further tightened in these cases with involvement of other regulatory and enforcement agencies.
Such transactions are suspected to have taken place in case of 15-20 Indian companies, a senior official said, but refused to disclose their names as also that of the banks saying it might impede the investigations.
Some portfolio managers at some banks, which have a significant presence in the Indian financial markets, could have helped clients route money back into the country as foreign funds using investment vehicles across jurisdictions.
So far, the focus of this Supreme Court monitored probe has mainly remained on the persons and entities from India suspected to have stashed illicit wealth in overseas locations including Swiss banks.
However, as the probe moves further, including by a Special Investigation Team (SIT) with two former Supreme Court judges as Chairman and Vice-Chairman along with members from various investigative and regulatory agencies, the banks are turning wary about possible action against them going ahead.
Senior executives at various banks, including three large ones headquartered in Switzerland and the Swiss units of some major European banks, said that they are considering making financial provisions as anticipatory measures to deal with any action involving them in India’s black money probe.
The banks are also said to be lobbying with the Swiss government that it should ask the Indian authorities to put in place a ‘settlement’ mechanism to deal with the suspected entities, including the banks and their customers, before seeking any assistance in its black money probe.
On the other hand, some banks are continued…

http://usat.ly/1tPWpWkHow long to refinance a mortgage
Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND.
Post to Facebook
How long to refinance a mortgage Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tLDyup
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
How long to refinance a mortgage
Robert Powell, USA WEEKEND 9:30 a.m. EDT November 1, 2014
Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND.
USA WEEKEND personal finance advice columnist, Robert Powell
(Photo: Josh T. Reynolds for USA WEEKEND)
Veteran personal finance journalist Robert Powell answers your questions for USA WEEKEND.
How long does it take to refinance a mortgage?
— Mary Pena, Commerce City, Colo.
Normally, it takes 30 to 45 days for a conventional loan, says John Councilman, president of AMC Mortgage and the president of National Association of Mortgage Brokers.
"However, there are many variables that can lengthen that time," Councilman says. "Appraisers can take longer in some areas, (and) self-employed borrowers take more time. Explaining credit issues to the underwriter's satisfaction, bank deposits that are not attributable to their job and the like all can add to the turn time."
One factor that can shorten or lengthen the time, says Councilman, is how quickly and adequately the borrower returns documents, disclosures and requests for information.
For more information about refinancing a mortgage, read: A Consumer's Guide to Mortgage Refinancing , published by the Federal Reserve, and Mortgage Transfers and Refinancing , published by USA.gov. Also, when shopping for a lender, do compare rates between mortgage brokers and banks.
Read more of Robert's advice here. Submit a question below.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tLDyup
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Sahara Chief Shells Out Rs 31 Lakh for Tihar Jail Special Facilities: ReportSahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: Sahara group has paid Rs 31 lakh to Tihar Jail authorities as charges for the stay of its chief Subrata Roy in an air-conditioned facility and using services like phone, internet and video conferencing for 57 days to negotiate sale of his luxury hotels abroad.
Mr Roy was allowed by the Supreme Court to use the jail's conference room to negotiate sale of his hotels in order to collect Rs 10,000 crore for his bail.
"The payment was made by the Sahara group a few days before the withdrawal of special services. An amount of Rs 31 lakh has been submitted to us that includes the expenses of security, electricity charges, food etc.," a senior jail official told PTI.
Mr Roy, 65, stayed in the special facility for a total of 57 days with his two directors Ashok Roy Choudhary and Ravi Shankar Dubey from August 5 to September 30.
In a letter to Tihar Jail authorities recently, Mr Roy had demanded restoration of the facilities saying that almost 80 per cent of the deal was fixed and that withdrawal of services may lead to its cancellation.
He had also demanded enhanced security claiming threat to his life.
Mr Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year for non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, including Rs 5,000 crore in cash and the rest in bank guarantee.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 21:31 (IST)

Searching for a bigger Google missionFacebook country
Mark Zuckerberg’s ‘nation state’ plans
Looking forward 100 years from now at the possibilities that are opening up, he says: “We could probably solve a lot of the issues we have as humans.”
It is a decade on from the first flush of idealism that accompanied its stock market listing, and all Google ’s talk of “don’t be evil” and “making the world a better place” has come to sound somewhat quaint. Its power and wealth have stirred resentment and brought a backlash , in Europe in particular, where it is under investigation for how it wields its monopoly power in internet search.
Page, however, is not shrinking an inch from the altruistic principles or the outsized ambitions that he and co-founder Sergey Brin laid down in seemingly more innocent times. “The societal goal is our primary goal,” he says. “We’ve always tried to say that with Google. I think we’ve not succeeded as much as we’d like.”
Even Google’s famously far-reaching mission statement, to “organise the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful”, is not big enough for what he now has in mind. The aim: to use the money that is spouting from its search advertising business to stake out positions in boom industries of the future, from biotech to robotics.
Asked whether this means Google needs a new mission statement, he says: “I think we do, probably.” As to what it should be: “We’re still trying to work that out.”
‘Basically, our goal is to organise the world’s information and to make it universally accessible and useful’ — 2001
When we met recently for a wide-ranging interview at his company’s Silicon Valley headquarters, Page displayed the characteristically tentative personal style that is a marked contrast to the definitive self-assurance of most corporate bosses. No doubt aware of the added responsibility that comes with running a company with 55,000 workers that is increasingly under the spotlight, he also chooses his words more carefully than he once did. But there has been no apparent change to the ambition and the expansiveness of his ideas – even if, as the father of two young children, he says he has become more conscious of long-term issues such as education.
Page finds himself at the helm of one of the world’s most powerful tech companies at a moment in history when the onrush of technological change is threatening to bring sweeping social and business disruption. Google’s goals are bigger than most – yet, even as it pours money into new ventures, the cash keeps piling up. It now exceeds $62bn.
“We’re in a bit of uncharted territory,” he says. “We’re trying to figure it out. How do we use all these resources . . . and have a much more positive impact on the world?” For Google’s investors, who have already become wary recently about the size of the company’s massive bets on the long-term future, this could be just the beginning.
As Page sees it, it all comes down to ambition – a commodity of which the world simply doesn’t have a large enough supply. In the midst of one of its periodic booms, Silicon Valley , still the epicentre of the tech business world, has become short-sighted, he says. While arguing that the Valley isn’t fundamentally “broken”, he agrees that it is overheated – though how much that matters is a different issue.
“There’s definitely a lot of capital and excitement, and these things tend to happen in cycles,” he says. “But 100 years from now you’re probably not going to care about that.”
©Steve Jennings/WireImage
‘You may think using Google’s great, but I still think it’s terrible’ — 2003
Much of the money pouring into the tech industry is drawn by the promise of easy profits from the latest consumer internet boom, he says. “You can make an internet company with 10 people and it can have billions of users. It doesn’t take much capital and it makes a lot of money – a really, really lot of money – so it’s natural for everyone to focus on those kinds of things.”
Page estimates that only about 50 investors are chasing the real breakthrough technologies that have the potential to make a material difference to the lives of most people on earth. If there is something holding these big ideas back, it is not a shortage of money or even the barrier of insurmountable technical hurdles. When breakthroughs of the type he has in mind are pursued, it is “not really being driven by any fundamental technical advance. It’s just being driven by people working on it and being ambitious,” he says. Not enough institutions – particularly governments – are thinking expansively enough about these issues: “We’re probably underinvested as a world in that.”
To the question of whether a private company, rather than governments, should be throwing its weight behind some of the world’s most long-range and ambitious science projects, he retorts: “Well, somebody’s got to do it.”
This is where Page’s engineer’s mind comes into play. The son of a computer science professor father, he likes, according to people who know him, nothing more in internal meetings than to burrow deep into technical issues. He describes, for instance, how he drills down into how Google’s data centres are run, following the issue of how much the company pays for power into questions about the design of electricity grids. With the right focus and application, he implies, there’s nothing that can’t be improved and made to run more efficiently.
©Getty
‘Lots of companies don’t succeed over time. What do they fundamentally do wrong? They usually miss the future’ — 2005
A recent visit to a start-up working on nuclear fusion has enthused him with the possibility of a breakthrough in low-cost energy. Another start-up has surprised him by being able to “read” the mind of a human subject being shown visual images. “A really smart group of committed people with $50m can make a lot of progress on some of these problems. But not enough of that’s happening,” he says.
Some of Google’s own big bets are in areas that he describes as being at the “fringes” – things that seem open to a technological solution but which, for some reason, have not received concerted attention. As examples, he picks self-driving cars and the diseases that afflict older people – the latter a field that his wife worked in at a lab at Stanford University. “It wasn’t a high-status thing,” he says. Through a new biotech arm called Calico , Google is now planning to plough hundreds of millions of dollars of its own into the area.
“We do benefit from the fact that once we say we’re going to do it, people believe we can do it, because we have the resources,” he says. “Google helps in that way: there aren’t many funding mechanisms like that.”
But compared with its heady early days, when every brash initiative was welcomed by an adoring public with the indulgence of a parent celebrating a child’s finger paintings, the onrush of technological change has started to stir up fear.
“I think people see the disruption but they don’t really see the positive,” says Page. “They don’t see it as a life-changing kind of thing . . . I think the problem has been people don’t feel they are participating in it.”
A perennial optimist when it comes to technology, he argues that all that will change. Rapid improvements in artificial intelligence, for instance, will make computers and robots adept at most jobs. Given the chance to give up work, nine out of 10 people “wouldn’t want to be doing what they’re doing today”.
What of people who might regret losing their work? Once jobs have been rendered obsolete by technology, there is no point wasting time hankering after them, says Page. “The idea that everyone should slavishly work so they do something inefficiently so they keep their job – that just doesn’t make any sense to me. That can’t be the right answer.”
©Reuters
‘We want to create beautiful, intuitive services and technologies that are so incredibly useful that people use them twice a day. Like they use a toothbrush’ — 2006
He sees another boon in the effect that technology will have on the prices of many everyday goods and services. A massive deflation is coming: “Even if there’s going to be a disruption on people’s jobs, in the short term that’s likely to be made up by the decreasing cost of things we need, which I think is really important and not being talked about.”
New technologies will make businesses not 10 per cent, but 10 times more efficient, he says. Provided that flows through into lower prices: “I think the things you want to live a comfortable life could get much, much, much cheaper.”
Collapsing house prices could be another part of this equation. Even more than technology, he puts this down to policy changes needed to make land more readily available for construction. Rather than exceeding $1m, there’s no reason why the median home in Palo Alto, in the heart of Silicon Valley, shouldn’t cost $50,000, he says.
For many, the thought of upheavals like this in their personal economics might seem pie in the sky – not to mention highly disturbing. The prospect of millions of jobs being rendered obsolete, private-home values collapsing and the prices of everyday goods going into a deflationary spiral hardly sounds like a recipe for nirvana. But in a capitalist system, he suggests, the elimination of inefficiency through technology has to be pursued to its logical conclusion.
“You can’t wish away these things from happening, they are going to happen,” says Page. “You’re going to have some very amazing capabilities in the economy. When we have computers that can do more and more jobs, it’s going to change how we think about work. There’s no way around that. You can’t wish it away.”
. . .
When it comes to discussing policy, Page, like many technocrats, quickly sounds frustrated by the intractability of issues that are not susceptible to the kind of rigour he brings to his technological inquiries. “I do think there’s a tremendous amount of angst about these things and we’ve got to turn it round,” he says, though he has few concrete ideas about how to do that. “As a society, it’s very difficult to do something differently, and I don’t think that’s good.
©Eyevine
'If we were motivated by money, we would have sold the company a long time ago and ended up on a beach’ — 2006
“Some of the most fundamental questions which people are not thinking about, there’s the question of how do we organise people, how do we motivate people,” he says. “It’s a really interesting problem, how do we organise our democracies? If you look at satisfaction in the US, it’s not going up, it’s going down. That’s pretty worrying.”
In a reference to what he sees as Europe’s weak support for entrepreneurialism and technology, he adds: “I think many of the problems in Europe are like that.”
Another obstacle lies closer to home. In reaching for the tech industry’s ultimate prizes, Google may already be knocking up against the limits of what it is possible for one company to do. Page relates a frequent debate that he says he had with Steve Jobs, the boss of Apple, who died three years ago: “He would always tell me, You’re doing too much stuff. I’d be like, You’re not doing enough stuff.”
The argument he made to Jobs: “It’s unsatisfying to have all these people, and we have all these billions we should be investing to make people’s lives better. If we just do the same things we did before and don’t do something new, it seems like a crime to me.”
But the idealism does not blind him to the problem of his own ambition. “What Steve said is right – you, Larry, can only manage so many things.” If he – and Google – are to win, they will have to beat the odds that have held big companies back in the past, particularly in the tech industry, where few leaders from one generation of technology have made it big in the next.
‘Sometimes it’s important to wake up and stop dreaming. When a really great dream shows up, grab it’ — 2009
“The biggest companies are all within an order of magnitude of the same size, certainly in market cap,” says Page, who has a palpable sense of the limits against which his company is already pushing. “You say we’re going to take over all these important things, but there’s no example of a company doing that.”
His thinking about how to break through the invisible ceiling seems to have been evolving of late. Google X, the internal lab that was the brainchild of Brin, marked a first attempt to back big new ideas, with projects such as Glass and the driverless car. Despite Brin stepping back from Google’s main business, Page still describes them as close allies. “We spent a lot of time together . . . there are very few people who share that experience,” he says. Of Brin’s constant agitation to reach for the biggest bets, he adds: “He’s always on the more extreme side, which is important.”
Now, moving beyond X, Page is experimenting with setting up freestanding business units with semi-independent leaders charged with building big new businesses under the wing of Google. Besides Calico, Google has revealed in recent days that these will include the “smart home” division Nest , as well as a new unit comprising its investments in internet access and energy. Google has also quickly emerged in the past two years as the biggest venture capitalist in Silicon Valley.
There is no model for the kind of company Google wants to become, says Page. But if there’s a single person who represents many of the qualities he thinks will be needed for the task ahead, then it’s famed investor Warren Buffett.
Sounding not at all like the idealistic young technologist who once spoke of brain implants that would answer questions by the power of thought, he says: “One thing we’re doing is providing long-term, patient capital.”
He is at an age where he can still afford to take the long view. But with an ambition that shows few bounds, patience may be another matter.
Richard Waters is the FT’s US West Coast editor
Photographs: David Black; Steve Jennings/WireImage; Getty; Reuters; Eyevine
-------------------------------------------

World Bank to Create up to 300 Posts in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
World Bank to Cut 500 Jobs Globally, Create New Posts in India
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 00:29 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
Washington: The World Bank plans to slash 500 jobs in the next three years globally, even as it looks to create up to 300 new positions in India to meet business needs.
The global lender's decision to trim 500 jobs and cancel about 70 existing open vacancies comes after reviewing its "business strategies" for months.
In an internal memo, World Bank Group president Jim Yong Kim said some important strategic decisions have been taken regarding the staff working for Institutional, Governance and Administrative units (IG&As).
"After several months of analysis that examined our business direction and priorities in the respective IG&As, we decided on a net reduction of around 250 positions for these units," Mr Kim said in the memo obtained by PTI.
Even as it embarks on trimming its workforce, World Bank expects to create about 250 to 300 new positions, mostly in Chennai, India.
"At the same time, preliminary estimates show 250 to 300 new positions will need to be created, with a large share in Chennai, to meet business needs," Mr Kim said.
The World Bank Group has a significant presence in India.
According to the memo, IG&As expect to reduce around 500 positions over the period FY15 to end-FY17, through attrition, redeployment, and redundancies.
World Bank follows July-June cycle as financial year.
The job cuts would be spread across Finance and Technology, Internal Justice and Oversight, among other areas.
Besides, around 70 positions, which are currently open, would be cancelled.
"Staffing decisions are always challenging. But we feel confident that the changes we are making will help us better align our staffing to our strategy, which is what our clients want and what we must deliver," the memo said.
Explaining the rationale behind the move, Mr Kim said these staff decisions based on three principles - clarity, impartiality, and sensitivity.
"For staffing decisions, we must have a business rationale that is clearly articulated; we must ensure there are no favourites, no discrimination, and no retaliation," he said.
Emphasising the need to ensure that all career transitions are as smooth and considerate as possible, the World Bank chief said a Transition Support Unit has been set up.
"Staffing decisions are always challenging. But we feel confident that the changes we are making will help us better align our staffing to our strategy, which is what our clients want and what we must deliver."
Next steps related to the expenditure review and strategic staffing in operations would be unveiled next week.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 23:59 (IST)

Markets Have Blast Post-Diwali Too; Sensex  Nifty Hit New PeakIndia Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
Mumbai: Riding high on a slew of positive developments on domestic and global fronts, the shares galloped in the just-concluded week with the key benchmark indices scaling never seen before levels.
Both the S&P BSE benchmark Sensex and CNX Nifty conquered new historic peaks in post-Diwali week on persistent buying on hopes of more reform measures from the Narendra Modi Government.
There were also expectations of better growth in the second half of the current fiscal besides heavy buying by foreign funds.
Strong global rally after Japan unexpectedly expanded its monetary stimulus programme and US economy grew at a robust pace also boosted the domestic market sentiment.
Investors cheered the Modi Government's move to ease FDI rules in construction sector and the US Federal Reserve's decision to stick to low interest rate regime.
Brokers said fresh dose of capital inflows, healthy corporate earnings and rating agency Moody's favourable report on rating profile of India also boosted buying, as investors bought shares across-the-board.
The Sensex resumed strong at 26,959.57 and continued to move upwards to settle at a new historic high of 27,894.32 before concluding the week at 27,865.83, showing a robust rise of 1,014.78 points, or 3.78 per cent, over the last week.
The 30-share index has gained a staggering 1,757.30 points, or 6.73, per cent, in the two weeks.
The 50-issue CNX Nifty of NSE also flared up by 307.65 points, or 3.84 per cent, to finish at 8,322.20 after hitting a fresh lifetime high of 8,330.75.
"Much-needed reforms from the new government, strong Q2 performance by India Inc, Fed's low interest rate regime combined with Bank of Japan's sudden stimulus announcement gave the markets a huge boost," said Hiren Dhakan, associate fund manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Sentiment also got a leg up after the US released forecast-beating economic growth data on Thursday. The world's biggest economy grew at a healthy 3.5 per cent in the September quarter.
Continued fall in global crude oil prices and renewed buying by foreign funds fuelled the spectacular rally.
"Fed's statement (on keeping interest rates low) injected confidence in the markets. This, combined with strong earnings performance by index stocks, took markets beyond all their previous highs," said Rakesh Goyal, senior vice-president, Bonanza Portfolio.
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) and FIIs bought shares net Rs 3,953.96 crore during the week, as per the SEBI's record, including the provisional figure of October 31.
Twenty-seven scrips out of the 30-share Sensex pack finished higher, while only three ended lower.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 15:36 (IST)

China s October Factory Growth Hits 5-Month Low: Official PMIECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
Beijing: China's factory activity unexpectedly fell to a five-month low in October as firms fought slowing orders and rising costs in the cooling economy, reinforcing views that the country's growth outlook is hazy at best.
The official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) eased to 50.8 in October from September's 51.1, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Saturday, but above the 50-point level that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis.
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast a reading of 51.2.
Underscoring the challenges facing the world's second-largest economy, the PMI showed foreign and domestic demand slipped to five- and six-month lows, respectively, with overseas orders shrinking slightly on a monthly basis.
"There remains downward pressure on the economy, and monetary policy will remain easy," economists at China International Capital Corp said in a note to clients after the data.
Noting that inventory levels of unsold goods rose last month even as factories cut output levels and drew down on stocks of raw materials, the investment bank argued that the economy still faced tepid demand.
It has been a tough year for China's economy. Growth fell to 7.3 percent in the third quarter, its lowest level since the 2008/09 global financial crisis, as the housing market sagged and domestic demand and investment flagged.
The cooldown, expected to be China's worst in 24 years this year according to a Reuters poll, came despite a flurry of government support measures.
Saturday's PMI suggested no imminent recovery in demand.
An index for new orders - a proxy for foreign and domestic demand - retreated to 51.6 in October from September's 52.2. New export orders edged down to 49.9 in October, pointing to a contraction, from 50.2 in September.
BETTER OFF BIG
The PMI followed warnings from China's industrial ministry on Friday that factories were under pressure from high borrowing costs, which were further exacerbating the sector's slowdown.
Like other economies around the world, smaller-sized companies in China are often ignored by banks when they need financing, forcing them to turn to pricier alternatives for funds.
More costly funding, up 13.5 percent in the first nine months of this year compared with a year ago, according to the government, adds to the burden of factories which are already battling shrinking profit margins.
Still, the PMI showed big Chinese factories were weathering the downturn better than their smaller counterparts, as banks prefer to lend to larger state-owned firms, assuming the government will bail them out to prevent any defaults.
Large manufacturers grew last month with their PMI little changed at 51.9, data showed, while business shrank for small- to medium-sized factories.
The PMI for mid-sized factories fell to 49.1 in October from September's 50, and the index for small manufacturers was little changed at 48.5.
"There is a need to carry out more quickly the policy measures related to 'stabilising growth'", said Chen Zhongtao, an official at the China Logistics Information Centre, which helps publishes the PMI.
Chen was referring to recent government announcements aimed at supporting the economy.
To encourage more growth, China has cut taxes, quickened some investment projects, lent short-term loans to banks, instructed local governments to spend their budgets and reduced the amount of deposits that some banks hold as reserves to spur lending.
It said on Friday that it would invest at least 200 billion yuan ($32.7 billion) on three new railway lines to move goods and passengers across the country.
But the raft of measures - which were issued over a space of a few months - have failed to sustain momentum in the economy, prompting authorities to take one of their most drastic policy actions this year by cutting mortgage rates in September.
And even lower mortgage rates have not revived the housing market as quickly as some had hoped.
Home prices in China dropped for a sixth consecutive month in October, a private survey showed on Friday, a trend that should continue to weigh on the Chinese economy, which derives about 15 percent of its growth from the real estate sector.
(1 US dollar = 6.1124 Chinese yuan)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Comcast Spin-off to List on Nasdaq in 2015Midwest Cable Inc, the cable company to be spun off from Comcast Corp after it buys Time Warner Cable Inc, said it would list its Class A common stock on the Nasdaq under the symbol "GLCI" in 2015.
Upon completion of the merger, the company will change its name to GreatLand Connections Inc.
Comcast said in April it would divest 2.5 million subscribers across the U.S. Midwest and southeast into a new publicly traded company that would be two-thirds owned by Comcast shareholders and one-third by Charter.
This was part of a three-way deal between Comcast, Charter Communications Inc and Time Warner Cable, aimed at winning regulatory approvals for Comcast's proposed $45 billion purchase of Time Warner Cable Inc.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

US billionaires beat campaign cash rulesOctober 30, 2014 1:23 pm
US billionaires uncommonly good at beating campaign money rules
Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/309b27f2-5fb1-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Audi Recalls 6 758 Units of A4 Sedan in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
Audi Recalls 6,758 Units of A4 Sedan in India
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 19:04 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: German luxury carmaker Audi is recalling 6,758 units of A4 sedans in India, manufactured between November 2011 and October 2014, to upgrade software in airbag control unit.
"This activity is specific to Audi A4 cars manufactured between November 2011-October 2014. There are 6,758 Audi A4 identified for this software update campaign," Audi India said in a statement.
The campaign requires only software update and no components need to be replaced, it added.
"The proactive step of software update is being done towards setting parameters for effective deployment of airbags," the company said.
Dealers will get in touch with Audi A4 customers across India and will arrange for an appointment at their workshop for a software update towards setting parameters of airbag control unit, it added.
The recall of A4 sedans in India is part of the company's recall of 8.5 lakh units of the A4 sedan globally to repair defective air bag. Nearly half of the units were sold in China and Germany.
Earlier this week, the carmaker had announced recall of 382 units of its premium sports utility vehicle Q7 in India, manufactured in March-December 2012, to replace faulty vacuum line in brake system as part of a global exercise.
Ever since auto industry body SIAM started voluntary vehicle recall for safety related issues in India in July 2012, over seven lakh vehicles have been recalled by various manufacturers including Maruti Suzuki, Mahindra & Mahindra, Toyota, Ford, Honda and General Motors.
On Monday, Honda Cars India announced recall of 2,338 units of its hatchback Brio, compact sedan Amaze and sports utility vehicle CR-V manufactured between September 2011 and July 2014 to replace a faulty part related to airbags.
Last week, Nissan had announced recall of 9,000 units of its compact car Micra and mid-sized sedan Sunny in India to replace defective airbags as part of a global recall.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 19:01 (IST)

Royal Enfield Sales Up 47% in OctoberYou are here: Home Corporates
Royal Enfield Sales Up 47% in October
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 19:25 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: Two-wheeler maker Royal Enfield today reported 47.45 per cent increase in its total sales in October at 26,039 units as against 17,659 units in the same month last year.
Domestic sales also increased by 47.4 per cent at 25,510 units last month as against 17,306 units in October 2013, the company said in a statement.
Exports during the month stood at 529 units as against 353 units last year, up 49.85 per cent.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 19:22 (IST)

Ford India Sales Decline 22% in OctoberYou are here: Home Corporates
Ford India Sales Decline 22% in October
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 19:31 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: Ford India today reported a decline of 22.12 per cent in total sales at 11,630 units in October.
It had sold 14,935 units in the same month of last year, Ford India said in a statement.
Its domestic sales also declined by 26.62 per cent to 6,723 units in October as against 9,163 units in the same month of last year, it added.
Ford's exports also declined by 14.98 per cent to 4,907 units last month as against 5,772 units in the year-ago period.
Ford India Marketing, sales and service executive director Anurag Mehrotra said: "Macro-economic indicators suggest a gradual recovery in the economy. But the positive customer sentiment is yet to translate into vehicle sales, potentially due to high interest rates and inflation."
The company said it has commenced a third-shift of production at Chennai vehicle assembly and engine plant in October to further improve supplies of its products.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 19:29 (IST)

Power Finance Corporation Q2 Net Up 11 Per Cent at Rs 1 408.58 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Power Finance Corporation Q2 Net Up 11 Per Cent at Rs 1,408.58 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 31, 2014 22:21 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: State-run lender Power Finance Corporation on Friday reported a nearly 11 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 1,408.58 crore for the second quarter that ended on September 30, 2014, on account of an increase in income from operations.
The company had registered a net profit of Rs 1,273.79 crore for the corresponding period a year ago, it said in a filing to stock exchanges.
Income from operations rose to Rs 6,304.70 crore from Rs 5,333.54 crore in the corresponding quarter last fiscal year.
The company sanctioned major loans to the tune of Rs 12,294 crore during the period.
Its loan assets at the end of April-September period this fiscal year increased to Rs 1,99,229 crore, from Rs 1,72,081 crore in the corresponding period last fiscal year.
As of September 30, 2014, the company's NPAs (non-performing assets) as a percentage of loan assets stood at 0.77 per cent.
PFC is engaged in funding of various power projects in generation, transmission, and distribution sectors.
The public sector firm is looking for consultants for monitoring the ongoing electricity generation and transmission stations and for facilitating the removal of bottlenecks in project completion.
Shares in PFC, on Friday, ended at Rs 281.75 apiece on the BSE, up 1.70 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 21:05 (IST)

Hard day poses questions for companies in spaceTwo crashes pose questions for private companies in space
Robert Wright in New York
Success in space travel needs investment most entrepreneurs are likely unwilling to make
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3032b382-6152-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Customers Preferred Flipkart  Ebay for Diwali Online Shopping: SurveySahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: Customers preferred to purchase new products on the internet from e-commerce giant Flipkart, followed by eBay India, HomeShop 18, Amazon India, Snapdeal and Shopclues, according to a survey by brand and customer management firm Akosha.
"When it came to Diwali shopping, 39 per cent respondents said that Flipkart was one of their top choices followed by eBay India (23 per cent) and Amazon India (12.21 per cent) among others," Akosha said in a release.
Less than 10 per cent named Snapdeal and Shopclues for shopping online during Diwali, as per findings of the survey.
When it comes to regular online purchases, around 45 per cent respondents said they shopped from Flipkart, followed by Snapdeal (17 per cent), eBay India (15.89 per cent) and Homeshop18 (9.8 per cent), among others. These findings were compiled from the survey conducted with a sample size of 2,000 respondents and insights from Akosha's own internal database, the report said.
"Our constant endeavour is to ensure happy customers by providing them with innovative products, some of which are specially created and developed for them. We offer unbeatable deals and gamut of products across our various categories," HomeShop18 founder and CEO Sundeep Malhotra said in response to the findings.
No other firm commented on the survey.
The survey also found that almost 40 per cent consumers spend between Rs 500 and Rs 2,000 for online purchases with over more than 20 per cent spending above Rs 5,000.
Pricing, customer service and return policy are three major parameters that influence buying decisions of the customers online, Akosha said.
"Both Flipkart and Snapdeal are known to render smooth and seamless check out and payment facilities. Flipkart also scores on good quality packaging and on time delivery," the report said.
Flipkart was also ahead in terms of brand recall amongst consumers.
As per the survey, when it came to buying electronic appliances, consumers preferred Flipkart and eBay India but Amazon India was the top choice for buying books. Almost 50 per cent of the respondents said that they mostly bought consumer electronics and mobile phones on shopping websites.
"It is interesting to note that before making purchase, people usually read the reviews of the e-commerce websites to know the experience of the customers who had already shopped there before. Over 78 per cent percent of the consumers checked the reviews of the e-commerce websites before shopping," the report said.
Snapdeal and Amazon India emerged as brands providing value for money with best deals and attractive prices, it noted.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 12:12 (IST)

Google  Apple World s Most  In-Demand  Employers: ReportSahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: Google is the world's most sought after employer in the world, followed by Apple and Unilever, according to a report by professional networking site LinkedIn.
The list was dominated by American companies with as many as 63 'in-demand' firms headquartered in the US. Moreover, eight of the top ten most sought after employers in the world are US-based.
No Indian company made it to the coveted list. However, a significant number of them do have presence in the country.
The 'World's 100 Most InDemand Employers: 2014' report was based on billions of interactions from LinkedIn's over 300 million members.
Besides Google, and Apple and Unilever at the second and third spots respectively, other companies in the top 10 list included Microsoft (4th), Facebook (5th), Amazon (6th), Procter & Gamble (7th), GE (8th), Nestle (9th) and PepsiCo (10th).
A sector-wise analysis showed that the top three sectors that dominated the list include technology, telecom and media, followed by retail and consumer products, and oil and energy.
As per the LinkedIn survey, around 15 per cent of the in-demand companies have fewer than 5,000 employees. The employee count for each company was based on the number of member profiles on LinkedIn associated with the company.
As per the report, the top three smallest companies by number of employees are Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation (1,622 employees), Airbnb (1,836) and Netflix (1,906).
In order to calculate the winners LinkedIn analysed over 10 billion data points between members and companies and compared the data with surveys of thousands of members to determine a company's "familiarity and engagement score".
"The analysis also weighted member actions like viewing employee profiles, visiting Company Pages and following companies," LinkedIn said.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 13:03 (IST)

Bribery charges: Chandy backs ManiPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 2, 2014 1:06 am
The Congress-led United Democratic Front, including Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, rallied behind state Finance Minister K M Mani on Saturday, a day after a bar owner made bribery charges against him. The opposition CPM too went soft on the regional Christian party leader, although it targeted Chandy.
With the CPM indicating that it did not want to attack Mani, the churning was within the Congress over the charges. After a party office-bearers’ meeting in Kottayam, Mani, who heads the Kerala Congress (M), said there was a clear agenda behind the “baseless” allegation.
On Friday night, prominent bar owner Biju Ramesh alleged that bar owners had paid a bribe of Rs 1 crore to Mani, who is also the Law Minister, for renewing the licences of 418 bars in Kerala.
Mani said his party viewed the conspiracy behind the allegation seriously and sought a probe into it. “I am not blaming any group in Congress,” he said, referring to his party leader P C George’s comments. George had blamed Chandy’s A group in Congress for the conspiracy.
Chandy played down the charge and gave a clean chit to Mani. He blasted Congress leader T N Prathapan for questioning Mani’s integrity. Later, Ramesh said he would move the high court in a week. “I have evidence to show Mani was given bribe,” he said.
From a departure from the past, CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan did not demand Mani’s resignation but attacked Chandy. “Chandy is going to gain from the controversy as there had been a demand in the UDF over making Mani the CM. The controversy has helped Chandy to overcome the threat to his post,” he said.

Kerala s Kiss Day campaign against moral policing to be held todayComments
The much-hyped ‘kiss of love’ campaign to protest against growing moral policing has fizzled out after the police rounded up 50-odd activists who were planning to march towards Marine Drive, the venue of the event. The police detained the organisers and sympathisers, including women, even before they could reach the venue of the symbolic protest against moral policing.
A girl kisses a boy as a support to 'Kiss of Love' protest rally, in Kochi on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
Just as the march began at around 4pm, the police team led by DCP (Law and Order), R Nishantini, took the organisers and sympathisers into custody and bundled them into a police van as they raised slogans against moral policing.
Though the organisers had claimed that 5,000 activists would take part in the event many pro-kiss activists backed out at the eleventh hour fearing violence. Since morning many anti-kiss drive activists had swarmed Marine Drive and assembled at vantage points insisting that they won’t allow the event come what may.
The police resorted to a mild lathi-charge to disperse the crowd that attacked two motor-cyle borne pro-kiss activists.  At least eight protesters and media personnel were injured in the ensuing scuffle. Traffic was disrupted for more than two hours.
Despite the police arresting them minutes before their march to the venue, pro-kiss activists claimed that their campaign was a run-away hit. “We succeeded in sending a strong message throughout the country that moral policing is worse than voyeurism. We got unprecedented support from many quarters. It is a strong warning to moral police,” said N Nandini, one of the activists.
Earlier, protesters on Sunday blocked roads leading to Kochi’s Marine Drive, the venue for ‘Kiss of Love’ — a mass-kissing campaign against alleged moral policing by right-wing groups.
The port city remained tense with suspected members of the Shiv Sena, Samastha Sunni Students Federation and other activist groups saying they would not let the event take place.
Around 1,000 policemen were deployed to prevent any untoward incident as those supporting the drive planned to march to the venue by 5:00pm.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised recently by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
A day after the Kerala high court refused to intervene, the organisers said on Sunday they would go ahead with the protest, even as they were yet to get permission from the police.
Though the police had denied permission for the event, they said they would only intervene if it created a law and order problem.
Stressing that it was "not a kiss fest" but a gathering of like-minded people to raise awareness against moral policing, the organisers said they would next focus on creating awareness about the deadly AIDS.
'Free Thinkers', a Facebook group organising the programme, expected about 700-1000 people would participate.
"There is no question of backtracking. The protest will be held as scheduled at 5pm at the venue with participants holding placards," Rahul Pasupalan, IT professional and short film maker and Jijo Kuriakose, a researcher and members of 'Free Thinkers' had told reporters earlier in the day.
On Saturday, the organisers had received a shot in the arm with the Kerala high court refusing to interfere with the event after the state government assured action would be taken in the event of any illegal activities. Two petitions seeking to prohibit the event was disposed by the court recording the government's submission.
"This is not a kiss fest. It is a gathering of like minded people to protest against moral policing. We are independent thinkers and this is a gathering of the Facebook users," they said, adding young and old couple, parents and youngsters were all welcome to participate in the event, which is a platform to protest against moral policing.
Pasupalan said though they approached police four days back with a request for permission to conduct the event, they were yet to receive any intimation allowing or denying permission.
Pointing out that kissing and hugging was only a form of agitation they had chosen to raise awareness against moral policing, Rahul said it was precisely due to the novel form of protest they had adopted that so much heat had been generated.
"Isn't everyone talking about the event?" he asked.
"Because we selected this form of protest, everyone is discussing it. We want to create an awareness against moral policing," they said.
Jijo Kuriakose said the group would next focus their attention on creating awareness about the deadly AIDS.
Interestingly parallel to the ‘kiss fest’ a slew of other protests are expected to take place near the venue. Leading Malayalam literary critic M Leelavathy and Kochi Mayor Tony Chammany are among the main participants expected to join a parallel protest event being organized by the Kerala Students’ Union, student wing of the Congress.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised last week by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
The attack came after a news channel owned by a political party carried a report on October 23 with visuals of “immoral activities” allegedly taking place at the establishment, showing young couples kissing and embracing.
(With PTI inputs)

Suspends Logic  Critics Want to Slam Brakes on Risky Recall Rulesuspends logic  critics want to slam brakes on risky recall rule
Maharashtra CM allocates portfoliosTweet
Mumbai, Nov 2:  
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today allocated portfolios to his ten-member council of ministers while keeping the Home, Urban Development, Housing and Health departments with himself.
As per the information provided by the CMO, the portfolios not specifically allocated to any minister will be with the Chief Minister.
Senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse has been given revenue, minorities development and wakf, agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy development and fisheries, and state excise.
Former state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar has been given finance and planning, and forest departments.
Vinod Tawde will hold charge of school education and sports, higher and technical education, medical education, Marathi Bhasha and cultural affairs.
Prakash Mehta, the MLA from Ghatkopar East seat in Mumbai, has been given industries and mining, and parliamentary affairs.
Chandrakant Patil, an MLC, has been given co-operation, marketing and textiles. He will also handle the public works (including public undertakings) department.
Pankaja Munde, who was made the state BJP core committee member after the death of her father Gopinath Munde, will be in-charge of rural development and water conservation, and women and child development.
Vishnu Savara, the MLA from Vikramgadh seat in Palghar district, will be in-charge of tribal development, social justice and special assistance.
Minister of State Dilip Kamble has been allotted tribal development, social justice and special assistance departments.
Besides, Vidya Thakur will be MoS for rural development and water conservation, and women and child development departments.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Bar bribe row: Vigilance to probe charge against Kerala FMBar bribe row: Vigilance to probe charge against Kerala FM
PTI
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Nov 2:  
Hit by the “bar bribe controversy”, the Congress-led UDF Government in Kerala today announced a vigilance probe into the allegation by bar owners that state Finance Minister and Kerala Congress (M) supremo KM Mani had demanded a hefty sum for favourable decisions.
State Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala said the Director of the Vigilance and Anti-corruption Bureau had been asked to conduct a ‘preliminary inquiry” into the allegation.
Chennithala told reporters in Thrissur that the decision was taken on the basis of a letter from CPI(M) veteran VS Achuthanandan in his capacity as Opposition Leader in the Assembly.
Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, while sticking to his stand that no one would believe that Mani would ask for bribe, said the probe announced by Chennithala was a “legal procedure”.
Dubbing the decision as ploy to deflect public attention, Achuthanandan demanded a CBI inquiry into the issue to ensure a free and independent inquiry into the allegation.
Biju Ramesh, working President of Kerala Bar Hotels Association, alleged that Mani had taken Rs 1 crore and demanded Rs 5 crore on the promise of reopening 418 closed bars.
Reacting to the decision, Ramesh said only a CBI probe would be able to bring out the truth.
Mani, a veteran politician and supremo of Kerala Congress (M), a long—time partner of the Congress—led coalition, had yesterday rubbished the charge as “baseless”.
In a significant move, the Chandy government a few months back ordered closure of all bars, except those attached to the five—star hotels. Earlier, the Government had declined to renew licences of 418 bars for lack of required facilities.
The issue had divided the UDF with KPCC president V M Sudheeran pitching for taking the state into total prohibition in a phased manner.
The bar owners had approached the Supreme Court against the government decision but the Apex Court referred back the case to the High Court.
Two days back, a division bench of the Kerala High Court stayed for a month an earlier single bench decision, which partly endorsed the government position on the issue.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Bharatiya Mahila Bank opens branch in KakinadaBharatiya Mahila Bank opens branch in Kakinada
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kakinada, Nov. 2:  
Bharatiya Mahila Bank Ltd is launching several women-centric products in particular to encourage women entrepreneurs, according to CMD Usha Ananthasubramanian.
She was speaking here on Saturday after the first branch of the bank was inaugurated by Neetu Prasad, the district collector of East Godavari. The bank is designing special products for women engaged in manufacturing sector which bear a “made by women” stamp, she added.
The CMD said that the bank had launched some special deposit products for the girl children. The bank has recently introduced BMB Dhanvarsha 555, a special deposit product that offers interest of 9.70 per cent for senior citizens and 9.20 per cent for others. A customer from any part of the country could avail himself or herself of a locker facility from any branch of the Bank.
While deposit products were open for both men and women, loaning would be predominantly to women, Usha Ananthasubramanian said. "The bank is taking all possible efforts to provide all banking services and facilities under one roof to women of all segments of the society, including individual women, SHGs, salaried women, women entrepreneurs and women from the corporate sector," she said.
She said the bank would reach the unserved through brick and mortar branches as well as business correspondent and facilitator model. The rural connect will be through various latest, high secure technology platforms.
Neetu Prasad lauded the various initiatives of the bank towards economic empowerment of women.
The Bank is already present in Agartala, Agra, Ahmedabad, Alwar, Bengaluru, Bhubaneswar, Chandigarh, Chennai, Dehradun, Dholpur, Gangtok, Goa, Guwahati, Gurgaon, Hyderabad, Indore, Jaipur, Kanpur, Kolkata, Kochi, Lucknow, Mumbai (2), New Delhi, Panchkula, Patna, Raipur, Ranchi, Shillong, Shimla and Thiruvananthapuram – all branches with onsite ATMs. Kakinada branch is the first in Andhra Pradesh.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

India assures Mauritius on bilateral tax treatyIndia assures Mauritius on bilateral tax treaty
PTI
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj
Port Louis, Nov 2:  
India today told Mauritius that it will not take any decisions that will “adversely impact” bilateral relations while reassuring the country that amendments to the bilateral tax treaty would be made only after considering the legitimate interests of both sides.
This was conveyed by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj during her meetings with top leadership of Mauritius including President Rajkeswur Purryag and Prime Minister Navinchandra Ramgoolam.
She assured them that “India was in the process of reviewing the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA) and will not do anything to that will adversely impact the island nation’s ties with India,” official sources told PTI.
Swaraj, who is here on a three-day visit, also said that enhanced bilateral relations between the two countries will benefit people-to-people contacts. She recalled that the first batch of Indians had arrived in Mauritius on November 2, 1834.
Earlier, terming the India-Mauritius double taxation avoidance convention an important agreement between the two countries, External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said both countries would ensure that their “legitimate interests” would be secured in any new agreement.
“Discussions on this are an ongoing issue and once these are ready and there is agreement between the two countries, we will then move to the next step of amending it.
“We have an agreed format in which all issues on this matter are being discussed. Given the nature of our close bilateral relations and ties, we are confident that we will take into account each other’s concerns and interests while making any changes to it,” the spokesperson said.
A proposed revision of the tax treaty has been hanging fire for a long time amid differences between the two countries. India has been seeking to make the agreement stronger to check any possible round tripping of Indian funds through the island nation.
Mauritius has been one of the biggest sources of FDI into India, which attracted inflows of $77.77 billion FDI from the country between April 2000 and January 2014.
In 2012-2013, India exported goods worth $1.31 billion and imported goods worth $28.49 million. India’s exports to Mauritius comprise largely petroleum products.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

TVS Motor Company posts 22% sales growth in OctoberTVS Motor Company posts 22% sales growth in October
Cyber Crimes Cell detects nation-wide tax returns fraudPrint
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: November 2, 2014 5:09 pm
A nation-wide fraud involving fake Income Tax Department websites, fraudulent emails and phising websites cheating tax-payers by promising IT refunds has been detected by the Cyberabad’s Cyber Crimes Cell.
Using proxy servers, the culprits are sending emails that appear to have been sent from Income Tax Department, but were actually online traps to dupe unsuspecting victims.
The Cyber Crimes Cell discovered this fraud after a woman employee who had recently filed her IT returns lodged a complaint. In her complaint, she stated that she had received an email purported to have been sent from IT Department with email I’d ref.trxn@incometaxindia.gov.in informing that she was eligible for a tax refund of Rs 27,900. ‘
‘The email directed her to click on a web link provided in the email to file a request to have the total sum transferred into her bank account. There were instructions to ensure that all details are entered correctly to avoid delay in the remittance of benefits. At the end of the email it was mentioned ‘Regards, Income tax department, Ministry of Finance, Govt. of India.’
Thinking that the email was genuine, she entered her bank account number and also the ATM pin which was asked for in the email. After some time to her surprise she received SMS alert on her cell phone that an amount of Rs 45,880 was deducted from her account. The entire amount in her account was withdrawn.
Then she realised that, she was duped by the phishing site,” an official said. She lodged a complaint and the Cyber Crime Police registered a case for cheating in the name of Income Tax Department. ‘
“We are getting similar complaints from the victims. It appears that the culprits are using a proxy server and sending the mails as if the mail is sent from Income Tax Department and duping the victims” an official said. During the investigation, when cops approached IT Department, they said that Income Tax Dpartment never sends such emails . “They said that it is a phishing email and requested that if anyone receives such email, they should first contact the PRO of the nearest Income Tax Department office,” the official said.
Meanwhile, Cyberabad Cyber Cell is trying to track culprits involved in this online fraud.

Israel shuts Gaza crossings after rocket attackPrint
By: AP | Jerusalem | Posted: November 2, 2014 4:55 pm
Israel has shut its crossings with the Gaza Strip except for humanitarian aid after militants fired rockets into its territory.
The military said it closed the crossings Sunday after a rocket was launched into Israel from Gaza over the weekend. It said it was the second-such rocket fired at Israel since the end of the 50-day Gaza war this summer with Hamas. The military says the two rockets exploded in open fields and injured no one.
The Egyptian army recently forcibly evacuated hundreds of Egyptian families living along the border with the Gaza Strip in order to create a buffer zone, designed to stop the smuggling of militants and weapons through underground tunnels.

BJP attacks Robert Vadra over inappropriate behaviour towards journalistVadra was seen on a video footage shown on TV channels asking the reporter four times as to whether he was serious about his land deal question.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 4:50 pm
BJP on Sunday attacked Robert Vadra saying his “ inappropriate” behaviour towards a journalist was a result of frustration and he must realise that the country is no longer ruled by the Gandhi family, even as the Congress downplayed the incident.
Vadra, Congress president Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law, had on Saturday lost his cool and reportedly pushed aside the microphone of a reporter at a five-star hotel gym when he was quizzed about his controversial land deals in Haryana.
Vadra was seen on a video footage shown on TV channels asking the reporter four times as to whether he was serious about his land deal question.
“It was the sheer frustration of Robert Vadra that became manifested as an inappropriate behaviour on a journalist. Vadra was the one who had called India a Banana Republic and we Indians as mango people but it is time that we make him realise that India is no more a Banana Republic which was ruled by the first family of the Congress,” BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said.
Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh said in Vadra’s defence that he was amazed by the media attention given to a “minor incident”.
“Why (is) a private Citizen being unnecessarily hounded?,” he tweeted.
“If he has violated any law, prosecute him. If (he) has ill-gotten wealth confiscate it, but this unnecessary media attention is not justified,” he posted in another tweet.
Asking the media not to target him, he said, “We Politicians are feeling jealous of the Media Attention which Robert is getting. We are the real Punching Bags for you. Spare him!”
However, senior BJP leader Shahnawaz Hussain countered Singh saying that had Vadra been a private person he would not have got privileges.
“Vadra is not a private person. If he would have been a private person then he would not have got the privileges in Haryana, neither he would have got privileges at the Airport. He considers himself to be a very special person. According to Digvijay Singh, he is a private person. But his behaviour does not show that he is a private person,” Hussain said.
The way he has behaved with the mediaperson is very disappointing, he added.

CM Devendra Fadnavis to seek trust vote on Nov 12Print
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis along with his Cabinet ministers pays tribute to the late Balasaheb Thackeray at Shivtirth in Mumbai on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 2, 2014 4:30 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 5:30 pm
A three-day session of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly will be held from November 10 in which the Devendra Fadnavis-led government will seek a vote of confidence.
The trust vote will be sought on November 12 after all the newly elected MLAs take oath. The protem Speaker will be elected on November 10, according to sources in the Chief Minister’s office.
Governor C Vidyasagar Rao has given Chief Minister Fadnavis 15 days from the day of swearing-in of his government to prove its majority in the 288-member House.
READ: Cabinet portfolios announced, CM Fadnavis keeps Home, Housing
After the death of an MLA, BJP’s strength in the Assembly has come down to 121, but it has claimed support of all seven independents and six others from smaller parties.
NCP with 41 MLAs has declared outside support to the BJP government and said it will abstain from voting on the trust motion if the 63-member Shiv Sena was to sit in the opposition, helping it sail through.

Punjab to set up computerised service delivery centresPunjab to set up computerised service delivery centres
Why Gold May Drop Below Rs 25 000 Levels by DecemberWhy Gold May Drop Below Rs 25 000 Levels by December
Pope Francis will visit Lanka as scheduled: LankaPope Francis will visit Lanka as scheduled: Lanka
Maharashtra Dalit killings: Raj Thackeray asks CM Devendra Fadnavis for action to nab culpritsMaharashtra Dalit killings: Raj Thackeray asks CM Devendra Fadnavis for action to nab culprits
Govt notifies 33 pct gas price hike; CNG prices raisedGovt notifies 33 pct gas price hike; CNG prices raised
India pays tribute to indentured labourers on 180th Aapravasi DiwasIndia pays tribute to indentured labourers on 180th Aapravasi Diwas
Probe of US spaceship crash may take  yearProbe of US spaceship crash may take  year
Hero MotoCorp sales decline 8.05 per cent in OctoberHero MotoCorp sales decline 8.05 per cent in October
Nilofar loses cyclone tag; now  Bay could spring a surpriseNilofar loses cyclone tag; now, Bay could spring a surprise
Vinson Kurian
Source: IMD Satellite image taken on Oct 31, 2014.
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 31:  
Cyclone Nilofar has weakened into a depression, and is wallowing in the northeast Arabian Sea, 480 km southwest of Naliya in Gujarat.
The depression will further weaken into a well-marked low-pressure area during the course of the day and will still be out in the sea.
FAR CRY
This would mean that the system could cross coast, if at all, as a rudimentary low-pressure area, a far cry from its beastly self as a very severe cyclone a day ago.
India Met Department said in the morning bulletin that the remnant of Nilofar could at best moderate to heavy rainfall over Kutch and Saurashtra districts until Saturday.
Light to moderate rainfall is likely at many places over the remaining districts of Saurashtra, north Gujarat and southwest Rajasthan.
Squally wind speeding to between 35- to 45 km/hr and gusting to 55 km/hr may prevail along and off Gujarat coast during the course of the day.
BAY IN ACTION
Meanwhile, the Bay of Bengal has got into action, with an easterly wave likely showing up throwing up a possible weather system.
This could grow into a depression, or even a cyclone, according to early forecasts available from varied weather models.
India Met Department projections of the emerging wind field pattern also points to the possibility.
It tends to indicate that a cyclone could spin up southeast of Chennai by November 6.
The Global Environmental Model of the US Navy has also come up with a similar outlook. It sees a minimal cyclone brewing close to Sri Lanka-southeast Tamil Nadu coast.
Proximity to the coast may not give the system sufficient elbowroom to grow beyond point, and could erupt in a ‘straggled’ landfall along the Tamil Nadu coast by November 7.
ANOTHER CYCLONE?
An experimental model cyclone tracker of the US National Centres for Environmental Prediction-Global Forecast System had suspected that a successor to very severe cyclone Hudhud could form in the Bay as early as October 25.
Only, it was thwarted by the Arabian Sea that conjured up its own circulation, which saw the momentum shift away from the Bay.
This circulation in the Arabian would grow on to become very severe cyclone Nilofar.
Now it seems Bay is playing catch up with its own bid. The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts has been signalling this over the last few days.
But it saw what it suspects could be a depression forming over west-central Bay and washing over the Andhra Pradesh coast by November 9.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

If you have info on black money  share it w...Black Money
(The Special Investigation…)
NEW DELHI: Anyone who has specific and definite information on black money can share it with Supreme Court-appointed SIT going into the issue that can crack down on those stashing money abroad and at home.
The Special Investigation Team (SIT), headed by former Supreme Court judge Justice M B Shah, will open a channel of communication shortly through which the public can use to share "definite" information and vital inputs about black money including foreign bank accounts.
The SIT, which also has former apex court judge Justice Arijit Pasayat as Vice-Chairman, has said such a step was aimed at detecting and prosecuting all direct or indirect instances of illegal generation of funds and evasion of government taxes.
"We will be issuing a public advertisement in this regard very soon...may be within a week's time. Members of the public can write to the SIT through the Internet and send to it to the official email id which will be publicised or send it by post to the secretariat of the panel," Justice Pasayat told PTI.
He, however, said that any information sent to the SIT should be "definite and specific" about the reported black money instance.
"The public can share with us the name, address, bank details or any other such vital information which can be verified and acted upon. Once we receive it, the agencies on the panel, according to the requirements of the respective case, will be asked to look into it," he said.
Justice Pasayat said the exercise is meant to bring the public closer to the SIT which has the mandate to deal with the problem of unaccounted money and to initiate legal action against the offenders, both in India and abroad.
Public could give specific information, even preferring anonymity. "But if the information is vague then it will be futile to act on such a thing as it will involve a lot of efforts by the agencies on this panel-- whether it is the Income Tax department, the CBI or the Central Excise department," the SIT Vice-Chairman said.
"We wouldn't want speculative information. We can assure the country that a good information on any type of black money instance will be acted upon," Justice Pasayat said.
Meanwhile, sources said the modalities on launching the portal will be framed soon. It would be akin to a similar effort which was launched by the government in June 2011 when the Finance Ministry had launched a black money email feedback service for the public to share ideas in this regard.
The 2011 initiative, in which an email id bm-feedback@nic.in was launched, was meant to invite ideas and suggestions from the public to tighten the mechanism and rules in the country to check black money.
This time the SIT is keen only on actionable information which will be taken to logical and legal conclusion. Its results will also be disclosed to the public as and when the legal process against an offender comes to a close, the sources said.
They said the SIT secretariat has already been given the required staff by the Finance Ministry to perform clerical and data analysis tasks.
The SIT has recently got a list of 627 accounts of Indians in the HSBC bank, Geneva, from the Supreme Court which has asked it submit a latest status report in this regard by this month-end or early December.
With the specific agenda of thrashing out issues and ensure coordination, the government on Friday appointed outgoing CBDT Chairman K V Chowdary as an Advisor to this high-powered panel which has the heads of 11 different agencies and departments on it.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP attacks Robert Vadra over inappropriate behaviour towardsjournalistVadra was seen on a video footage shown on TV channels asking the reporter four times as to whether he was serious about his land deal question.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 4:50 pm
BJP on Sunday attacked Robert Vadra saying his “ inappropriate” behaviour towards a journalist was a result of frustration and he must realise that the country is no longer ruled by the Gandhi family, even as the Congress downplayed the incident.
Vadra, Congress president Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law, had on Saturday lost his cool and reportedly pushed aside the microphone of a reporter at a five-star hotel gym when he was quizzed about his controversial land deals in Haryana.
Vadra was seen on a video footage shown on TV channels asking the reporter four times as to whether he was serious about his land deal question.
“It was the sheer frustration of Robert Vadra that became manifested as an inappropriate behaviour on a journalist. Vadra was the one who had called India a Banana Republic and we Indians as mango people but it is time that we make him realise that India is no more a Banana Republic which was ruled by the first family of the Congress,” BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said.
Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh said in Vadra’s defence that he was amazed by the media attention given to a “minor incident”.
“Why (is) a private Citizen being unnecessarily hounded?,” he tweeted.
“If he has violated any law, prosecute him. If (he) has ill-gotten wealth confiscate it, but this unnecessary media attention is not justified,” he posted in another tweet.
Asking the media not to target him, he said, “We Politicians are feeling jealous of the Media Attention which Robert is getting. We are the real Punching Bags for you. Spare him!”
However, senior BJP leader Shahnawaz Hussain countered Singh saying that had Vadra been a private person he would not have got privileges.
“Vadra is not a private person. If he would have been a private person then he would not have got the privileges in Haryana, neither he would have got privileges at the Airport. He considers himself to be a very special person. According to Digvijay Singh, he is a private person. But his behaviour does not show that he is a private person,” Hussain said.
The way he has behaved with the mediaperson is very disappointing, he added.

CM Devendra Fadnavis to seek trust vote on Nov12Print
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis along with his Cabinet ministers pays tribute to the late Balasaheb Thackeray at Shivtirth in Mumbai on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 2, 2014 4:30 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 5:30 pm
A three-day session of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly will be held from November 10 in which the Devendra Fadnavis-led government will seek a vote of confidence.
The trust vote will be sought on November 12 after all the newly elected MLAs take oath. The protem Speaker will be elected on November 10, according to sources in the Chief Minister’s office.
Governor C Vidyasagar Rao has given Chief Minister Fadnavis 15 days from the day of swearing-in of his government to prove its majority in the 288-member House.
READ: Cabinet portfolios announced, CM Fadnavis keeps Home, Housing
After the death of an MLA, BJP’s strength in the Assembly has come down to 121, but it has claimed support of all seven independents and six others from smaller parties.
NCP with 41 MLAs has declared outside support to the BJP government and said it will abstain from voting on the trust motion if the 63-member Shiv Sena was to sit in the opposition, helping it sail through.

Shares jump  yen slumps as BoJ ramps up stimulus2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

The accidental collapse of East German communismRemembering the fall of the Berlin Wall
By Tony Barber
When the Wall fell 25 years ago, the bankruptcy of East German communism had long been clear. Yet there was nothing inevitable about the events of November 1989
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/42222fe0-5e9c-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Forget bland pop and head for the opera© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3835a0ec-607d-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Keeping off fossil fuel can help India save $600-b in 20 yrs: ReportsPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:58 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 1:58 pm
Moving to a low-carbon energy economy, the country can free up a whopping USD 600 billion for investments for various developmental projects over the next two decades leading to overall development, says a report by the Climate Policy Initiative (CPI).
As the country is trying to meet ambitious renewable energy goals as well as development needs with finite financial resources, moving to a low-carbon economy can help it maximise its financial capacity to meet economic and development goals, which will result in a saving of USD 600 billion for more productive investments, says CPI.
The Climate Policy Initiative is a global policy effectiveness analysis and advisory organisation with a mission to assess, diagnose, and support nations’ efforts to achieve low-carbon growth. An independent, not-for-profit organisation supported by a grant from the Open Society Foundations, CPI is headquartered in the US, and has offices and programmes in Brazil, China, Europe, India, and Indonesia. It uses the International Energy Agency’s business-as-usual and two degree change assumptions to simulate current and low-carbon energy pathways.
The country has set a target of 20 GW solar energy by 2020 under the national solar mission, while the target from the wind energy is three time more at 65.5 GW. The report further said transitioning to a low-carbon electricity system could also bring financial savings if the country can reduce the cost of finance. These savings, when coupled with a reduction in the high financing costs can provide the country with additional financial capacity to meet its economic and development goals.

Debt should be available to those who need itOctober 31, 2014 8:19 pm
Cast aside the moral judgment and give debt the credit it deserves
By Nigel Dodd
Funds should be available to those who need them most, writes Nigel Dodd
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd13a1aa-60f6-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Black money: Swiss banks mull anticipatory measuresBlack Money
BERNE/NEW DELHI: As probe into suspected black money stashed abroad by Indians gathers steam, banks in Switzerland are running from pillar to post to safeguard their interest while some are also considering financial provisions in their books for possible penal actions and legal costs.
At the same time, banks are also lobbying with the Swiss government to insist on putting in place necessary measures in their information-exchange and administrative assistance frameworks with India for safeguarding the interest of banking institutions during the subsequent prosecution and other legal or regulatory proceedings in the black money cases.
Sources, however, said that the role of some banks, as also that of certain bankers, has already come under scanner for acting in concert with the suspected black money hoarders and also for making 'safe haven' promises for their funds.
The suspected lapses on the part of at least three large European banks , including two from Switzerland itself and the third having a significant presence in the Alpine nation, are also being probed for allegedly facilitating re-routing funds of certain Indian corporate houses back into their listed companies as foreign investments.
Capital market watchdog Sebi is probing at least three large global banks and many Indian companies for alleged round tripping of funds by way of multi-layered transactions, while the regulatory noose has further tightened in these cases with involvement of other regulatory and enforcement agencies.
Such transactions are suspected to have taken place in case of 15-20 Indian companies, a senior official said, but refused to disclose their names as also that of the banks saying it might impede the investigations.
Some portfolio managers at some banks, which have a significant presence in the Indian financial markets , could have helped clients route money back into the country as foreign funds using investment vehicles across jurisdictions.
So far, the focus of this Supreme Court monitored probe has mainly remained on the persons and entities from India suspected to have stashed illicit wealth in overseas locations including Swiss banks.
However, as the probe moves further, including by a Special Investigation Team (SIT) with two former Supreme Court judges as Chairman and Vice-Chairman along with members from various investigative and regulatory agencies, the banks are turning wary about possible action against them going ahead.
Senior executives at various banks, including three large ones headquartered in Switzerland and the Swiss units of some major European banks, said that they are considering making financial provisions as anticipatory measures to deal with any action involving them in India's black money probe.
The banks are also said to be lobbying with the Swiss government that it should ask the Indian authorities to put in place a 'settlement' mechanism to deal with the suspected entities, including the banks and their customers, before seeking any assistance in its black money probe.
On the other hand, some banks are said to be advising their clients to use various 'layering' methods, including by way of share market and export-import routes, to move funds from Switzerland to other locations including India.
Other risk-wary banks are, however, have turned cautious about dealing with their Indian clients in the wake of a growing scrutiny of such accounts, as a huge public outcry has made even genuine Swiss bank accounts look like suspicious.
A number of Swiss banks, including three with significant global presence, have begun telling their Indian clients to sign undertakings that are aimed at 'derisking' the banking institutions from potential risks arising out of regulatory actions against the bank customers by foreign governments.
Some banks are also telling their clients to close their accounts if they are not ready to take such risks, or if they have apprehensions about such accounts not being compliant to regulatory requirements in their home countries.
Through these 'derisking' undertakings, the customer agrees to take responsibility for any possible regulatory or administrative compliance with international norms.
At the same time, the bankers are also lobbying with the Swiss government to ensure that any information would be shared with their Indian counterpart about accounts held in Swiss banks only after necessary provisions are made to safeguard the interest of the concerned banking institution.
Following a high-level delegation visit from India, Switzerland last month agreed to cooperate on matters related to verification of genuineness of accounts and reply to requests for banking account details in a time-bound manner, and also to initiate a process to include India among the countries eligible for 'automatic exchange of information'.
Under this new agreement, Switzerland has also promised to assist Indian authorities on a priority basis.

As Bosch eyes 2-wheeler pie  Hero and Honda vie for top slotHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
As Bosch eyes 2-wheeler pie, Hero and Honda vie for top slot
Murali Gopalan
BL Volkmar Denner, Chairman of Bosch
Mumbai, Nov 2:  
Volkmar Denner, Chairman of Bosch, is upbeat on India’s two-wheeler business which he believes will touch 27 million units by 2020. This will mean a near doubling of numbers from the present 16 million units.
While the German auto supplier will work on a host of solutions focusing on safety and affordability, it will be interesting to see how leadership dynamics pan out in this intensely competitive market, already the world’s largest for two-wheelers.
Hero MotoCorp in the lead
At present, Hero MotoCorp is right on top with annual production of over 6.5 million units. Honda, its former ally, will wrap up this fiscal with 4.6 million units, which means India’s two lead players will have sold over 11 million bikes and scooters.
Going by present trends, Bajaj Auto is expected to sell around 3.5 million motorcycles, of which half will be exported. TVS Motor could be a little over two million units which includes its mopeds business.
Yet, all eyes will be on Hero and Honda, partners of over 25 years, who called it quits in 2010. The Munjals-promoted Indian company is still comfortably ahead but its former Japanese ally is fast catching up. Honda has made clear its intent to grab the nodal position in the two-wheeler market by 2020. What is officially known is that its numbers will be close to six million units over the next two years with the commissioning of its Gujarat plant.
Hero will still have a happy lead, though, with its new Rajasthan facility contributing to its overall volumes of nearly eight million units by 2016. It will also set up another plant in Andhra Pradesh and it is likely that Honda, post-Gujarat, could also have at least one more facility in place by the end of this decade.
Looking ahead
So what will the pecking order be like in 2020 when the Bosch forecast of 27 million units annually becomes a reality? Who will touch the 10 million unit mark first, Hero or Honda? “It’s impossible to predict leadership outcomes in 2020 but don’t be surprised if overall numbers are closer to 30 million units by then,” a two-wheeler executive says.
Companies will also have different strategies to stay relevant in a crowded space which will also include Yamaha and Suzuki. Bajaj, for instance, is keen on selling in geographies beyond India and may even be exporting 65 per cent of its volumes in 2020. It also remains to be seen if scooters will end up taking nearly half the volumes sold in the country (they account for a fourth today).
For Denner and his Bosch team in Germany, India as a market translates into a robust business model for the group. This explains why an exclusive two-wheeler organisation has been formed which will come directly under the purview of a Board member. The Bosch mantra going forward is ‘local for local’ which means products and solutions will be tailored to the specific needs of Indian buyers.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

iD Fresh Food raises Rs 35 crore in first round of fundingHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
iD Fresh Food raises Rs 35 crore in first round of funding
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Nov 2:  
iD Fresh Food (India) Pvt Ltd, a leading ready-to-cook packaged food company, has raised Rs 35 crore from venture capital firm Helion Venture Partners.
iD is known for the idly and dosa batter that it sells through retail outlets in the South and the West. This is the first round of institutional funding raised by the company. It will use the money to introduce new product categories, expand its market and strengthen the team.
Rahul Chowdhri, Partner, Helion, will join the company’s board.
Spark Capital Advisors helped iD in its fund raise.
iD was founded in 2005 by IIM-Bangalore alumnus PC Musthafa and his associates, Shamsudeen TK, Abdul Nazer, Jafar TK and Noushad TD.
iD started with packaging idly and dosa batter and has since diversified into Malabar parotas, wheat parotas, chappatis and chutneys. It has production units in six cities – two plants in Bengaluru, one each in Chennai, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Mangaluru and Dubai. iD products are also supplied to distribution centres in Mysore and Pune. It sells over 23,000 kg of batter a day.
iD plans to expand to 30 cities in five years and aims at doubling the outlet reach from 6,000 in eight cities now, within the next few months. “iD sells Rs 7 crore worth of preservative-free food products each month in eight cities and with this round of funding, we are poised to see the next level of growth,” Musthafa PC, CEO, iD Fresh Food, was quoted in a press release.
According to Spark Capital, it was the exclusive financial advisor to iD and assisted the company right from ideation till the deal was closed. It helped the company in preparing its business plan, marketing the opportunity to multiple investors and managing the entire diligence and documentation process. The transaction was also structured to be completely Sharia compliant, one of the first of its kind in a transaction of this nature, according to Spark.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Cyber Crimes Cell detects nation-wide tax returnsfraudPrint
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: November 2, 2014 5:09 pm
A nation-wide fraud involving fake Income Tax Department websites, fraudulent emails and phising websites cheating tax-payers by promising IT refunds has been detected by the Cyberabad’s Cyber Crimes Cell.
Using proxy servers, the culprits are sending emails that appear to have been sent from Income Tax Department, but were actually online traps to dupe unsuspecting victims.
The Cyber Crimes Cell discovered this fraud after a woman employee who had recently filed her IT returns lodged a complaint. In her complaint, she stated that she had received an email purported to have been sent from IT Department with email I’d ref.trxn@incometaxindia.gov.in informing that she was eligible for a tax refund of Rs 27,900. ‘
‘The email directed her to click on a web link provided in the email to file a request to have the total sum transferred into her bank account. There were instructions to ensure that all details are entered correctly to avoid delay in the remittance of benefits. At the end of the email it was mentioned ‘Regards, Income tax department, Ministry of Finance, Govt. of India.’
Thinking that the email was genuine, she entered her bank account number and also the ATM pin which was asked for in the email. After some time to her surprise she received SMS alert on her cell phone that an amount of Rs 45,880 was deducted from her account. The entire amount in her account was withdrawn.
Then she realised that, she was duped by the phishing site,” an official said. She lodged a complaint and the Cyber Crime Police registered a case for cheating in the name of Income Tax Department. ‘
“We are getting similar complaints from the victims. It appears that the culprits are using a proxy server and sending the mails as if the mail is sent from Income Tax Department and duping the victims” an official said. During the investigation, when cops approached IT Department, they said that Income Tax Dpartment never sends such emails . “They said that it is a phishing email and requested that if anyone receives such email, they should first contact the PRO of the nearest Income Tax Department office,” the official said.
Meanwhile, Cyberabad Cyber Cell is trying to track culprits involved in this online fraud.

Israel shuts Gaza crossings after rocketattackPrint
By: AP | Jerusalem | Posted: November 2, 2014 4:55 pm
Israel has shut its crossings with the Gaza Strip except for humanitarian aid after militants fired rockets into its territory.
The military said it closed the crossings Sunday after a rocket was launched into Israel from Gaza over the weekend. It said it was the second-such rocket fired at Israel since the end of the 50-day Gaza war this summer with Hamas. The military says the two rockets exploded in open fields and injured no one.
The Egyptian army recently forcibly evacuated hundreds of Egyptian families living along the border with the Gaza Strip in order to create a buffer zone, designed to stop the smuggling of militants and weapons through underground tunnels.

LIC Cuts Stake in Tata Chemicals by 2%You are here: Home Corporates
LIC Reduces Stake in Tata Chemicals by Over 2 Per Cent
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 02, 2014 17:51 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: State-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has sold 52.87 lakh Tata Chemicals shares via open market, reducing its stake in the company by over 2 per cent.
LIC, which had a 6.19 per cent stake earlier, brought down its shareholding in the company to 4.12 per cent by selling shares between March 19, 2013, and October 10, 2014, Tata Chemicals said in a filing to the BSE.
Tata Chemicals reported an over two-fold increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 175.50 crore for the first quarter ended June 30 on the back of better performance from soda ash business and higher realisation in North America operations.
The company had clocked a net profit of Rs 75.21 crore in the same quarter in 2012-13.
Total income from operations during April-June quarter of 2013-14 increased 17 per cent to Rs 3,446.64 crore as compared to Rs 3,275.97 crore in the year-ago period.
The company will announce its earnings for the quarter ended September on November 10.
Shares in Tata Chemicals, on Friday, ended at Rs 406.85 apiece on the BSE, up 1.31 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 15:55 (IST)

Unauthorised disclosure on black money can sabotage probeUnauthorised disclosure on black money can sabotage probe
Modi a man with vision  but still not impressed: DikshitModi a man with vision  but still not impressed: Dikshit
Hero MotoCorp sales decline 8.05% in OctoberHero MotoCorp sales decline 8.05% in October
Man held for molesting woman in GurgaonMan held for molesting woman in Gurgaon
BHEL Bags Contract Worth Rs 220 Crore in OdishaBHEL Bags Contract Worth Rs 220 Crore in Odisha
HPCL to resume full ops in Vizag refinery in 2-3 months - sourceHPCL to resume full ops in Vizag refinery in 2-3 months - source
LIC reduces stake in Tata Chemicals by over 2%LIC reduces stake in Tata Chemicals by over 2%
Superheroes pack a punch for DisneySuperheroes pack a punch for Disney
By Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/713932be-1ce4-11e4-88c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Republicans look to lock up the HouseRepublicans look to lock up the House
Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ad1e6d3e-5dea-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

German exports to Russia tumbleGerman exports to Russia tumble as sanctions bite
Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin and Roger Blitz in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/45eea262-5f72-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Standard Chartereds US settlementAugust 21, 2014 9:02 pm
Put out fewer flags for US’s world bank regulator role
By Jonathan Guthrie
DFS made inventive use of settlement stipulations to extend its reach
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a5fa5aec-2959-11e4-8b81-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

When Sachin met BradmanTendulkar recalls amazing story about Bradman
"How much would you have averaged in the 1990s", Tendulkar had asked Bradman. Check out his answer.
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Thu 30 Oct, 2014 1:47 PM IST
Tweet
0
Sachin Tendulkar and Shane Warne were so daunted by the prospect of meeting Austalian cricketing legend Donald Bradman for his 90th birthday that they could not decide who should speak first, the Indian batting great said.
"I remember Warnie was with me in the car and we were discussing who was going to ask the first question," Tendulkar was quoted as saying by the Syndey Morning Herald Wednesday.
"I said, 'You are from Australia, so you should start'. And he was like, 'No, you're a batsman, so you can relate to him much better than what I can'."
Tendulkar spoke during a visit to the Sydney Cricket Ground (SCG) while attending a programme where he was inducted alongside Steve Waugh as the latest Bradman Foundation honourees.
The batting maestro scored three centuries in five Tests at the ground at an average of 157, his best being the unbeaten 241 in 2004 in what also was Waugh's final Test.
"The SCG is my favourite ground. I have always maintained that. It brings back all the memories. I was just outside in the car and I said it feels great to be back. It's been a very special venue to me," he said.
"Right back to 1991, which was the first time I played here. (It's) just the feel of the ground. Whenever I walked in, I felt I could go on and on batting. I just enjoyed the atmosphere, and the pavilion especially. It's a fabulous pavilion with a lot of history. It is the heritage and the impact all the players have left on this ground".
"Performing against Australia always gave me a lot of satisfaction because I knew, if you perform against the leading side, that everyone takes notice of your performance. It is a different kind of satisfaction," he added.
Waugh, who was also honoured at the venue, described Tendulkar as "probably the modern-day Bradman".
"I (Tendulkar) asked him a question: 'What would you have averaged in today's cricket?' He thought about it and said 'Maybe 70'. The natural reaction was 'Why only 70 and not 99?' He said, 'C'mon, that's not bad for a 90-year-old man'."
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Hungary abandons plan for internet taxHungary abandons controversial internet tax plan
Andrew Byrne
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e847f75e-60e2-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Operatic outrage trumps pop or hip-hop© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3835a0ec-607d-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The party is ending for Latin AmericaThe party is ending for Latin America
John Paul Rathbone
The region is looking at a slowdown, but things could be worse, says John Paul Rathbone
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9d02da2-5e9f-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spencer sells City Index to GAIN CapitalSpencer sells City Index to GAIN Capital
Harriet Agnew, City Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09b7e6ba-60fc-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fed risks credibility  says officialFed risks credibility, says official
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09c5ed48-6118-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Branson vows to push ahead after fatal rocket crashBranson vows to push ahead with space tourism after rocket crash
Robert Wright and Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bd2c4aa-612d-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rate rise lifts economic hopes in BrazilRate rise lifts economic hopes in Brazil
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab41fac4-6058-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Israeli minister vetoed settlement fundsIsraeli finance minister vetoed spending on Jewish settlements
John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f3787098-60df-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Settlements choke lifeline to BethlehemShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Settlements choke lifeline to Bethlehem
Oct 30, 2014 : Israel plans to build 1,000 new homes in East Jerusalem, even as some of its western allies have urged a halt to the expansion of settlements. The FT's John Reed travels to Bethlehem to see how the city has been affected by settlement expansion.

US politics: Eyes on the prize© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/202cd180-60e8-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A Carter looks to a new political dynastyA Carter looks to a new political dynasty
Geoff Dyer in Atlanta
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/43ba0446-60fd-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Guardians of the Galaxy  film reviewGuardians of the Galaxy – film review
By Nigel Andrews
Disney’s new superhero saga features a furry warrior-hero and Vin Diesel as a talking tree
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2465fd2e-18ba-11e4-933e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UN panel scrambling to finalise climate reportUpdated: November 1, 2014 19:40 IST
UN panel scrambling to finalise climate report
AP
AP In this October 27, 2014 photo, final preparations are made prior to the opening of the 40th session of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in Copenhagen.
TOPICS
climate change (politics)
The report caps a six-year effort involving thousands of scientists to describe what global warming is doing to the planet and what can be done to stop it.
After an all-night session, the United Nations’ expert panel on climate science was scrambling on Saturday to finish a report on global warming that a top U.N. official said offers “conclusive evidence” that humans are altering the Earth’s climate system.
Combining the findings of three earlier reports, the report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is also expected to describe how climate impacts, including melting Arctic sea ice and rising levels, are already happening and could become irreversible unless the world curbs its greenhouse gas emissions.
The IPCC says scientists are now 95 per cent certain that the buildup of such gases from the burning of fossil fuels and deforestation is the main cause of warming seen since the middle of the 20th century.
“The report offers conclusive scientific evidence that human activities continue to cause unprecedented changes in the Earth’s climate,” said Achim Steiner, the head of the U.N. Environment Programme.
The world has the technology and capacity to act, and needs to do so urgently, Steiner told The Associated Press, as the cost of achieving emissions cuts increases exponentially with each year “because you will have to make far more drastic changes in our economy.”
While the IPCC tries to avoid explicitly telling governments what they should be doing, the report will present scenarios showing that warming can be kept in check if the world shifts its energy system toward renewable sources like wind and solar power and implements technologies to capture greenhouse gases from the atmosphere.
Racing against the clock, scientists and government representatives, who jointly approve the document line by line, worked all night until 5 a.m. local time on Saturday then rested for a few hours before resuming the session in Copenhagen. IPCC spokesman Jonathan Lynn said delegates still needed to agree on some parts of the report before it’s proof-read and prepared for release.
“We’re looking forward to releasing the report Sunday as scheduled,” he said.

Kailash Satyarthi s nobel endeavour for the kidsKailash Satyarthi's nobel endeavour for the kids
Danish Raza , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 02, 2014
First Published: 11:51 IST(2/11/2014) | Last Updated: 12:29 IST(2/11/2014)
Comments
It is easy to miss Kailash Satyarthi, who is almost six feet tall, when he is with aggrieved parents at the office of his organisation, the Bachpan Bachao Andolan, at Kalkaji in south Delhi. He talks to them at a pitch lower than normal. Before they have finished telling him their issues, he has decided which of his team members can help them out.
The 60-year-old child rights activist and campaigner, who jointly won the Nobel Peace Prize 2014 with Pakistani teenager Malala Yousafzai, beating Edward Snowden and the Pope, does not mind posing for the camera. The engineer-turned-activist believes that to keep working for child rights, one needs to keep alive the child inside.
How has your life changed after receiving the Nobel peace prize?
Nothing much has changed in terms of the time I spend at the Bachpan Bachao Andolan (BBA) office. The nature of work has changed, though. It has become very demanding. There has been a flurry of media queries. Many people have been visiting to congratulate me. I have been receiving thousands of emails. It is difficult to segregate them. It is difficult to say no to people. This is beyond my imagination. It has gone too fast and too big. 
You have been working in the child rights sector for about three decades. What have you learnt?
I learnt that nothing is impossible. I took up the issue of child labour when it was a non issue. When we started working, there was no research material or inference. We were charting unexplored territory. While I was saying it was child servitude and not poverty, the general perception was that it was alright for poor children to work. I said there was an element of slavery and denial of human rights. This was new thinking and it was a big task to make people understand this. I also learnt that it is crucial to trust others and make a team. You have to work with people who may not be very professional, geniuses or knowledgeable. I am essentially driven by some sort of spirituality rather than any political ideology.
Are you a practising Hindu?
I believe in the oneness of God but I don't believe in any traditional or conventional religion. I don't visit temples. I believe that God can manifest himself or herself through the purest of creatures and that could be children.
You said that when you started working, it was an unexplored territory. Did you have a mentor or guru?
Not really. I was influenced by several people. From an early age, I had been reading the writings of Mahatma Gandhi and about various freedom fighters such as Subhash Chandra Bose and Bhagat Singh.
Anyone in civil society?
I can't say. I was influenced by Swami Dayanand and Swami Vivekanand. Due to that, I considered becoming a sanyasi and joining a global brotherhood to translate the Indian virtues of sacrifice, compassion and love into actions. But gradually, I became involved in other things. I was active in student politics in my college in Vidisha (Madhya Pradesh). 
You have received a dozen awards from Europe and the US. You have been involved in the global march against child labour and the South Asian Coalition on Child Servitude (SACCS), a coalition of more than 200 NGOs working on child rights issues in India, Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. Why is it that in India, except for journalists and social activists, people hardly know you?
I have been working at two levels simultaneously. One has been direct action and directly working with children, parents and communities in the remotest areas of India and also across the world in places like Ghana and Ivory Coast. I have also been operating at the highest policy levels. That includes making new laws, budgetary allocation for education and elimination for child labour in various countries. This leaves you with limited time. In this time, if you socialise with people in the development sector and media, you become a known figure. You get a kind of recognition and people started knowing your work. I never cared for that. It is not because I am a saadhu. I am happy to see media reports quoting my team mates. It shows that BBA is not individual centric. You see, in our country, glamour, fame, recognition and a person's credentials are all intermingled. If you are famous, you are authentic. I do not think like that. Authenticity lies in your personal conviction and the result of your work on the ground. It is also about the mindset. A lot of attention has been paid to the charity mode of intervention which is considered humanitarian and gets you praise and recognition. When you talk about child rights in terms of justice, human rights, equality and fundamental issues, you don't get that kind of recognition. There is also the political aspect. If you are in politics and trying to do something good, you are immediately picked up by the media. We were never close to any political party.
You mentioned the traditional mindset about child labour. What are your views about children who are getting educated but are also learning some form of traditional skills that have been in their families for generations?
When I started working against child labour in the carpet industry, I was approached by many parents whose children had been lured, kidnapped and forced to work somewhere else. We moved the Supreme Court which appointed a commissioner. He studied the issue and submitted that children working in the carpet industry were not local children. They had never seen or touched a carpet in their lives. No local child was doing this work. You are fooling people by saying that you are making them learn a traditional craft.
Take the example of children who used to work in the Ferozabad bangle and glass industry. The parents of those children had never worked in that industry. Only the kids were doing so. No factory owner would allow his children to work in such a hazardous environment. That is mere propagation. I am not against learning skills. Skill development is something this is needed in our country. But it must be guaranteed that there is no element of exploitation or compulsion or lack of choices. If a child between 15 and 18 years of age goes to school and is learning a skill freely in his or her family environment, there is nothing wrong in that. An educated child with skills will do much better than an illiterate skilful child. Children across economic strata should learn skills. There should be skills building sessions in schools after class 10. But it should not happen at the cost of the right to education.
A criticism of your work came from economist Jagdish Bhagwati. In 2001, when BBA was working to stop child labour in the carpet industry, he gave an interview to a national daily where he said if sanctions were imposed on this industry in Hoshiarpur, then poor families would send their kids to some other industry elsewhere. According to him, the solution was to have NGOs work at ground level and to fund families to send their children to school.
I had a lengthy discussion with Bhagwatiji on this subject after he expressed this opinion. My position on this issue is clear and it applies to various countries. There are around 17 crore children involved in child labour across the globe and 20 crore adults are jobless. There have been studies in a few countries where it has been established, through empirical evidence, that when children are forced to work due to poverty or other reasons, they belong to families with parents who do not get paid employment for 100 days in a year. The child is working for around 400 hours in a year. How does one break this vicious circle? If you allow child labour to continue, then you are allowing adult illiteracy and intense poverty to continue. If we cannot understand this vicious circle, I wonder what economics are we discussing here. It was not only Bhagwatiji. There are many economists, social scientists academicians and ordinary people who used to think like that. Secondly, wherever children are engaged in labour, a few factors are common. For example, it immediately results in lowering of adult wages. Children are the cheapest source of labour. Also, they cannot form unions, go on strike, approach labour courts. They are the most vulnerable physically and mentally. Therefore, child labour perpetuates and causes adult unemployment, poverty and eventually, illiteracy. Wherever there is child labour, there is illiteracy. Wherever there is illiteracy, poverty is bound to follow.  There is a third aspect. In many cases, children working in hazardous conditions suffer physical ailments. They lose their organs. It is an irreparable loss. First, you make them an asset for 5-10 years and then you make them a liability forever. 
You work in more than 100 countries including Latin America and Africa. Tell us about your experiences.
Almost 60 per cent of child labour in the world exists in the agriculture sector. This is because people in India and globally, including the US, think that this is normal. Our argument is that the nature of the agriculture sector has changed a lot from what it was 20-30 years ago. With the use of insecticides, pesticides and various machines, it has become a hazardous sector. The second aspect here is the commercialisation of agriculture. Currently, many children in this sector do not belong to traditional farming families. Most of these farmers are part of a long supply chain. Another major global intervention of ours is in the education sector. I have been the co-founder and founding president of the global campaign for education. I have been working on the inter-linkages between child labour and education. I have been trying to fight against some of the identified and hidden obstacles in achieving education. These include child labour, trafficking, slavery, violence against children and child servitude. Earlier, people were unable to see the connection between child labour and education. I was part of this process which has made a paradigm shift globally towards the notion of education. People used to think of it as charity. Even the US did not have a right-based approach regarding education.
What is the advocacy part played by your organisation?
Advocacy has two aspects. One is awareness building. It is the preventive part. People have to be conscious about the evil called child labour so that they can stop it right at the source. And this is not easy as you have to engage various influential people in society such as priests, teachers and village heads. The first thing we ensure is that all children are withdrawn from exploitative labour without any raid or legal intervention. Secondly, all children are enrolled in schools. Thirdly, village children form a children's parliament or baal panchayat. This is a process of inculcating democratic values in them.    
Advertisement
What is your opinion about India's efforts to tackle child labour?
Child labour is a social evil. Society's response to the issue is very crucial. Social will is lacking right now. We also need better law enforcement. We need to see how to integrate the issue of child labour with the larger development framework including poverty alleviation, rural development and right to education. I believe the current regime's focus on the girl child and on social issues is proactive. 
Some people say that this award is an international recognition of India's failure to tackle child labour and that we stand exposed before the world.
India is an open country with not only functional but a vibrant democracy.  The judiciary is doing a great job. If we talk about various judgments or observations of the Supreme Court on a wide range of issues such as human rights and corruption, can we say that the court has exposed India's dark side for everyone to see? Similarly, media has been reporting heinous crimes. We cannot say that because it reflects poorly on our country, media organizations should abstain from highlighting these issues.

Amazon planning new fulfilment centre in Guj...Amazon planning new fulfilment centre in Gujarat
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 01.47PM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Sources said the new centre will…)
NEW DELHI: World's largest online retailer Amazon is planning to expand its infrastructure in India with its second 'fulfilment' centre in Gujarat as part of the company's $ 2 billion investment plan for the country.
According to sources, the US-based firm has approached the Gujarat government for setting up the centre next year and the firm is expected to start engaging with state government officials soon on the matter.
When contacted, Amazon declined to comment. The company, which competes fiercely in the burgeoning e-Commerce market in India with local players like Flipkart, Snapdeal and other smaller firms, already has a network of seven centres across the country totalling over half a million sq feet area.
Sources said the new centre will bring significant benefits to the state in terms of investment, employment, enhanced revenues as well as scaling up of small and medium businesses.
"Besides providing affordable goods to consumers, it will also give a boost to various ancillary industries in Gujarat," they added.
Amazon currently has a total of 7 fulfilment centres on the outskirts of Mumbai, Bangalore, Delhi, Chennai, Jaipur, Ahmedabad and Tauru (outskirts of Gurgaon).
In July, Amazon had said it will invest $ 2 billion over the next few years to support its rapid growth and enhance customer and seller experience.
The announcement came a day after Flipkart announced a $ one billion funding. Last week, Snapdeal also received a $ 627 million funding from Japanese telecom major SoftBank.
Sources said Amazon sees Gujarat as an "ideal state" given the ease of doing business, world class infrastructure, industry-friendly policies and growing consumer demand.
Amazon senior executives had met Gujarat Finance and Energy Minister Saurabh Patel and other senior officials from the state government last month to discuss the company's expansion plans and explore partnership options.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Panneerselvam defends appeal against Sagayam probe into granite quarryingUpdated: November 2, 2014 16:08 IST
Panneerselvam defends appeal against Sagayam probe into granite quarrying
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam has said his government’s appeal in the Madras High Court against appointing IAS officer U. sagayam as legal commissioner to probe illegal granite quarrying was to prevent delay in the issue. File photo
TOPICS
mining
The government went on appeal against Mr. Sagayam’s appointment as the probe into the scam was over and due legal processes were initiated against those involved, the Chief Minister said.
Amid demands from the DMK that orders be issued to enable IAS officer U. Sagayam to go ahead with the probe into illegal granite quarrying, Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam on Sunday said the government’s appeal in the Madras High Court against appointing the IAS officer as legal commissioner was to prevent delay in the issue.
The Tamil Nadu government went on appeal against the Madras High Court order, appointing Mr. Sagayam as legal commissioner as the probe to bring out the scam was over and due legal processes were initiated against those involved, he said in a statement in Chennai.
Against such a background, “if a new person (Mr. Sagayam) is going to investigate, it will cause delay in the (process) of action already initiated,” he said, adding government took the action as it felt his appointment was not necessary in the given situation.
Mr. Sagayam as then Madurai District Collector had submitted a report over alleged irregularities in granite mining and put the estimated loss to the exchequer at over Rs. 16,000 crore.
On September 11, 2014 the Madras High Court appointed Mr. Sagayam as special officer/legal commissioner to probe alleged illegal granite quarrying in Tamil Nadu, but the State government filed a review petition contesting the order.
The Court, however, imposed a fine of Rs. 10,000 on the State government for not relieving Mr. Sagayam to probe the scam.
Responding to DMK chief M. Karunanidhi’s demand that orders be issued to enable Mr. Sagayam go ahead with the probe, the Chief Minister alleged it was during the DMK regime that a report was filed claiming no irregularities had taken place in granite mining.
“Only during the regime of Amma (former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa) were irregularities detected and a report filed that irregularities had taken place,” he added.
After the AIADMK assumed office in 2011, Ms. Jayalalithaa had instructed officials to submit an inquiry report on the issue and based on the report, on May 19, 2012 the Madurai Collector submitted the report citing irregularities and said revenue loss could be Rs. 16,000 crore in he district, Mr. Panneerselvam said.
He referred to a series of action taken during the AIADMK regime such as inspection of 175 quarries in Madurai district, setting up of 18 special teams for a comprehensive probe, filing of 90 FIRs and subsequent proceedings in court to bring the offenders to book.
The Chief Minister pointed out that the Madras High Court order of October 28 had stated the scam remained undetected till a report was submitted by Mr. Sagayam.
Mr. Sagayam was asked to submit a report during the stewardship of Ms. Jayalalithaa, he said.

Every penny of black money will be brought back: PM ModiEvery penny of black money will be brought back: PM Modi
Vizag steel plant revives production after cyclone HudhudVizag steel plant revives production after cyclone Hudhud 
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Nov. 2:  
After the cyclone Hudhud on October 12, the production in all the units including rolling mills in the Rashtriya Ispat Niam Limited - Visakhapatnam steel plant has been revived, according to a press release.
The release issued here on Sunday said that the revival of raw material-handling facilities, coke ovens, blast furnaces and SMS-1 was completed by October 22. The second line for emergency power for supply of additional 50 MW of power to VSP was connected and charged on October 27 with the help of AP Transco and Power Grid, enabling the RINL to revive wire rod mill-1 on October 31 and SMS-2 and MMSM on November 1. The rolling in LMMM where furnace heating started on October 30 was scheduled to commence late on Sunday.
The repairs to the damaged roofs have also been taken up by the RINL on a war footing and work in critical areas has already been completed. The SAIL is supplying necessary material on a priority basis and the balance work on sheeting is expected to get completed in 2 to 3 weeks time.
P Madhusudan, the CMD, expressed great satisfaction that RINL could revive operations in 3 weeks time despite breakdown of major water supply line in power plant leading to tripping of captive power generation and delaying the process of recovery by three days. He complimented the RINL collective for the safe and speedy revival. He also expressed gratitude to the outside experts for timely guidance to the RINL team on revival initiatives. He also thanked the trade unions, the Steel Executive Association and other associations of RINL, the district administration, AP Transco, Power Grid, the Ministry of Steel, the State and Central Governments for their support extended in the revival process.
#sarma.rs@thehindu.co.in
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

WhatsApp user-base crosses 70 m in IndiaWhatsApp user-base crosses 70 m in India
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 2:  
Mobile messenger service WhatsApp’s user base in India has grown to 70 million active-users, which is over a 10th of its global users, its business head Neeraj Arora said today.
“We have 70 million active-users here who use the application at least once a month,” Arora, a vice-president with WhatsApp, said at the fifth annual INK Conference here.
He said the total user-base for the company, which was bought by Facebook in a blockbuster $19-billion deal earlier this year, is 600 million.
With over a 10th of the users from the country, India is one of the biggest markets for WhatsApp, he said, adding connecting billions of people in markets like India and Brazil is the aim of the company.
Arora, an alumnus of IIT-Delhi and ISB Hyderabad, said WhatsApp will continue to hold a distinct identity even after the takeover by Facebook and will not get merged with the social networking giant.
He said WhatsApp, which has only 80 employees, will benefit through learnings from the social networking giant.
Arora, who first heard of WhatsApp as a business development executive for the Internet search giant Google and later joined as its business head, said it took two years to stitch the $19 billion deal announced this April.
Interestingly, Arora said he would have paid a fraction of the sum to buy WhatsApp three years back.
It would have been in “low tens of million” dollars, he said stressing that the company has grown a lot since then.
Arora said the user-base has doubled to 600 million from the 30 million when he joined three years ago. The company has flourished because of its focus on the product, rather than the business side of things, he said.
“The founders wanted to develop a cool product which will be used by millions and did not have business things like valuations,” he said, stressing that this continues to be a motto of the company.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Welding with Carl BassWelding with Autodesk CEO Carl Bass
Leslie Hook
The software guru, a prominent figure in the ‘maker movement’, is used to working with bright sparks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3da9c194-5eec-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Global Economy Week Ahead: European Growth as Elusive as QuicksilverGlobal Economy Week Ahead: European Growth as Elusive as Quicksilver
China cars slowdown fails to dent DaimlerChina cars slowdown fails to dent Daimler
Andy Sharman, Motor Industry Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8076ade0-5391-11e4-929b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tim Cook says Im proud to be gayApple chief executive Tim Cook says ‘I’m proud to be gay’
John Aglionby in London and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/584fbfc2-6026-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Seth Freed Wessler / NBC Newsseth freed wessler / nbc news
No FBI agent could write this columnNo FBI agent could write this column
Gary Silverman
Sleuths may use the web to trap criminals, but those in the media should not make it easy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c318abc0-5ec3-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mediterranean migrants test humanityOctober 31, 2014 6:35 pm
Mediterranean migrants test our humanity – and we have failed
Letting refugees drown is an indecent policy, writes Paddy Ashdown
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db27a7e4-60ed-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoJ stimulus sends S&P 500 to new recordBoJ stimulus boosts dollar and sends S&P 500 to new record
Michael Mackenzie in New York, Ben McLannahan in Tokyo and Robin Wigglesworth in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2390ba76-6110-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jet Fuel Price Slashed by 7.3%You are here: Home Commodities
Jet Fuel Price Slashed by 7.3%
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 17:52 (IST)
Gold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
New Delhi: Jet fuel (ATF) prices were on Saturday cut by a steep 7.3 per cent, the fourth straight reduction in prices since August on back of falling international oil rates.
The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 4,987.7 per kilolitre, or 7.3 per cent, to Rs 62,537.93 per kl, oil companies announced on Saturday.
This is the fourth reduction in jet fuel rates since August. Rates were cut by almost 3 per cent or Rs 2,077.62 per kl on October 1. Declining international oil prices have made imports cheaper, resulting in price reduction.
In Mumbai, jet fuel will cost Rs 64,414.98 per kl from today as against Rs 69,610.50 per kl previously. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of an airline's operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
No immediate comment was available from airlines on the impact of the price cut on passenger fares.
The three fuel retailers -- IOC, Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp -- revise jet fuel and non-subsidised LPG prices on the first of every month, based on the average international prices in the preceding month.
Yesterday, oil companies had cut petrol price by Rs 2.41 a litre and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre. The sixth reduction in price since August has meant that petrol costs Rs 64.25 a litre in Delhi, Rs 9.36 per litre less than what it cost in July.
The second reduction in diesel rates in one month has led to price coming down to Rs 55.60 a litre.
Also, the price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was cut by Rs 18.5 to Rs 865 per 14.2-kg cylinder.
Since August, this is the fourth reduction in rate of non-subsidised LPG which consumers buy after exhausting their quota of sub-market priced domestic cooking gas.
Non-subsidised LPG in Delhi was priced at Rs 922.50 in July and rates have in every subsequent month been reduced.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 17:47 (IST)

Global economy weekahead - European growth as elusive as quicksilverGlobal economy weekahead - European growth as elusive as quicksilver
LIC sells Rs 7 700 cr shares in 14 Sensex cos | Gold may slip to Rs 24 500LIC sells Rs 7,700 crore shares in 14 Sensex companies, ups stake in 10
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 08.58PM IST
Tags:
LIC
(In five companies --- Wipro,…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned life insurer LIC lowered its exposure in 14 blue-chip firms during the July-September quarter with sale of shares that are currently worth about Rs 7,700 crore.
At the same time, the insurer increased its stake in 10 Sensex firms by purchasing shares to the tune of over Rs 5,000 crore, as per the shareholding pattern of 30-bluechip companies on the BSE.
In five companies --- Wipro, GAIL, BHEL, HeroMoto Corp and Dr Reddy's Laboratories -- LIC's stake remained unchanged during the quarter. It has not held any stake in Hindustan Unilever in the past few quarters.
LIC holds 16.97 per cent stake in Larsen & Toubro, the highest level among its holdings in Sensex firms.
At current share prices, LIC offloaded shares worth 7,700 crore in 14 Sensex constituents. At the same time, the insurance giant picked up scrips valued Rs 5,000 crore in 10 blue-chip companies.
Market analysts attributed the cut in exposure to profit booking.
The trimming of gains by the Life Insurance Corporation of India coincided with a surge of around five per cent in BSE's benchmark index Sensex during July-September quarter.
LIC decreased its stake in Tata Group firms--Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Tata Motors, Tata Steel and Tata Power and banking giants--State Bank of India (SBI), ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, and Hindalco among others.
On other hand, the biggest institutional investor in the stock market shored up its holding in firms including Reliance Industries, Infosys and Bajaj Auto.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Assets of India s financial institutions tou...Assets of India's financial institutions touch $2.8 trillion
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 07.22PM IST
Tags:
Africa
(Way ahead, neighbouring China's…)
NEW DELHI: The total value of assets held by India's financial institutions touched nearly $2.8 trillion, the third largest among BRICS nations, in 2013, says a report.
Way ahead, neighbouring China's financial institutions held assets to the tune of $34.43 trillion last year, the Financial Stability Board (FSB) has said.
BRICS grouping constitutes Brazil, Russia India, China and South Africa.
As per the figures compiled by the FSB, the value of assets of financial institutions in India touched $2.79 trillion last year.
After China, among BRICS nations, Brazil is at the second spot with such assets worth $4.91 trillion.
Russia's financial institutions held assets to the tune of $2.75 trillion while that of South Africa touched $1.06 trillion.
In the case of India, the total value of assets held by financial institutions in 2013 was the lowest as compared to the preceding two years. In 2012, the same stood at $2.90 trillion which was higher than $2.83 trillion recorded in 2011.
According to the FSB, the figures may differ from similar statistics published by national/regional authorities due to differences in definitions.
These statistics are part of its recently released Global Shadow Banking Monitoring Report 2014.
In the report that covers many countries, financial institutions have been classified into as many as seven categories .
With regard to India, the maximum amount of assets -- to the tune of USD 1.68 trillion were held by 'banks' last year.
Broader category of deposit-taking institutions are referred to as 'banks' in this report.
Among others, 'Other Financial Intermediaries (OFIs) held assets to the tune of USD 335.1 billion while those of insurance companies stood at USD 310.8 billion.
A global grouping, FSB has been established to co-ordinate work of national financial authorities and international standard setting bodies to promote effective regulatory, supervisory and other financial sector policies.
Going by its report, global shadow banking assets climbed by USD 5 trillion to USD 75 trillion last year, with euro area and the US accounting for one-third of the total.
Broadly, shadow banking refers to credit intermediation involving entities and activities outside of the regular banking system.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The oil producers game of chickenA game of ‘chicken’ threatens the oil production balance
Izabella Kaminska
Expectations are in flux at the prospect of a world awash with crude, writes Izabella Kaminska
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4de00c36-5ec3-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A record 30 Indo-Americans vying for office ...You are here: Home > Collections
A record 30 Indian-Americans vying for office in US poll
IANS Nov 2, 2014, 04.09PM IST
(Nearly three million people…)
A record 30 Indian-Americans are contesting Tuesday's US elections that will determine the course of power politics in the last two years of President Barack Obama's term in office.
Nearly three million people of Indian descent with an ever growing number of officials in high places,are better educated, earn more than other Americans, but haven't had much of an impact on national politics though they have two state governors and a lawmaker in the House.
No Indian-American is running for any of the 36 seats, including three special elections, up for ballot in the 100 member Senate where Obama's Democratic Party is facing the prospect of losing its 53-45 majority with two Independents in the mix. But four of them are vying for a two-year term in the House where all 435 seats are up for election.
In a divided US Congress, Opposition Republicans currently control the House with a 233-199 lead. Poll pundits expect the Republicans to keep their lead if not increase it.
Prominent among Desi contestants to the House are Democrat Amerish 'Ami' Bera, who two years ago became only the third Indian-American lawmaker in US history -after Dalip Singh Saund and Bobby Jindal- and a former Obama administration official Rohit 'Ro' Khanna.
Bera, whose parents immigrated from Rajkot, Gujarat, received a big boost in his tight re-election race against Republican businessman Doug Ose in California's 7th district with former President Bill Clinton coming to stump for him last week
In the battle for Silicon Valley, Khanna, former deputy assistant secretary in Commerce department, is giving a run for his money to veteran fellow Democrat Mike Honda, who has held the seat for the last 14 years.
Khanna, who has won the backing of Yahoo's Marissa Mayer and Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg in this home of tech titans, in a recent interview to IANS called it "the best pick up opportunity for an Indian American in the country."
In Pennsylvania, Democrat Iraq war veteran physician Manan Trivedi is making his third try to enter the House, while Arvin Vohra of the Libertarian Party is running from Maryland.
In the States, Republican Nikki Haley, seeking a second four-year term as South Carolina Governor, was considered a virtual shoo in even before her Democratic opponent Vincent Sheheen called her a "whore" at a campaign rally and became "a headache" for his party.
Born Nimrata Nikki Randhawa, the daughter of Sikh immigrant parents, has also received the backing of Louisiana governor, Piyush "Bobby" Jindal, who himself is considering a presidential run in 2016.
But in California governor's race, fellow Republican Neel Kashkari, also known as the "700 billion dollar man" for running the bailout programme after the 2007-2008 financial crisis, faces an uphill task against Democratic Governor Jerry Brown.
If he wins again as expected, Brown, 76, will become the only California governor elected to four terms.
In the race for California's top law officer, Kamala Harris, the state's first female Indian-American and African-American Attorney General, is sitting pretty against Republican Ronald Gold.
The daughter of an Indian mother from Chennai and a Jamaican father, whom Obama last year called "by far the best-looking attorney general," to cause a bit of a stir, is also said to be on the President's short list to succeed Attorney General Eric Holder.
A score other Indian-Americans - nine Republicans, 10 Democrats and one Independent - are eyeing legislative seats in 15 states in a bid to win a rightful place in the political arena for the community.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s e-commerce industry booms  public li...(This, industry experts…)
By Aparajita Gupta
NEW DELHI: After foreign investors injected some mega millions into India's e-retail companies in recent months, including the $627 million for SnapDeal by Japan's Softbank, public listing of shares and consolidation are seen as next big developments for this booming industry, seen as a $100 billion market in five years.
This, industry experts said, is not only to realise value for these companies but also to raise the $500 million that's seen as the immediate funding needed for infrastructure, logistics and warehousing, which could go up to a whopping $950 million to $1.9 trillion by 2017.
"Public listing will take place for these e-commerce companies shortly. It could happen even in the next three-four months," said Saurabh Srivastava, director-operations with PricewaterhouseCoopers.
"The demand in the e-commerce space will remain on the higher side in India. There will be also some consolidation in the e-tailing space with some mergers and acquisitions on the cards," Saurabh Srivastava, told IANS.
Signs of these are already visible.
Earlier this year in May two of India's better-known e-retailing companies, Flipkart and Myntra, merged. The deal was estimated to be worth about $300 million. Flipkart also got $1 billion in funding, taking its valuation to a whopping $7 billion.
Soon after, the US-based Amazon said it was investing $2 billion in India's e-commerce space. Once Softbank's investments come in, SnapDeal would have raised some $1 billion this year, including $133.77 million in February from eBay.
"All this cash infusion will help e-commerce companies to build a good scale. This will help the market to mature to the next level. After that they'll look at Initial public Offers (IPO)," said Ashvin Vellody, partner, management consulting with KPMG.
"Broadly, it is a nice way to raise capital using these options," Vellody told IANS.
"The e-commerce trend is two-pronged. There is this increase in velocity toward gaining scale and the second is the mix of business models. I guess there will be two types of business models -- generalists and specialists."
The data on Internet penetration in India is there to back the scales of operation.
There are currently 243 million Internet users in the country and, as per various studies, the e-commerce industry is growing at 38 percent annually. Analysts expect the market size, now at $15 billion, to touch $100 billion in the next five years.
It may come as a surprise, but according to a report of the commerce ministry-promoted India Brand Equity Foundation (IBEF), India has around one million online retailers -- small and large -- which sell their products through various e-commerce portals.
These online retailers have started using mobile apps to increase their reach. Several e-commerce firms such as SnapDeal, Myntra, Flipkart and Jabong are launching their mobile apps. Some have set aside huge funds to acquire companies in mobile apps space.
The market is also set to expand fast since even some large traditional format retail companies, like Reliance Retail of India's largest private company Reliance Industries and the Aditya Vikram Group's chains, are planning to go online.
According to Japnit Singh, senior director, Spire Research and Consulting, Singapore and India, the Indian e-commerce industry is also all set to see a consolidation mode over the next five years.
"In the next five years there won't be too many players in the field left who will have the financial capability to survive. We do expect a lot of mergers of small players into the big players," Singh told IANS.
"Only two-three big players will survive."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maha Cabinet portfolios announced | CM to seek trust vote on November 12You are here: Home > Collections
Maharashtra Cabinet portfolios announced; CM Devendra Fadnavis keeps Home, Housing
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 03.46PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Pankaja Munde, who was made…)
MUMBAI: Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today allocated portfolios to his ten-member council of ministers while keeping the Home, Urban Development, Housing and Health departments with himself.
As per the information provided by the CMO, the portfolios not specifically allocated to any minister will be with the Chief Minister.
Senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse has been given revenue, minorities development and wakf, agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy development and fisheries, and state excise.
Former state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar has been given finance and planning, and forest departments.
Vinod Tawde will hold charge of school education and sports, higher and technical education, medical education, Marathi Bhasha and cultural affairs.
Prakash Mehta , the MLA from Ghatkopar East seat in Mumbai, has been given industries and mining, and parliamentary affairs.
Chandrakant Patil, an MLC, has been given co-operation, marketing and textiles. He will also handle the public works (including public undertakings) department.
Pankaja Munde , who was made the state BJP core committee member after the death of her father Gopinath Munde, will be in-charge of rural development and water conservation, and women and child development.
Vishnu Savara, the MLA from Vikramgadh seat in Palghar district, will be in-charge of tribal development, social justice and special assistance.
Minister of State Dilip Kamble has been allotted tribal development, social justice and special assistance departments.
Besides, Vidya Thakur will be MoS for rural development and water conservation, and women and child development departments.
FEATURED ARTICLES

WhatsApp user-base crosses 70 million in Indiainsider trading
(He said the total user-base…)
MUMBAI: Mobile messenger service WhatsApp's user base in India has grown to 70 million active-users, which is over a 10th of its global users, its business head Neeraj Arora said today.
"We have 70 million active-users here who use the application at least once a month," Arora, a vice-president with WhatsApp, said at the fifth annual INK Conference here.
He said the total user-base for the company, which was bought by Facebook in a blockbuster USD 19-billion deal earlier this year, is 600 million.
With over a 10th of the users from the country, India is one of the biggest markets for WhatsApp, he said, adding connecting billions of people in markets like India and Brazil is the aim of the company.
Arora, an alumnus of IIT-Delhi and ISB Hyderabad, said WhatsApp will continue to hold a distinct identity even after the takeover by Facebook and will not get merged with the social networking giant.
He said WhatsApp, which has only 80 employees, will benefit through learnings from the social networking giant.
Arora, who first heard of WhatsApp as a business development executive for the Internet search giant Google and later joined as its business head, said it took two years to stitch the USD 19 billion deal announced this April.
Interestingly, Arora said he would have paid a fraction of the sum to buy WhatsApp three years back.
It would have been in "low tens of million" dollars, he said stressing that the company has grown a lot since then.
Arora said the user-base has doubled to 600 million from the 30 million when he joined three years ago. The company has flourished because of its focus on the product, rather than the business side of things, he said.
"The founders wanted to develop a cool product which will be used by millions and did not have business things like valuations," he said, stressing that this continues to be a motto of the company.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Check-in system crashes at Mumbai airport  flights delayedCheck-in system crashes at Mumbai airport, flights delayed
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 2:  
The check-in system at terminal 1B of the domestic airport here collapsed today due to crashing of the server resulting in flight delays for some time causing inconvenience to passengers.
However, the system has now been restored and operations at the terminal are normal, a Mumbai International Airport Limited official said.
“The system remained down for 50 minutes due to which check-in could not take place through the computers and it was being done manually,” he said.
The number of flights which got delayed due to the crashing of the system is yet to be ascertained, the official said.
Private carriers Jet Airways, SpiceJet and IndiGo operate flights from terminal 1B while national carrier Air India and budget carrier GoAir operate from terminal 1A of the city’s domestic airport.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Spurious liquor racket: Election managers  excise officers under CIDprobePrint
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: November 2, 2014 5:21 pm
The involvement of election managers of several political leaders in a spurious liquor racket is being investigated after a CID investigation
found that campaign agents had placed orders for several truckloads of spurious and cheap liquor to be distributed to voters in Kadapa,
Chittor, Anantapur, Nellore, Prakasam and Guntur districts during the general and local body elections in April and May this year.
The State Excise Department had seized some consignments of spurious liquor and booked several cases during the elections. However, they were unable to trace the origin of the cartons of liquor as they had changed several hands before being smuggled into Andhra Pradesh.
“In order to know the source of the non-duty paid cheap liquor and to catch the main suppliers, the Andhra Pradesh Government had ordered a
CID inquiry and the all the spurious liquor cases were transferred from Excise Department to CID. The CID took over 32 such cases and
during the investigation found that the cheap liquor originated in Goa and was transported through Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, and Pondicherry into AP by interstate bootleggers operating in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.
The consignments changed hands several times and truck drivers also changed frequently,’’ an official said. A Special Investigation Team of CID arrested Rajendra Nirmal Kumar of Bengaluru, who they claim is the kingpin of interstate liquor suppliers, and works on commission basis. Kumar confessed to having sent 10 truck loads of spurious liquor and was helped in procuring and transporting it from Goa by Krishna Swamy of Chennai and Parthasaradhi Suresh of Pondicherry.
Kumar claimed that the liquor was ordered by agents of political parties during the elections. Kumar was produced before a court in
Nellore on Friday and remanded into police custody.
“Kumar is involved in 10 out of 11 cases of Nellore district. He also admitted that the spurious liquor was manufactured in certain distilleries
located in Goa. He conspired with suppliers and commission agents in Chennai and Pondicherry and supplied truckloads of illicit liquor to
political leaders in AP during elections,’’ an official said.
The CID unit at Tirupati also arrested E Vijay Kumar, a Prohibition and Excise Department sub-inspector posted at Chittor, and Govind
Sankaraiah, a retired Excise Department Head Constable, and a bootlegger B Srinivasulu Reddy of Rayachoti, Kadapa district.
The Excise officials connived with the main suppliers and also helped the bootlegger B Srinivasulu Reddy procure two truckloads of liquor, each
truck carrying 600 cartons, from Goa and Bengaluru which was distributed through liquor shops in Rayachoti in Kadapa. The Election
Commission had declared that 1.44 crore litres of liquor was seized in undivided Andhra Pradesh during the elections.

BHEL Bags Rs 220-Crore Deal in OdishaYou are here: Home Corporates
BHEL Bags Contract Worth Rs 220 Crore in Odisha
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 02, 2014 17:42 (IST)
New Delhi: Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL) has bagged an order worth Rs 220 crore for supplying an electrostatic precipitator package to a power project in Odisha.
The contract is related to the 2x800 MW Darlipali super thermal power project.
State-owned BHEL said in a statement on Friday that the Rs 220-crore order has been placed by NTPC.
The plant is located in Sundargarh district of Odisha.
The contract envisages design, engineering, manufacture, supply, erection and commissioning of Electrostatic Precipitator Package.
ESPs are used in thermal power stations for collecting fly ash present in the flue gas emmited by the boilers into the atmosphere.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 13:53 (IST)

Boko Haram Leader Shekau Mocks Ceasefire Deal  Says Kidnapped Girls  Married Offboko haram leader shekau mocks ceasefire deal  says kidnapped girls  married off
Yokohama starts commercial production in IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Yokohama starts commercial production in India
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 2:  
Japan-based Yokohama Rubber on Sunday said it has started commercial production at its first manufacturing plant in India at Bahadurgarh, Haryana.
Built with an investment of over Rs 300 crore, the unit has an installed capacity of 2,000 tyres a day.
“Yokohama India started the first phase of commercial production at its first tyre manufacturing unit in India at HSIIDC Bahadurgarh Haryana,” the company said in a statement.
With maximum production capacity of 2,000 tyres a day, the plant can be scaled up to three to four folds in the next phases of growth, it added.
The plant, inaugurated in February this year, will manufacture Yokohama Earth-1 tyres, especially designed for India, keeping the diverse road conditions in mind.
Yokohama India is a 100 per cent subsidiary of Yokohama Rubber Company, which had forayed into the Indian market in 2007.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Tata Steel proposes to revise package for Gopalpur projectHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Steel proposes to revise package for Gopalpur project
PTI
Tweet
Berhampur (Odisha), Nov 2:  
Tata Steel has proposed to revise the compensation package for families displaced by its Gopalpur project in Ganjam district.
“We have submitted a fresh compensation package to Odisha government. The package will be announced after the government gives its go-ahead,” Vice-president of the project Arun Mishra said here yesterday.
In 1996, people of Sindhigaon, Badapaur, Patrapur, Kalipalli and Paikapada villages near Gopalpur were displaced when the company acquired 2,970 acres for the then proposed shore-based mega steel plant. People of eight other villages were affected by the project, officials said.
Tatas later shelved the project and decided to set up an industrial park and multi-product special economic zone (SEZ). Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik laid the stone of the proposed park in August 2010.
The delay in execution of the project has led to the discontent among the displaced. Besides a special package in tune with the Resettlement and Rehabilitation (R&R) Policy, they are demanding permanent job to one member of every affected family.
Tata Rehabilitation Village Development Committee had submitted a memorandum to Tata Group’s chairman Cyrus P Mistry during his visit to the area on September 2. It had demanded Rs 15 lakh compensation each to the affected families and fresh enumeration of those displaced by the project.
“The company will formulate a recruitment policy and submit it to the district administration. A skill development centre will be set up in the district to train local youths,” Misra said.
He said the Gopalpur project was a priority for the company. “We’ll be setting up a ferro chrome plan of 55,000 tonne per annum capacity, as an anchor project in the proposed park at a cost of Rs 400 crore. The plant is likely to start operation by March 2015,” said Misra.
Around 350 people would get direct and indirect employment opportunities from the plant, he said.
“Another ferro chorme plant of 2.4 lakh tonne per annum capacity will be set up at same place for which environment clearance has been sought,” he said.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

TCS  Reliance Industries  8 Others Gain Rs 97 648 Crore Market Value in a WeekTCS  Reliance Industries  8 Others Gain Rs 97 648 Crore Market Value in a Week
UPDATE 1-Climate change fight affordable  cut emissions to zero by 2100-UNUPDATE 1-Climate change fight affordable  cut emissions to zero by 2100-UN
Pro-Russian rebels vote for leaders in eastern UkrainePro-Russian rebels vote for leaders in eastern Ukraine
Hero MotoCorp sales decline 8% in OctoberHero MotoCorp sales decline 8% in October
No sanction needed to probe corruption: FadnavisNo sanction needed to probe corruption: Fadnavis
PTI
Tweet
November 2, 2014:  
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis has proposed to do away with the need for sanction to probe the corruption cases where there is a prima facie evidence.
“Why should any sanction be necessary? We would make a framework... where preliminary inquiry is done and there is a prima facie evidence, no sanction should be taken. We would change the law,” Fadnavis told a news channel today.
“There is no need for discretion (for initiating a probe) for corruption cases. When you find certain prima facie evidence, why should you stop?” Fadnavis said, when asked about whether he would allow the anti-corruption bureau to conduct inquiry against NCP leaders Ajit Pawar and Sunil Tatkare in connection with alleged scams in the irrigation sector.
It could also be noted that the then Maharashtra Governor had denied the CBI a sanction to prosecute former chief minister Ashok Chavan in the Adarsh Housing Society case.
When asked if he might become another Prithviraj Chavan who was accused of not acting against his corrupt colleagues, Fadnavis said, “I am not Prithviraj Chavan... I am Devendra Fadnavis. My actions would speak more than my words.”
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Congress issues statement over Robert Vadra  says whole episode propagated for political agendaCongress issues statement over Robert Vadra  says whole episode propagated for political agenda
Geopolitics drives Chinas policy on carsGeopolitics drives China’s policy on green cars
By Tom Mitchell
Backing for green vehicles shaped by concerns on territorial disputes
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9374f0e-3816-11e4-a687-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti Suzuki launches mid-sized sedan Ciazautomobile
Aiming to grab a share of the mid-sized sedan segment, Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) on Monday launched its Ciaz with an introductory price starting at Rs.6.99 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The new sedan comes in petrol and diesel options, powered by 1.4 litre and 1.3 litre engines, respectively.
The petrol variants are priced between Rs.6.99 lakh and Rs.9.34 lakh, while the diesel variants are priced between Rs.8.04 lakh and Rs.9.80 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
“Millions of Indians have enjoyed Maruti cars for years. These customers are looking to upgrade to mid-sized sedans. Ciaz is for them,” MSI Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Kenichi Ayukawa said.
The mid-sized sedan has been developed on a completely new platform. In addition to the domestic market, the company also plans to export the car to markets in the Middle East, Latin America and Africa.

Give debt the credit it deservesOctober 31, 2014 8:19 pm
Cast aside the moral judgment and give debt the credit it deserves
By Nigel Dodd
Funds should be available to those who need them most, writes Nigel Dodd
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd13a1aa-60f6-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Festive Season Fails to Cheer Carmakers; October Sales SubduedYou are here: Home Industries
Festive Season Fails to Cheer Car Makers, October Sales Subdued
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 19:48 (IST)
Action Jackson: Day 2 Box Office Review
New Delhi: Festival season failed to bring cheer to car makers, as major players including Maruti Suzuki India, Hyundai and Mahindra failed to register significant sales growth during the month, which otherwise has been one of the best periods for vehicle sales in the country.
While Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai posted marginal rise in sales during October, others including utility vehicle major Mahindra & Mahindra, Toyota Kirloskar and Ford registered decline in sales as compared to same period of previous year as sentiments remained subdued.
Honda Cars India was the exception posting 18.8 per cent rise in October sales.
The country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki said its domestic sales during the month stood at 97,069 units, up 1 per cent from 96,062 units in October last year.
The company said sales during the month, which sees major festivals, were impacted due to less number of working days during the month.
"Owing to festivals and state elections, during October 2014 Maruti Suzuki had 19 working days. This limited the availability of vehicles during the month. In October 2013 Maruti Suzuki had 24 working days," the company said.
Exports were also affected during the month as shipment of around 1,000 units to Algeria and Egypt was rescheduled to November 2014 due to cyclonic conditions in Gujarat area, it added.
The company's sales in the compact segment comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire declined by 3.5 per cent to 37,083 units in October this year as against 38,410 units during the same period last year.
The recently launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz, however, received good response in the market with the company selling 6,345 units in October.
Rival Hyundai Motor India Ltd (HMIL) sold 38,010 units last month in the domestic market as compared to 36,002 units in October 2013, up 5.57 per cent.
HMIL senior vice president (sales and marketing) Rakesh Srivastava said there was increase in sales in additional and replacement buyers segment with demand led by new models like Elite i20, Xcent, coupled with festival buying.
"We anticipate that this positive momentum would build up further with increase in sales of entry buyers if there is strong promise of improvement in economic and macro factors in rural and urban markets," he added.
Homegrown auto major, Mahindra & Mahindra's domestic sales declined by 15.71 per cent to 40,274 units last month as against 47,787 units a year earlier.
"Our sales for the month of October remained subdued on the back of overall sentiment and high interest rates," said Pravin Shah, M&M chief executive of automotive division and international operations (AFS).
Honda Cars India reported 18.08 per cent increase in domestic sales in October 2014 at 13,242 units as against 11,214 units in the same month last year.
"We have clocked excellent sales during the year so far where all our products have received tremendous response," HCIL senior vice-president (marketing and sales) Jnaneswar Sen said.
Toyota Kirloskar Motor (TKM) said its sales in domestic market stood at 12,556 units during the month, down 4.6 per cent as compared to 13,162 units in the same month last year.
Commenting on the sales performance, TKM senior vice president (sales and marketing) N Raja said: "We have maintained the sales volumes as September, in the domestic market and hope to see growth in the next two months".
Ford India's domestic sales also declined 26.62 per cent to 6,723 units in October as against 9,163 units in the same month of previous year.
"Macro-economic indicators suggest a gradual recovery in the economy. But the positive customer sentiment is yet to translate into vehicle sales, potentially due to high interest rates and inflation," Ford India Marketing, sales and service executive director, Anurag Mehrotra said.
Japanese car maker Nissan also reported a 15.86 per cent decline in sales at 4,106 units in India for the month of October.
In the two-wheeler segment, Chennai-based TVS Motor Company posted 18 per cent rise in sales, increasing from 1,73,229 units in October 2013 to 2,04,294 units in October 2014.
Two-wheeler maker Royal Enfield also said its domestic sales increased by 47.4 per cent at 25,510 units last month as against 17,306 units in October 2013.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 18:13 (IST)

Week in Review  November 1October 31, 2014 6:39 pm
Week in Review, November 1
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d554f7a-6128-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kerala:  Kiss of Love  meets wall of cops  protestersComments
The much-hyped ‘kiss of love’ campaign to protest against growing moral policing has fizzled out after the police rounded up 50-odd activists who were planning to march towards Marine Drive, the venue of the event. The police detained the organisers and sympathisers, including women, even before they could reach the venue of the symbolic protest against moral policing.
A girl kisses a boy as a support to 'Kiss of Love' protest rally, in Kochi on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
Just as the march began at around 4pm, the police team led by DCP (Law and Order), R Nishantini, took the organisers and sympathisers into custody and bundled them into a police van as they raised slogans against moral policing.
Though the organisers had claimed that 5,000 activists would take part in the event many pro-kiss activists backed out at the eleventh hour fearing violence. Since morning many anti-kiss drive activists had swarmed Marine Drive and assembled at vantage points insisting that they won’t allow the event come what may.
The police resorted to a mild lathi-charge to disperse the crowd that attacked two motor-cyle borne pro-kiss activists.  At least eight protesters and media personnel were injured in the ensuing scuffle. Traffic was disrupted for more than two hours.
Despite the police arresting them minutes before their march to the venue, pro-kiss activists claimed that their campaign was a run-away hit. “We succeeded in sending a strong message throughout the country that moral policing is worse than voyeurism. We got unprecedented support from many quarters. It is a strong warning to moral police,” said N Nandini, one of the activists.
Earlier, protesters on Sunday blocked roads leading to Kochi’s Marine Drive, the venue for ‘Kiss of Love’ — a mass-kissing campaign against alleged moral policing by right-wing groups.
The port city remained tense with suspected members of the Shiv Sena, Samastha Sunni Students Federation and other activist groups saying they would not let the event take place.
Around 1,000 policemen were deployed to prevent any untoward incident as those supporting the drive planned to march to the venue by 5:00pm.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised recently by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
A day after the Kerala high court refused to intervene, the organisers said on Sunday they would go ahead with the protest, even as they were yet to get permission from the police.
Though the police had denied permission for the event, they said they would only intervene if it created a law and order problem.
Stressing that it was "not a kiss fest" but a gathering of like-minded people to raise awareness against moral policing, the organisers said they would next focus on creating awareness about the deadly AIDS.
'Free Thinkers', a Facebook group organising the programme, expected about 700-1000 people would participate.
"There is no question of backtracking. The protest will be held as scheduled at 5pm at the venue with participants holding placards," Rahul Pasupalan, IT professional and short film maker and Jijo Kuriakose, a researcher and members of 'Free Thinkers' had told reporters earlier in the day.
On Saturday, the organisers had received a shot in the arm with the Kerala high court refusing to interfere with the event after the state government assured action would be taken in the event of any illegal activities. Two petitions seeking to prohibit the event was disposed by the court recording the government's submission.
"This is not a kiss fest. It is a gathering of like minded people to protest against moral policing. We are independent thinkers and this is a gathering of the Facebook users," they said, adding young and old couple, parents and youngsters were all welcome to participate in the event, which is a platform to protest against moral policing.
Pasupalan said though they approached police four days back with a request for permission to conduct the event, they were yet to receive any intimation allowing or denying permission.
Pointing out that kissing and hugging was only a form of agitation they had chosen to raise awareness against moral policing, Rahul said it was precisely due to the novel form of protest they had adopted that so much heat had been generated.
"Isn't everyone talking about the event?" he asked.
"Because we selected this form of protest, everyone is discussing it. We want to create an awareness against moral policing," they said.
Jijo Kuriakose said the group would next focus their attention on creating awareness about the deadly AIDS.
Interestingly parallel to the ‘kiss fest’ a slew of other protests are expected to take place near the venue. Leading Malayalam literary critic M Leelavathy and Kochi Mayor Tony Chammany are among the main participants expected to join a parallel protest event being organized by the Kerala Students’ Union, student wing of the Congress.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised last week by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
The attack came after a news channel owned by a political party carried a report on October 23 with visuals of “immoral activities” allegedly taking place at the establishment, showing young couples kissing and embracing.
(With PTI inputs)

Check-in system crashes at Mumbai airportIndigo
(The check-in system at terminal 1B of…)
MUMBAI: The check-in system at terminal 1B of the domestic airport here collapsed today due to crashing of the server resulting in flight delays for some time causing inconvenience to passengers.
However, the system has now been restored and operations at the terminal are normal, a Mumbai International Airport Limited official said.
"The system remained down for 50 minutes due to which check-in could not take place through the computers and it was being done manually," he said.
The number of flights which got delayed due to the crashing of the system is yet to be ascertained, the official said.
Private carriers Jet Airways , SpiceJet and IndiGo operate flights from terminal 1B while national carrier Air India and budget carrier GoAir operate from terminal 1A of the city's domestic airport.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xiaomi reigns supreme in Chinese marketXiaomi reigns supreme in Chinese market
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Nov 2:  
Chinese smartphone manufacturer Xiaomi continued to dominate the country’s smart phone market as two of the company’s models topped the sales charts in the third quarter.
The company secured 30.3 per cent of the market share in China, followed by Samsung with an 18.4 per cent share in three months ending September, UK—based market research company Kantar Worldpanel Comtech said yesterday.
Xiaomi shipped 18 million units of smartphones in the third quarter, an increase of 18 per cent from the previous quarter, the company’s founder and CEO Lei Jun recently posted on his Sina Weibo microblog, state—run Xinhua news agency reported.
For the first nine months, Xiaomi, whose name translates into the grain “millet”, shipped a total of 44 million units, he said.
The company’s Red Rice 1S and Rice Note models have topped the sales charts in China during the third quarter.
The company was founded in April 2010 by Lei and his friends in Zhongguancun, Beijing’s technology hub, dubbed as China’s Silicon Valley.
Earlier another global market researcher International Data Corporation (IDC) said in a report that Xiaomi jumped into the top 5 manufacturers list for the first time thanks to its focus on China and adjacent markets, which resulted in triple—digit year—over—year growth.
In the third quarter of this year, Xiaomi’s global market share stood at 5.3 per cent, following Samsung’s 23.8 per cent and Apple’s 12 per cent, according to IDC.
The key to Xiaomi’s success was the launch of its Mi4 smartphone in August, which was positioned as a high—end alternative to the status quo, it said.
“What remains to be seen is how quickly the company can move beyond its home territories to drive volumes higher,” the report said.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Talks with Ocalan enter perilous phaseNovember 2, 2014 11:39 am
Ankara’s talks with Abdullah Ocalan enter perilous phase
Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a80742f0-6275-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Blast at procession celebrating Quasem s death penaltyBlast at procession celebrating Quasem s death penalty
NDA govt will render justice to victims of anti-Sikh riotsNDA govt will render justice to victims of anti-Sikh riots
Delhi BJP chief praises PM s address over radioDelhi BJP chief praises PM s address over radio
Raj Thackeray meets Maharashtra CM Devendra FadnavisRaj Thackeray meets Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis
Black money row: Issue of unauthorized disclosure of names in violation of tax treaties  says JaitleyBlack money row: Issue of unauthorized disclosure of names in violation of tax treaties  says Jaitley
BJP attacks Robert Vadra over journalist incidentBJP attacks Robert Vadra over journalist incident
Investors Pile Into Logistics Stocks as Billions Pour into E-CommerceSahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
From Japan's richest man to Jeff Bezos, everyone wants a piece of India's booming online retail sector. For those without billions to pump into the tightly held firms who dominate e-commerce, the best bet may be the delivery men.
This week, SoftBank Corp Chief Executive Masayoshi Son joined Bezos's Amazon.com Inc in pledging heavy investment in an e-commerce industry worth $10 billion and seen quadrupling in five years. Son's gambit: a stake in Snapdeal, India's third-biggest online marketplace.
Yet the little-known firms that deliver goods ordered online are already raking in rocketing earnings from e-commerce in a country with the world's third-biggest Internet user base, and they're listed. Shares in companies like Transport Corp of India and Gati Ltd have surged more than three-quarters this year as industry watchers seek a chance to invest.
The forecasts for future expansion, and a key role in it for third-party delivery firms, have helped push the more than $50 billion Indian logistics sector, including Gati and Transport Corp, about 80 per cent higher so far this year. That makes it the fifth-best performing major industry in India by the Thomson Reuters StarMine classification.
Earnings are also ramping up. Net income of Blue Dart Express and Transport Corp is expected to jump by 37 per cent and 24 per cent in this fiscal year respectively, according to Thomson Reuters' SmartEstimates, which place an emphasis on recent forecasts by top-rated analysts. In comparison, net profit of companies in the BSE Sensex is expected to rise just 15 per cent on average.
"When you see the limitless growth in the e-commerce sector, you do want to get involved," said Eric Mookherjee, a Paris-based fund manager at Shanti India, whose holdings include Transport Corp. "The next Alibaba or Tencent can be created in a country whose population is roughly similar to China. You will get that in India."
Finance house Nomura estimated in a research note in July that India's e-commerce industry could more than quadruple to $43 billion over the next five years, driven by online retail.
Though India's Internet population is huge, e-commerce infrastructure remains relatively under-developed and ripe for huge growth.
As the market surges, competition for customers among e-commerce firms will see them seek to cut delivery times and expand into smaller cities. While Amazon and Snapdeal use both in-house logistics networks and external service providers, new services will see them relying increasingly on outsourcing.
"Amazon is today advertising 24-hour delivery and that's where people like us come in," said Areef Patel, executive vice-chairman of Patel Integrated Logistics, which serves Amazon India. The 24-hour delivery offer applies only to select postal codes and is not available across the country.
With more than 45 per cent of Amazon's orders in India coming from outside the top eight cities in the country, the company is looking to work with more logistics partners, Amazon India said.
Story first published on: October 30, 2014 11:55 (IST)

Chipotle  Cheesecake Factory feel pinch of record dairy pricesBy Sarah Halzack October 31 Follow @sarahhalzack
A Cheesecake Factory restaurant in Louisville. (Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg)
From the sour cream at Chipotle to the dinner rolls at Panera Bread, many favorite restaurant menu items have become more costly to produce as dairy prices have soared to record highs.
The National Milk Producers Federation reports that average farmer’s milk prices rose to $2.16 per gallon in September, the highest level on record.
And so in their most recent earnings reports, several dining chains have said they’re feeling the pinch of these high costs, which spiked in September but have been unusually high throughout 2014.
Chipotle delivered a blockbuster quarter overall, recording a 20 percent increase in sales at its restaurants open more than a year. But executives said that higher food costs, including for cheese and sour cream, ate into the burrito chain’s profit margins this quarter. (An uptick in beef and avocado prices were also key contributors to the increase in Chipotle’s costs.)
Panera Bread said dairy ingredients for its soups, baked goods and dinner rolls became more expensive this quarter, pushing its costs for these diary items up $2.5 million over the same quarter last year. Cheesecake Factory, which relies heavily on cream cheese for its indulgent desserts, said higher dairy prices cost them $4.3 million in the quarter, or about $0.06 in earnings per share.
Mary Keough Ledman, an economist who specializes in dairy markets, said prices have soared because global milk production slowed down.
“The path to these record high prices was supply-driven,” Ledman said. ‘It was kind of the perfect storm — European output was lower, Oceania’s output was lower, and China’s was lower.”
While U.S. output was not lower, it was not enough to make up for the shortfalls across the globe.
It’s not just restaurant chains that are seeing drag on their balance sheets from high dairy prices.  Kraft Foods noted in its earnings release on Wednesday that it has raised the prices of its cheeses in response to an “unrelenting dairy cost environment.”  Kraft has moved earlier than its competitors to increase its cheese prices, a move that the food giant said has made it difficult to defend its market share. Despite a lower volume of sales in the most recent quarter, the higher cheese prices helped the company post a 1.6 percent revenue increase in its cheese business segment this quarter.
Hershey, one of the world’s largest candy makers, has also initiated price increases on its products to deal with the dairy cost spike.
Supermarket chain Kroger said in September that high dairy prices depressed sales of milk in its stores, creating what chief financial officer J. Michael Schlotman called “a bit of a headwind” for its private label line of groceries.
Dairy experts and the food companies expect dairy prices will ease in 2015 as supply catches up to demand. But for now, restaurants and food manufacturers continue to struggle to absorb the unprecedented costs.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

M&As shackled by labour lawsM&As shackled by labour laws
Gaurav Singhi/Soumya Shanker
big burden Paying for legacy damages 2JENN/SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
Acquirers of Indian businesses are liable for breaches of the law by previous owners
After the general elections in April-May, India is sensing a revival of industrial growth. The investment environment, especially the foreign strategic mergers and acquisition space, also seems to be upbeat. In this buoyant market, a recent Supreme Court judgment may stir the hornets’ nest for strategic acquisitions in India.
Since Independence, labour jurisprudence in India has somehow always been pro-labour.
A close study of the judgments passed seems to suggest that the pro-socialist judges, the most prominent of them being VR Krishna Iyer, have been staunch guardians of labour rights.
Furthering this pro-socialist approach, the Supreme Court in a recent judgment has stated that both the transferee and transferor of an establishment are jointly and severally liable for damages imposed by the authorities for not contributing the statutory payments toward labour dues, prior to the date of transfer of the establishment.
This, in effect means that, in case of a business transfer or asset purchase (either in whole or part) of an establishment, which has labour-related social security dues pending, the seller and the purchaser are jointly or severally liable to pay not only the pending dues but also damages if any imposed by the government authorities.
The law is clear that the liability of dues is jointly on the transferor and transferee in case of transfer of an establishment.
Clear position
However, there was a difference of opinion amongst various high courts in India regarding the position on payment of damages.
But now with the apex court's affirmation on this point, the legal position has for the time being become clear.
Some facts may throw more light on the latest legal position. An Indian entity which owned a tea-estate (transferor), had defaulted in making contributions under the social security contribution legislation, namely the employees’ provident fund laws.
On account of the non-payment, notices were issued for imposition of damages. The transferor asked for waiver of damages but the request was rejected on the predication that the transferor was not in any financial difficulties and there were no rehabilitation proceedings pending before the financial reconstruction authorities.
Meanwhile, the tea estate was sold to another Indian company (transferee) who in turn paid the pending labour dues but not the damages sought to be imposed by the authorities.
Further, the contract recording the transfer of the tea estate clearly mentioned that the liability for payment of any damages on account of non-payment of labour dues would solely lie with the transferor.
On this pretext -- and on the grounds that since the transferor had defaulted in paying the labour dues it was only the transferor who should be made liable to pay damages -- the transferee challenged the order for it to pay damages.
Non-payment of social security contributions is a reality in many Indian companies. This reality is a big concern in today’s M&A market when strategic acquisitions and asset purchases, especially by multinational companies, have become frequent.
Diligence works
In light of this, it becomes imperative for acquirers to not only do detailed diligence on unpaid social security dues but also take adequate measures to ensure that they are adequately protected from damages/penalties (if any) imposed by the authorities. Merely stating in the definitive agreements that any damages would be the responsibility of the transferor/seller, does not ring fence the acquirer/transferee.
Specific indemnities from the transferor and holdbacks by the acquirer on the purchase price may be a few effective ways of protecting the acquirer in such situations.
Acquirers of Indian businesses or assets have to be very diligent and careful to safeguard themselves from shelling out huge sums as damages for intentional breaches of the law by erstwhile owners.
The writers are with J Sagar Associates
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Democrats make last stand in GeorgiaDemocrats make last stand in Georgia
Geoff Dyer in Decatur, Georgia
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0b073e16-60fd-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Francisco Cant  Marco Morales and Felipe Nunesfrancisco cant  marco morales and felipe nunes
Investors challenge Portugals BES rescueInvestors file legal challenge over Portugal’s BES rescue
Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29639fa0-613c-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Government Cuts Import Tariff Value on Gold and SilverYou are here: Home Industries
Government Cuts Import Tariff Value on Gold and Silver
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 18:30 (IST)
Action Jackson: Day 2 Box Office Review
New Delhi: The government on Saturday slashed import tariff value on gold to $391 per 10 grams and silver to $551 per kg following weak global price trends.
During the last fortnight, the tariff value on imported gold was fixed at $401 per 10 grams and on silver at $575 per kg.
The import tariff value is the base price at which customs duty is determined to prevent under-invoicing. It is revised on a fortnightly basis taking into account global prices.
The decrease in tariff value on imported gold has been notified by the Central Board of Excise and Customs, an official statement said.
Gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell by 2.3 per cent to $1171.60 per ounce and silver by 1.73 per cent to $16.18 per ounce in yesterday's trade.
In the national capital, gold prices are ruling at Rs 26,550 per 10 grams, while silver at Rs 36,250 per kg today.
Gold is the second largest import item for India after petroleum. Gold import increased for the second straight month to 95 tonnes in September ahead of festival season.
The government has imposed several restrictions to curb imports to contain current account deficit (CAD). Import duty on gold was increased thrice to a record 10 per cent last year and made it mandatory to export 20 per cent of the imported gold.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 18:28 (IST)

Talks with Shiv Sena on track; confident of forming alliance: CMTalks with Shiv Sena on track; confident of forming alliance: CM
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 2:  
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today said talks with Shiv Sena were on track and he was confident of forming an alliance with the former partner for a strong government.
“Talks with Shiv Sena are on and they are on track. I am confident that we will form an alliance with Shiv Sena and it will be a strong government,” he said.
He said BJP has neither accepted nor rejected the unilateral decision of NCP to abstain from the crucial trust vote on November 12.
“They have said they will abstain during the trust vote,” he said.
The Chief Minister also said none of his government’s decisions would be influenced by anyone’s pressure.
“We are not here to save our government. There will be no compromise on basic issues,” he told NDTV.
Fadnavis said there would be zero tolerance on the issue of corruption and that the government will not target any individual for political vendetta.
The 44—year—old Chief Minister said he was happy but not overwhelmed with the new responsibility.
“It is a big responsibility. Maharashtra is the second biggest state and I feel the pressure of aspirations of 11.20 crore people,” he said.
Fadnavis said his priority was to restore governance in the state as there has been a paralysis in decision—making and policy implementation.
“I want to run an efficient and transparent government. I may be soft spoken but a ruthless administrator,” he said, adding that Prime Minister Narendra Modi had told him not to run the government to save it.
“Run the government and the people will save it even if you lose, people will re-elect you,” Fadnavis quoted the Prime Minister as saying.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Raj Thackeray meets Fadnavis  discusses tourism and developmentRaj Thackeray meets Fadnavis  discusses tourism and development
Black money: Unauthorised disclosure of names can sabotage investigations  says Arun JaitleyBlack money: Unauthorised disclosure of names can sabotage investigations  says Arun Jaitley
Could the sanctions on Russia backfireAbout Nick
Blog guide
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
This blog looks at the relationship between energy and power, plus the global trends and influences on the industry. Nick aims to blog twice a week
Nick Butler is Visiting Professor and Chair of the Kings Policy Institute at Kings College London.
He spent 29 years with BP, including five years as Group Vice President for Policy and Strategy Development at BP from 2002 to 2006.   He has also served as Senior Policy Adviser at No 10, Chairman of the Centre for European Reform and Treasurer of the Fabian Society.
Nick Butler is an investor in, and an adviser to a number of companies and institutions in the energy business.  The views expressed are solely those of Mr Butler.  This material is not intended to provide and should not be relied upon for investment advice or recommendations.   Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investment.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Kuwait and Saudi in new row over energy: ReportReport says Saudi wants Dorra gas to be pumped through Khafji & then divided, & that Kuwait insists it should take its share directly from the field.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
KUWAIT CITY: Kuwait and Saudi Arabia are locked in a new energy row , this time over a jointly operated offshore natural gas field also shared with Iran, a newspaper reported today.
Citing Kuwaiti sources, Al-Rai newspaper said work at the Dorra field had been halted due to differences between the two countries over the routing of the gas they extract.
The report said Saudi Arabia wants any Dorra gas to be pumped through Khafji and then divided between the two countries, and that Kuwait insists it should take its share directly from the field.
Kuwait shares separately with Iran and Saudi Arabia the Dorra gas field , whose recoverable reserves are estimated at some 220 billion cubic metres.
Development of the part jointly owned with the Saudis has been frozen for a year, according to Al-Rai.
The row comes a month after production at the offshore Khafji oilfield in a neutral zone between the two Arab states was halted last month, with Kuwaiti officials saying it was due to technical issues.
However, trade unions and media outlets in Kuwait said that Saudi Arabia stopped production unilaterally because of differences between the two countries.
Khafji is capable of producing 311,000 barrels of oil per day.
Kuwait and Iran have been involved in unsuccessful talks for more than 10 years to demarcate their maritime border in the area.
The Gulf emirate is rich in oil but needs the Dorra field because it lacks sufficient supplies of natural gas.

Meeting most of world: Modi government s foreign policy(Barring most of the African…)
By Ranjana Narayan
NEW DELHI: Barring most of the African Union countries, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will have met leaders of most countries of the world by the end of December 2014, pointing to the heightened stress on foreign policy by the new Indian government that took power on May 26.
Modi, who set off a foreign policy buzz with invites to eight South Asian neighbours, including Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, for his swearing-in, has met leaders of many countries, including the big powers the US, China and Russia.
During the BRICS meeting in Fortaleza, Brazil, July 15-17, he met Dilma Rousseff of Brazil, Vladimir Putin of Russia, China's Xi Jinping and South Africa's Jacob Zuma. He also met the leaders of 11 countries of Latin America at the sidelines of the meet -Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, Uruguay and Venezuela.
He has visited neighbours Bhutan and Nepal and hit it off with Japan's Shinzo Abe during his visit in September. Modi also paid a successful visit to America where besides bonding with President Barack Obama he also met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
He has already met Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, who was the first foreign leader to meet the new government when he arrived here in September. Chinese President XI Jinping also paid a successful visit to India last month.
In November, which is set to see heightened foreign policy activity, Modi will meet the Southeast Asian leaders at the ASEAN summit in Myanmar. He will also meet the East Asia Summit (EAS) leaders at capital Nay Pyi Taw, which is held at the same time.
The annual summit meeting with the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations takes place Nov 12-13. The 10 countries are Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Indonesia, Lao PDR, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, Thailand, the Philippines and Vietnam.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung has just visited India. Modi wiil get to meet Myanmar President Thein Sein and also the new Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
Modi will be meeting the EAS members, which include beside the 10 ASEAN nations, Australia, China, Japan, New Zealand, South Korea, Russia and the USA.
During the Nov 15-16 G-20 meet in Brisbane, Australia, that follows soon after, he would meet with the members that include Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Turkey, the United Kingdom, the United States and the European Union.
The meeting with the leaders of the 28 EU member states would complete his meeting with the European Union.He is slated to hold a bilateral with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and also British Prime Minister David Cameron.
He flies to Fiji from Australia, where he will meet Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama.
He returns on Nov 20 and after a two-day break travels to Kathmandu for the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, where he would meet new Afghan President Ashraf Ghani.
He will meet with Russian President Vladimir in December in New Delhi for the annual summit.
President Pranab Mukherjee has been doing his bit too. He went to Vietnam in September and recently he visited Norway and Finland and interacted with the leadership, helping to boost India's presence in the Arctic Council bloc. And he visits Bhutan later this week.
Modi's ever-busy foreign minister Sushma Swaraj has been reaching out and visiting a number of countries. Among neighbours, she has visited Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan and Afghanistan and is slated to visit Sri Lanka soon. She is currently visiting Mauritius and would touch base with the Maldives on her way back.
 
Sushma Swaraj has also attended the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, interacting with the important Central Asian countries of Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan besides Russia and China. Iran and Mongolia were present there as observers, while Belarus, Turkey and Sri Lanka are dialogue partners and Turkmenistan is a guest.
She has also visited Bahrain, Tajikistan, Singapore, Vietnam and Myanmar and earlier this month visited the UK. She is slated to visit the UAE later this month.
India was to host all the 54 countries of the African Union at the India-African Union Forum Summit in December in Gurgaon, but due to the Ebola outbreak in West Africa the meet has been put off for the time being.
Oman's Foreign Minister Yousuf bin Alawi bin Abdullah was the first foreign dignitary to meet with the Modi government in early June, soon after it assumed power.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IDFC Plans to Hire 1500 for Banking OpsYou are here: Home Corporates
IDFC Plans to Hire 1500 Personnel for Banking Operations
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 02, 2014 19:51 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
Mumbai: As it readies to convert itself into a full-fledged bank, IDFC has said it will be hiring around 1,500 professionals in the run-up to the launch.
"At present we are 600 at the group level and are looking at hiring 1500 more before launching our banking operations," the infra lender's group chief financial officer Sunil Kakar said over the weekend.
He said a bulk of the hiring will happen in the next fiscal year, as the company approaches the October 1 deadline it has set for itself to launch the bank.
Managing director and chief executive Vikram Limaye said the senior management team, which includes a majority of the department heads, has already been hired and the company will be recruiting the remaining talent in a structured manner so as to not affect its costs.
Justifying the massive hiring, he claimed that the company's cost-to-income ratio at around 16 per cent is very low.
IDFC was selected along with micro-lender Bandhan to start a bank with universal offerings by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in April in the first round of bank licensing that came in after 2002-03.
The in-principle nod, given in April, is valid for 18 months. There have been doubts about the new players poaching talent from the existing lenders. However, all the existing lenders, especially those from the private space, have dismissed such concerns till now.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 18:20 (IST)

Man allegedly rapes 6 years old girl in Mahabubnagar districtMan allegedly rapes 6 years old girl in Mahabubnagar district
Pakistan: At least 37 killed in powerful blast at WagahborderPrint
A woman grieves next to the bodies of victims of the Wagah bomb blast, at a Lahore hospital on Sunday. (Source: AP photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: November 2, 2014 8:04 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 12:48 pm
At least 55 people, including children and security personnel, were killed and 200 injured in a powerful blast set off by a suicide bomber at Wagah in Pakistan on Sunday, minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the Indo-Pak border.
Officials said that it was a suicide attack. The explosion occurred in the parking area of the Wagah border. Pakistani Rangers have cordoned off the blast site.
Al-Qaeda affiliated group Jandullah has claimed responsibility for the attack, according to Express News. TV footage showed shops and nearby buildings destroyed.
 
Terror attack in Pakistan near Wagah Border is shocking. I strongly condemn such a dastardly act of terrorism.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 2, 2014
An emergency has been declared at hospitals in Lahore. “We received 35 bodies including those of women and children and 60 to 70 were wounded,” Deputy Medical Superintendent of Ghurki Hospital near the Wagah border, identified only as Dr Khurram, told TV channels.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has called for a report on the incident.
Wagah is the only road border crossing between Amritsar and Lahore. Huge crowds gather every day at the crossing to watch a “lowering of the flags” ceremony which soldiers from both countries have conducted for decades.
Inspector General, Punjab Police, Mushtaq Sukhera said, the attacker approached the gate as the crowd was vacating the parade area where the flag ceremony is held. “Our teams have confirmed that it was a suicide blast,” he said.
Earlier reports had said it could be a cylinder blast.
The IG said the bomber was stopped at the gate of the parade ground and detonated the bomb right there.
“A large number of people were returning after watching the Rangers parade ceremony when a suicide bomber blew himself up near one of the exit gates,” Sukhera said. He said three Rangers personnel were also among the dead.
“Up to 5 kg of explosive material was used,” Sukhera said.  To a question about security arrangements, he said, “The Rangers had made stringent security measures but it is difficult to check a suicide bomber.”
Imdad Husain, an eyewitness, told reporters that he was returning after watching the parade ceremony when he heard a bang.
“I fell unconscious. When I gained consciousness, there was darkness. Many injured and I cried for help, lying on the road. After 15 minutes, some rescue men shifted me to Ghurki Hospital,” he said.
Samina Bibi was also returning along with her husband and two young children when the blast took place. On the bed of the Ghurki
Hospital, she was crying and asking the doctors about her husband and children. “The doctors were comforting her saying they are alright,” Imdad said.
Punjab Emergency Services Rescue 1122 spokesman Jam Sajjad told PTI the death toll could rise.
Wagah suicide attack. Jandullah claims responsibility. Terms it retaliation to Op. Zarb-e-Azb. Militants v/s women & children. What logic.
— Sana Bucha (@sanabucha) November 2, 2014
“We have shifted about 200 injured to different hospitals of Lahore,” he said. Quoting a senior doctor at Ghurki Hospital, he said the condition of over a dozen was critical.

Thousands protest army power grab in Burkina FasoThousands protest army power grab in Burkina Faso
Cong defends Vadra over spat with mediaCong defends Vadra over spat with media
Asian Granito Q2 net up 37%Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Asian Granito Q2 net up 37%
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Oct 31:  
Ceramics products maker, Asian Granito India Ltd (AGL) posted 37 per cent rise in the net profit at Rs 3.95 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014 against Rs 2.88 crore in the corresponding quarter previous year.
Company’s net sales for the period stood at Rs 215 crore, up 14 per cent against Rs 188 crore in the same period previous year. Company’s earnings per share (EPS) for second quarter stood at Rs 1.75 per share (on face value of Rs 10 each), the company informed in a statement issued on Friday.
For the six-month period ended September 2014, the company reported a net profit of Rs 7.30 crore as compared to Rs 5.43 crore in the same period previous year. Net sales for the period stood at Rs 391 crore as against Rs 345 crore in the corresponding period last year, showing a growth of 13 per cent. Earnings per share for the first half period were Rs 3.23 per share (on face value of Rs.10 each).
 
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Man is cured of arachnophobia -- by losing a chunk of his brain(EPA/Joe Shamesh)
Do spiders send you screaming and running for help? Just dig a chunk out of your amygdala!
Not really. Please don't do that.
But for one man, researchers recently reported in Neurocase , giving up a bit of brain meant the difference between arachnophobia -- an intense fear of spiders -- and a pleasant fascination with the arachnids.
The amygdala is deep inside the brain, and there's no way of messing with it without invasive surgery. So no, this patient didn't go under the knife just to get rid of his manageable fear of spiders. NewScientist reports that the 44-year-old businessman was suffering from sudden seizures caused by sarcoidosis. This rare condition can cause damage to the brain, and it was messing with the left portion of his amygdala.
Once it was removed, the man's fear of spiders was gone. In fact, he went from being afraid to kill spiders by hand to actually wanting to touch and observe them close-up.
But the patient wasn't suddenly fearless. He still had his old fears, like public speaking. It's possible that the part of the amygdala that was removed was responsible for sudden, panicked fear responses (the spike in adrenaline that the patient would normally experience upon spotting a spider) but not more general fear responses (like a fear of being humiliated while speaking to a crowd).
In any case, researchers won't be jumping to carve out brain matter to test the theory -- even for more severe phobias. But since a fear of spiders is so common, they might be able to keep tabs on future patients undergoing the same surgery. Maybe some of them will have arachnophobia, too -- and maybe they'll also be cured.
1 of 7

Med becomes a no-mans land for migrants© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e323bf80-60e0-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Abortion law upheld by minority voteBy Will Baude November 1
There have been a lot of abortion-related cases in the news lately, but last week I noticed this case from the Supreme Court of North Dakota that struck me as particularly noteworthy. The court upheld a state abortion law against a federal constitutional challenge by a 2-3 vote. That is, two justices in favor, three against, and the two won. (Original link, and more links, all via Howard Bashman .)
Apparently North Dakota has a constitutional rule that requires a supermajority to invalidate a statute, and it applies that rule not only to state constitutional claims to federal constitutional claims. My first reaction was huh, that’s weird. My second reaction was can they do that?
I’ve read a few articles about supermajority rules generally, but none of them really seemed to get at whether a state could impose such a rule on federal claims on its own initiative. (A lot of the citations are in this recent essay by Jeremy Waldron ; Waldron doesn’t really answer the doctrinal question of whether such a rule can control federal claims). I also noticed a series of dissenting opinions by various justices questioning the validity of the supermajority rule, but they didn’t tend to be doctrinally detailed.
So what’s the best way to think about this? I’m not sure. A few possibilities:
Due Process: The Supreme Court has repeatedly held that the due process clause entitles litigants to a certain kind of unbiased adjudicator . A rule that says that challengers need to convince four of the five justices on the court is sort of equivalent to a rule that says that there are seven justices on the court but two of them have decided that they always vote against your claim, no matter what the facts and no matter what the law. Maybe that would be a due process problem, and if so maybe this is a due process problem by analogy. But only by analogy.
Preemption: State courts are generally supposed to apply federal doctrines of constitutional law when deciding federal constitutional claims. If the Supreme Court says that abortion rights are regulated by an “undue burden” test, lower courts aren’t supposed to demand a “superstrong undue burden” instead. For reasons detailed by Adrian Vermeule and Jacob Gersen , doctrinal deference and voting rules can be translated into one another. So demanding a supermajority vote to overturn an abortion statute is kind of like imposing a superstrong undue burden test. But only kind of.
Testa v. Katt , Haywood v. Drown , etc.: In a series of cases that bedevil federal courts students every year, the Supreme Court has restricted the ability of state courts to close themselves off to federal claims. But in general those restrictions have targeted states that either treat federal claims less favorably than analogous state claims or states that refuse to even entertain certain claims. Neither of those is quite true here — the state applies the same deference to state constitutional and federal constitutional claims, and it’s not refusing to hear the cases entirely.
If there’s a better way to think about this, or a good case or article on point, I welcome suggestions in the comments.
UPDATE: Several of the thoughts and suggestions so far will merit a follow-up post, but for now I thought I’d mention just that further research has revealed the following two footnotes that briefly address this problem:
To the extent that this clause might direct the state’s highest court to affirmatively enforce a state statute despite the fact that a court majority deems the statute contrary to the U.S. Constitution, this clause plainly violates the federal supremacy clause, which specifically addresses state judges and obliges them to prioritize the U.S. Constitution over a mere state statute. No other state follows the North Dakota or Nebraska model. Instead, majority rule generally prevails on state courts. For an excellent discussion, see Evan H. Caminker, Thayerian Deference to Congress and Supreme Court Supermajority Rule: Lessons from the Past, 78 Ind. L.J. 73 (2003).
Akhil Reed Amar, Lex Majoris Partis : How the Senate Can End the Filibuster on Any Day by Simple Majority Rule, 63 Duke L.J. 1483, 1488 n.8 (2014)
One could mount several types of challenges to congressional adoption by statute of a supermajority rule for the Supreme Court. First, one could argue that Article III implicitly mandates that the Supreme Court decide cases by bare-majority rule, notwithstanding silence by the text and Framers on this issue. Second, one could argue that Congress lacks delegated authority to prescribe voting protocols for the Supreme Court, though the Necessary and Proper Clause seems on its face to suggest otherwise. Third, one could argue that Article III implicitly grants the Supreme Court exclusive, or at least final, authority to determine for itself how to decide cases, including the choice of voting procedures and protocols. Fourth, one could argue that even if Congress could impose some voting protocols on the Supreme Court, Congress could not impose any protocols that would sometimes dictate the outcome or rule of law imposed in particular cases. Fifth, one could argue that this particular protocol violates separation of powers principles because it purports to aggrandize power to Congress itself. Sixth, one could argue that a supermajority protocol targeting constitutional challenges to federal statutes would require that the Court essentially decide legal issues rather than (or in addition to) deciding cases, and this would contravene the case or controversy requirement or otherwise interfere with the proper function of an Article III court. Perhaps in recognition of these at least plausible constitutional concerns, twelve of the fourteen federal supermajority proposals introduced since 1968 were couched as constitutional amendments rather than statutory dictates. See infra app. at 121-22. I consider these constitutional challenges to a congressionally dictated supermajority rule in Evan H. Caminker, Playing with Voting Protocols on the Supreme Court (unpublished manuscript, draft on file with author).
Evan H. Caminker, Thayerian Deference to Congress and Supreme Court Supermajority Rule: Lessons from the Past, 78 Ind. L.J. 73, 77 n.12 (2003)
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

Bullishness in markets to continue Here s what will set the toneBullishness in markets to continue; earnings, key data to set tone
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 03.34PM IST
Tags:
Bullishness
(Some of the other factors…)
NEW DELHI: The stock market, which has hit back-to-back new highs, is expected to remain bullish in the holiday-shortened week, wherein earnings announcements and key macroeconomic data would dictate the trend, experts say.
Some of the other factors that are likely to impact stock market movement include, trend in global equity markets and investment activity of foreign institutional investors.
Trading would be truncated this week as the stock market would remain closed on Tuesday, November 4, on account of Muharram and on Thursday, November 6, on account of Gurunanak Jayanti.
The Sensex concluded last week at 27,865.83, showing a robust rise of 1,014.78 points, or 3.78 per cent. Similarly, the Nifty finished at 8,322.20, breaching the 8,300-mark for the first time.
"We firmly believe the upward bias will extend further and sectors like banking, auto will continue to outperform in the coming week as well," Religare Securities President-retail distribution Jayant Manglik said.
Bonanza Portfolio Associate Fund Manager Hiren Dhakan said, markets would remain bullish for the coming week atleast and 7900-7950 would act as a strong support to Nifty over the medium term.
This week market would see a lot of data pouring in like the HSBC Manufacturing PMI data and HSBC India Services PMI. Besides, auto and cement companies would report their monthly sales figures.
In addition quarterly results would have stock-specific impact this week. Major earnings this week include those from, Dabur India, Hexaware, IRB, Canara Bank, Aurobindo Pharma, Jet Airways, L&T, Marico, Syndicate Bank and UCO Bank.
"In the near term, focus will consistently remain on further reform initiatives," Kotak Securities Head- Private Client Group Research Dipen Shah said, adding that Winter session of the Parliament will be closely watched for GST, land reforms, etc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Next Generation Business Leaders Stock Wealth Rises in Market RallySahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: As the record stock market rally continues, the value of shares directly owned by next-generation business leaders at 20 major corporate houses has soared over 18 per cent to Rs 17,000 crore so far this year.
This includes value of shares owned by the children of top executives and promoters of the listed blue chips such as Infosys, Cipla, Sun Pharma and the Reliance groups, while excluding the family holdings and equity owned through other entities such as trusts.
Collectively, the value of their holdings has risen by Rs 2,600 crore, or 18.2 per cent, from about Rs 14,000 crore at the end of 2013.
Topping the charts, the children of Infosys founders saw the value of their combined shareholding soared 14 per cent to Rs 12,200 crore in the first 10 months this year. Total value of their combined shareholding had soared by over 50 per cent to Rs 10,720 crore during 2013.
Among them, Akshata Murthy and Rohan Murty - children of Infosys co-founder Narayana Murthy - saw the value of their shares topping the Rs 6,500 crore mark. Similarly, the value of shares allotted to former Infosys CEO Nandan Nilekani's children Nihar and Jahnavi rose to nearly Rs 1,350 crore, according to an analysis of data available on the BSE.
The next generation of other Infosys co-promoters like Meghana (Kris Gopalakrishnan), Divya and Deeksha (K Dinesh), Shruti and Shreyas (S D Shibulal) saw their holdings rise to Rs 245 crore, Rs 1,115 crore and Rs 2,978 crore respectively.
The value of holdings by Wipro chairman Azim Premji's sons - Rishad and Tariq, however, at Rs 53.6 crore saw marginal rise, as shares of the IT major were flat from the end of last year.
Among other notable winners, Aalok Shanghvi, son of Sun Pharma founder Dilip Shanghvi, and his sister Vidhi's combined holdings rode on the back of an over 46 per cent uptick in the drug maker's stock price to touch about Rs 485 crore. Aalok is senior general manager of international business at the firm.
There has also been robust rise in wealth of children of Cipla's M K Hameid, Kamil and Samina as value of holdings soared by Rs 550 crore. In 2013, gains were marginal. Siblings Kamil, who is chief strategy officer of Cipla, and Samina hold shares worth about Rs 1,390 crore.
Sons of Wockhardt promoter Habil Khorakiwala - Murtaza (managing director) and Huzaifa (executive director) - saw a 75 per cent increase in holdings at Rs 34 crore.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 15:01 (IST)

Yamaha Domestic Sales Rise 5% in OctoberYou are here: Home Corporates
Yamaha Domestic Sales Rise 5 Per Cent in October
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 02, 2014 18:09 (IST)
New Delhi: Yamaha Motor India on Sunday reported a 5 per cent increase in domestic two-wheeler sales at 54,362 units in October.
It had sold 51,808 units in the same month last year.
Yamaha Motor India Sales Pvt Ltd vice president (sales and marketing) Roy Kurian said, "The incessant growth reinforces our belief in our business and strategic outlook."
"The recent launches and innovative customer-connect programmes helped garner major sales for us and we certainly hope this sales trend will continue in the coming months as well."
"Our scooter offerings, especially 'Alpha', and new variants of our FZ series bikes with Blue Core and Fuel Injection have been a catalyst in giving us good numbers over the past few months and now with the addition of SZ-RR Version 2.0 in our motorcycle lineup, we have strengthened our presence in the 150 cc deluxe as well as commuter segment," he added.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 17:28 (IST)

LIC Sells Rs 7700-Crore Shares in 14 Sensex FirmsSahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) lowered its exposure in 14 blue-chip firms during July-September 2014 with sale of shares that are currently worth about Rs 7,700 crore.
At the same time, the state-owned life insurer increased its stake in 10 Sensex firms by purchasing shares to the tune of over Rs 5,000 crore, as per the shareholding pattern of 30 bluechip companies on the BSE.
In five companies - Wipro, GAIL, BHEL, HeroMoto Corp and Dr Reddy's Laboratories, LIC's stake remained unchanged during the quarter. It has not held any stake in Hindustan Unilever in the past few quarters.
LIC holds a 16.97 per cent stake in Larsen & Toubro - the highest level among its holdings in Sensex firms.
At current share prices, LIC offloaded shares worth 7,700 crore in 14 Sensex constituents. At the same time, the insurance giant picked up shares valued at Rs 5,000 crore in 10 blue-chip companies.
Market analysts attributed the cut in exposure to profit booking.
The trimming of gains by the insurer coincided with a surge of around 5 per cent in BSE's benchmark index Sensex during July-September quarter.
LIC decreased its stake in Tata Group firms - Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Tata Motors, Tata Steel and Tata Power - and banking giants - State Bank of India (SBI), ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, and Hindalco, among others.
On other hand, the biggest institutional investor in the stock market shored up its holding in firms including Reliance Industries, Infosys and Bajaj Auto.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 18:20 (IST)

Ukrainian breakaway regions hold criticized ...You are here: Home > Collections
Ukrainian breakaway regions hold polls criticized by international community
AP Nov 2, 2014, 07.38PM IST
Tags:
Alexander Zakharchenko
(Zakharchenko, whose election…)
DONETSK: Residents of separatist-controlled regions in eastern Ukraine voted Sunday to elect legislators and executives in polls that have been staunchly denounced by the international community.
Voting in the main rebel city of Donetsk proceeded in the presence of gunmen inside three polling stations visited by the AP.
Despite a cease-fire agreement being signed in September, fighting continues almost daily between government troops and rebel forces in the area. Ukrainian security officials have routinely maintained rebels are being supplied by Russia and said Sunday that they have noted an intensive transfer of weapons and troops from Russia. Russia has previously denied such claims.
Election organizers have cast the vote as a decisive development in the break from Ukrainian rule by the mainly Russian-speaking regions of Donetsk and Luhansk. Around half the territory of those areas is held by separatist forces.
Russia supports the elections, but the UN, EU and the United States say it violates Ukraine's constitution and the terms of the cease-fire. The truce deal, which has been signed by rebel leaders, Ukrainian and Russian officials, envisions local elections being held across the whole of the east, but under Ukrainian law.
Alexander Zakharchenko, whose election as head of the self-styled Donetsk People's Republic is a foregone conclusion, said Sunday that he hoped the vote would bring peace to a region where 4,000 people have been killed in fighting.
``If they give us recognition and return the land we've lost without putting up a fight, then we will restore normal economic ties (with Ukraine) and we will live like equal economic partners,'' said Zakharchenko, who has been leading the rebel government since early August.
The eve of the vote saw an intensification of hostilities around Donetsk, but there was little sign of unrest Sunday.
It is unclear exactly how many people were able to vote as rebel officials say they have no access to central Ukrainian electoral rolls. Roman Lyagin, head of the rebel election commission, said Sunday that 350 polling stations were operating Sunday and that 1.4 million people were eligible to vote.
Critics argue the lax application of rules that oblige voters to be registered in the areas in which they cast their ballot could leave the way open to multiple voting or participation by non-locals.
A gunman dressed in military fatigues, who gave only his first name Alexander and the nom de guerre Raven, told AP at a polling station that despite being from Ukraine's Odessa region, he should be allowed to vote. Russian citizens fighting with the rebels should also be given that right, he said.
``They can fight and die here. So how come they can't vote here?'' he said.
Five minutes later, Alexander successfully cast his ballot.
Turnout appeared to be brisk, in part due to the limited number of polling stations available. More than 200 people were seen lining up outside one polling station Sunday morning in the east of Donetsk.
  Lyubov Khatsko, 55, who came to vote from the town of Marinka, just west of Donetsk, expressed despair at the continued unrest rocking her hometown.
``We have the right to have our own election, our freedom and to live the way we want to. We want the Ukrainians to get out of here,'' she said, speaking in Ukrainian.
The school where Khatsko cast her ballot was guarded by three armed rebels. An ammunition depot holding at least 20 automatic rifles was seen through an open door to a hall next to the room where the voting was taking place.
The election has been almost universally snubbed by international vote monitors, but a contingent of representatives from largely fringe Western and Russian political parties were observing the vote.
``As strange as it might sound, it is fine to hold elections in these conditions,'' said Alexei Zhuravlev, a lawmaker with Russia's Fatherland party. ``This is the first step toward stabilizing the situation here. If we don't do it, this (war) will continue.''
Ukrainian security spokesman Andriy Lysenko said Sunday that government military presence has been bolstered in residential areas and checkpoints near rebel-held zones ahead of the election.
Lysenko said that attacks on Ukrainian positions remain a constant occurrence and that military equipment and manpower is being intensively delivered into rebels areas from Russia.
A convoy of several dozen military trucks, including some carrying multiple missile launchers, was seen traveling Saturday along roads in the Donetsk region. Eight trucks matching that description were seen by an AP reporter in Donetsk.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nepal parties agree on constitution dealNepal parties agree on constitution deal
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 07.03PM IST
Tags:
CPN-ML
(Nepal's ruling parties…)
KATHMANDU: Nepal's ruling parties today reached an agreement on major contentious issues of the new constitution that will be promulgated by January next year.
Nepali Congress (NC), CPN-UML, Rastriya Prajatantra Party (RPP) and CPN-ML agreed on the deal on matters relating to restructuring of state, forms of governance, judicial system and electoral system.
A meeting of the ruling parties held at the prime minister's residence here also decided to draw a draft of the agreement on the four key issues and begin discussion with opposition parties including UCPN (Maoist) and Madhesh-based parties, according to Nepali Congress sources.
After the top leaders of the four ruling parties sign the deal it will be handed over to the chairman of the Constituent Assembly's constitutional-political dialogue committee Baburam Bhattarai, for promulgation of the Constitution by January 22, 2015 as per the agreed calendar.
The four parties are said to have agreed to a six-province model for state restructuring, including four in the hills and two in the southern plains.
The naming and demarcation of the provinces will be done on the basis of identity and viability, according to sources.
As regards the forms of governance, the ruling alliance have agreed for a reformed parliamentary system including for the president and prime minister to be elected by parliament.
As per the deal, there shall be a bicameral legislature in the centre with 75 members in the upper house and 175 in the lower house.
The upper house will be elected through proportional representation voting system and the lower house through direct election or first-past-the-post system.
The parties have agreed to continue with the existing judicial system with the Supreme Court as the highest judicial body.
The meeting was attended by Prime Minister Sushil Koirala, who is also Nepali Congress president, and NC leaders Ram Chandra Poudel and Sher Bahadur Deuba.
Likewise, the CPN-UML, was represented by party chairman K P Sharma, Bhim Rawal and Madhav Kumar Nepal, while Surya Bahadur Thapa and parliamentary party leader Deepak Bohara represented RPP in the meeting.
However, the two major ruling parties, Nepali Congress and CPN-UML are holding consultation with the top leaders of the UCPN-Maoist tomorrow to strike a deal so that the new Constitution could be promulgated through forging consensus among all the political parties.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bashar Assad s Syria truncated  battered  bu...You are here: Home > Collections
President Bashar Assad's Syria truncated, battered, but defiant
AP Nov 2, 2014, 07.24PM IST
Tags:
Aleppo
(Syrian President Bashar…)
TARTOUS(SYRIA): Syrian businessmen start from scratch after their shops and factories were destroyed. Families who lost their homes struggle to rent new dwellings and make ends meet. Along highways stretching through government-controlled areas are the bombed ruins of once-rebellious towns, now dotted with checkpoints.
Government-controlled Syria is truncated in size, battered and impoverished. But it carries on, underscoring how Syrian President Bashar Assad's government has clung to power, despite an armed rebellion to uproot him, now well into its fourth year.
Visits the past week to the capital, Damascus, and the coastal region of Tartous, a stronghold of government support, show how Syrians have adjusted to life in this reduced country. Thick barriers surround government buildings, painted in the red, black and white of the Syrian flag. Assad's portrait is everywhere: as a soldier, a businessman and a father.
After years of brutal back and forth, the government rules over Damascus and a sweep of territory west to the Mediterranean coastal region that includes Syria's biggest cities, along with some parts south of the capital. Rebels hold some suburbs in the countryside around Damascus and parts of the northwest. The extremist Islamic State group has imposed its rule over territory encompassing a third of both Syria and neighboring Iraq.
The war constantly intrudes. The persistent thud of bombings of nearby rebel-held areas is the soundtrack of Damascus.
Checkpoints dot roads, often concrete shacks spruced up with posters of Assad cut into heart shapes. Soldiers rest on faded couches.
``Got any cigarettes, sir?'' one soldier hopefully asks a driver.
Local pro-government militias also guard towns and neighborhoods, aiding Assad's stretched army.
Mustachioed men with assault rifles peer into cars at the entrance of the historic Bab Touma area of Damascus. The majority Christian district is a favorite target for mortars from the nearby rebel-held neighborhood of Jobar. Anti-Assad activists accuse some pro-government militias of being more brutal than soldiers, and say they demand bribes and steal cars.
Leaving Damascus, the highway is well-paved, including a strip of freshly asphalted road. Nearby stands part of the smashed remains of the town of Nabak, whose residents rebelled against Assad early in the uprising. The yellow Ferris wheel in Nabak's amusement park is faded.
Graffiti nearby reads ``Assad for eternity.'' Another reads: ``I love you Lulu.''
It's unclear how many Syrians live in rebel- and government-controlled areas, given the demographic upheaval in a country where nearly half of the population has fled their homes. Areas once dominated by Assad-loyal minorities, like the Alawite-dominated coastal region of Tartous, have seen their communities change character as they host some 350,000 displaced people, mostly Sunni Muslims.
That ultimately will have a longer-term effect: It will be difficult for Assad's government to carve out an Alawite bastion, as some critics suggest he is doing _ and which government officials deny.
It also highlights the fact that Sunnis, who form the country's majority faith group, form Assad's chief power base, even as the rebellion is dominated by Sunnis. Minorities, like the Alawites, Shiites and Christians, mostly support the government or have remained neutral.
The displaced include a Muslim preacher, Mustafa Sobhi and his wife, Faten Shaar, who fled to a town in Tartous province after rebels burned down their pharmaceutical factory. Sobhi says the rebels in his hometown in the northern city of Aleppo punished him because his son, Majed, was in the army. Majed was killed in March last year.
Sobhi's other son now sells sandwiches outside a local university. The upper-middle-class family's fortunes were destroyed in the war, but they were safe in Tartous, Sobhi says.
``We have to be one hand,'' he says, sitting beside his wife on a thin mattress on the floor, the apartment's only furniture. A large poster of their slain son in his army uniform and another praising Assad hangs on the wall.
The displaced include Sunni traders from Aleppo, once the country's industrial powerhouse. Some have re-opened businesses in Tartous on a smaller scale.
 
Mohammed Jallad, an oven maker, fled as fighting intensified in his Aleppo neighborhood. His home and business were destroyed in shelling.
With a loan, he reopened business in Tartous, sharing an industrial space with four other Aleppo men. He sleeps in a nook above his ovens to save money.
His shop's rent tripled over two years as demand by displaced people rose. From 15 workers in Aleppo, he now employs two.
Jallad says he doesn't want to flee abroad, fearing he would join the fate of some 3 million Syrian refugees who mostly live in miserable circumstances.
``I wanted to work, so where could I go? The situation abroad is humiliating,'' he says.
As Syrians struggle to get by, they have adjusted to reality.

Overseas investors pull out Rs 1 200 crore from Indian equities in OctoberYou are here: Home Market
Overseas Investors Pull Out Rs 1,200 Crore From Indian Equities in October
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 02, 2014 19:42 (IST)
New Delhi: Overseas investors have pulled out nearly Rs 1,200 crore from the Indian stock market in October, making it the first monthly withdrawal in 14-months, mainly on account of profit-booking.
In comparison, the debt market saw an inflow of around Rs 18,000 crore during the period.
Foreign investors were gross buyers of equities worth Rs 69,317 crore last month and sellers to the tune of Rs 70,488 crore, registering a net outflow of Rs 1,171 crore ($190 million), the latest data showed.
The was also the first instance of monthly withdrawal by overseas investors (foreign institutional investors or foreign portfolio investors) since August last year, when they had pulled out Rs 5,923 crore.
The latest outflow comes after overseas investments in the stock market hit seven months low in September.
"We have witnessed an outflow in this month mainly due to profit booking and the market is also in a consolidation mode," CNI Research head Kishor Ostwal said.
He further said that the long-term prospects of staying invested in India are still positive.
Since the beginning of this year, overseas investors have infused a net amount of Rs 82,266 crore ($13.7 billion) into the equities, while they invested a net of Rs 1.36 lakh crore into the debt market ($22.5 billion) taking the total to Rs 2.18 lakh crore ($36 billion).
From the beginning of June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to create a new investor category called FPI.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of foreign investors into India to over $207 billion since 1991. In rupee terms, their investments are at Rs 10 lakh crore level during the period.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 19:02 (IST)

SIT asks people to share information on black moneySIT asks people to share information on black money
Dream of commercial spaceflight deflated as accidents show risksDream of commercial spaceflight deflated as accidents show risks
At least 37 killed  120 injured in a blast near Wagah Border in Pakistan: TV reportsprint
The flag ceremony at Wagah is attended by hundreds on both sides of the border and is particularly crowded on Sunday. (File Photo)
As many as 55 people, including women and children, were killed and about 200 were injured in a suicide bomb attack at the Wagah checkpoint near Lahore and along the India-Pakistan border on Sunday evening. No damage was reported on the Indian side.
"A large number of people were returning after watching Rangers flag ceremony at Wagah border when a suicide bomber blew himself up near one of the exit gates," inspector general of police of Punjab Mushtaq Sukhera said. He said three Pakistani Rangers were among the dead.
A militant group close to Pakistani Taliban, claimed responsibility for the deadliest attack to hit Pakistan in a year, saying it was a response to the Pakistani army's actions against their positions in tribal areas.
Indian security establishment had got intelligence inputs suggesting that the flag-lowering ceremony may be targeted, sources told HT in Delhi.
“India’s external intelligence agency, Research and Analysis Wing had got intelligence inputs some 15 days back indicating that the flag-lowering might be targeted by the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan,” a home ministry official said on condition of anonymity.
The bombing took place on the Pakistani side at least 500 meters from the border at 6.12pm. No Indian troops were hurt but the blast left windows and doors of the Border Security Force post shaking. Most of the people who died in the blast were returning from the ceremony.
Read: Flag lowering ceremony at Wagah suspended
The 18-year-old bomber tried to enter the security perimeter of the border area complex but was checked by the Rangers and that is when he detonated the explosives strapped on his body, Sukhera said. He was carrying 20 to 25 kg of explosives.
“I was sitting in my office near the border when I heard the blast. I rushed to the scene and saw scattered bodies, injured men, women and children and smashed cars," a Pakistani intelligence source said.
Security officials expressed fear that the teenager might have been trying to detonate himself further inside the complex that could have caused damage on the Indian side as well.
The dead and wounded were taken to Lahore’s Ghurki hospital, where distressed relatives, weeping and hugging each other in grief, searched for their loved ones.
Live TV footage showed people drenched in blood and crying in pain as they were evacuated to hospitals. At the hospitals, relatives of the dead cried and beat their chests and heads. "My brothers, my two brothers… They both are dead," a man wailed.
"We received 35 bodies including those of women and children and 60 to 70 were wounded," Deputy Medical Superintendent of Ghurki Hospital near the Wagah border crossing, identified only as Dr Khurram, told Pakistani television channels.
 
Lahore police chief Amin Wains confirmed it was a suicide attack. "Ball bearings were found at the scene," he said. TV channels showed images of gutted shops and buildings near the checkpoint. 
 
Every day before sunset soldiers from Pakistan and India gather at Wagah, the only road border crossing between Amritsar and Lahore, to simultaneously lower the two nations' flags.
 
Pakistan has been wracked by a homegrown Taliban insurgency that has killed thousands of people in recent years, but attacks have tailed off since the army launched a major anti-militant offensive in the northwest in June.
Read: Wagah blast: Our side is completely safe, says BSF IG Ashok Kumar
 
An HT team that visited the joint check-post in the night saw ambulances and other vehicles moving on the Pakistani side.
India's Border Security Force (BSF) troopers were put on high alert along the India-Pakistan border after the attack.  
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi condemned the blast. "Terror attack in Pakistan near Wagah Border is shocking. I strongly condemn such a dastardly act of terrorism," Modi tweeted.
 

Will Bring Back Every Penny of Black Money   Assures PM Modi on  Mann ki BaatWill Bring Back Every Penny of Black Money   Assures PM Modi on  Mann ki Baat
LIVE: At least 48 killed in suicide attack at Wagah border inPakistanPrint
A woman grieves next to the bodies of victims of the Wagah bomb blast, at a Lahore hospital on Sunday. (Source: AP photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: November 2, 2014 8:04 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 12:48 pm
At least 55 people, including children and security personnel, were killed and 200 injured in a powerful blast set off by a suicide bomber at Wagah in Pakistan on Sunday, minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the Indo-Pak border.
Officials said that it was a suicide attack. The explosion occurred in the parking area of the Wagah border. Pakistani Rangers have cordoned off the blast site.
Al-Qaeda affiliated group Jandullah has claimed responsibility for the attack, according to Express News. TV footage showed shops and nearby buildings destroyed.
 
Terror attack in Pakistan near Wagah Border is shocking. I strongly condemn such a dastardly act of terrorism.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 2, 2014
An emergency has been declared at hospitals in Lahore. “We received 35 bodies including those of women and children and 60 to 70 were wounded,” Deputy Medical Superintendent of Ghurki Hospital near the Wagah border, identified only as Dr Khurram, told TV channels.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has called for a report on the incident.
Wagah is the only road border crossing between Amritsar and Lahore. Huge crowds gather every day at the crossing to watch a “lowering of the flags” ceremony which soldiers from both countries have conducted for decades.
Inspector General, Punjab Police, Mushtaq Sukhera said, the attacker approached the gate as the crowd was vacating the parade area where the flag ceremony is held. “Our teams have confirmed that it was a suicide blast,” he said.
Earlier reports had said it could be a cylinder blast.
The IG said the bomber was stopped at the gate of the parade ground and detonated the bomb right there.
“A large number of people were returning after watching the Rangers parade ceremony when a suicide bomber blew himself up near one of the exit gates,” Sukhera said. He said three Rangers personnel were also among the dead.
“Up to 5 kg of explosive material was used,” Sukhera said.  To a question about security arrangements, he said, “The Rangers had made stringent security measures but it is difficult to check a suicide bomber.”
Imdad Husain, an eyewitness, told reporters that he was returning after watching the parade ceremony when he heard a bang.
“I fell unconscious. When I gained consciousness, there was darkness. Many injured and I cried for help, lying on the road. After 15 minutes, some rescue men shifted me to Ghurki Hospital,” he said.
Samina Bibi was also returning along with her husband and two young children when the blast took place. On the bed of the Ghurki
Hospital, she was crying and asking the doctors about her husband and children. “The doctors were comforting her saying they are alright,” Imdad said.
Punjab Emergency Services Rescue 1122 spokesman Jam Sajjad told PTI the death toll could rise.
Wagah suicide attack. Jandullah claims responsibility. Terms it retaliation to Op. Zarb-e-Azb. Militants v/s women & children. What logic.
— Sana Bucha (@sanabucha) November 2, 2014
“We have shifted about 200 injured to different hospitals of Lahore,” he said. Quoting a senior doctor at Ghurki Hospital, he said the condition of over a dozen was critical.

37 killed in powerful blast at Wagah border in Pakistan37 killed in powerful blast at Wagah border in Pakistan
Modi a man with vision  but not impressed: DikshitModi a man with vision  but not impressed: Dikshit
Burkina coup threatens anti-Islamist fightOctober 31, 2014 6:55 pm
Burkina Faso coup threatens western campaign against Islamists
Javier Blas – Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91857f7a-6116-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kevin Feige: the nerd who made Marvel hot© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b2db3a84-5ec3-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Virgin Galactic spacecraft crashes during test flight  killing oneBy Joel Achenbach , Drew Harwell and Mark Berman October 31 Follow @joelachenbach Follow @drewharwell Follow @markberman
A Virgin Galactic spaceship designed to take tourists on excursions beyond Earth's atmosphere broke up during a test flight Friday over the Mojave Desert, killing the pilot. (AP)
A Virgin Galactic spacecraft intended to carry tourists crashed in the Mojave desert due to an “in-flight anomaly” during a test flight Friday, killing one person, the company said.
The accident, the second this week involving a craft intended for spaceflight, left a trail of debris scattered across the Mojave. It was not known in the immediate aftermath what happened to SpaceShipTwo, but the company said in a statement that “a serious anomaly” had occurred.
“From my eyes and my ears, I detected nothing that appeared abnormal,” Stuart Witt, chief executive of Mojave Air and Space Port, said of the launch during a news conference Friday afternoon. He later added, “If there was a huge explosion that occurred, I didn’t see it.”
The crash was a devastating blow to one of the most high-profile startup space companies, as well as the other people involved in working on such flights.
“We are human. And it hurts,” Witt said.
Stuart Witt, chief executive of Mojave Air and Space Port, said at a news conference that one crew member died and another was injured after a suborbital passenger spaceship crashed on Friday. (Reuters)
First responders on the scene found the aircraft “in several different pieces,” said Donny Youngblood, sheriff of Kern County, during the same news conference. They found one person who was declared dead at the scene, and another who had suffered “major injuries” and was taken to Antelope Valley Hospital, he said.
The disaster occurred shortly after 10 a.m., when SpaceShipTwo separated from White Knight Two, which was carrying the vehicle into the air, according to the Federal Aviation Administration. The FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash.
“We’re going to get through it,” George Whitesides, chief executive of Virgin Galactic, said during the news conference. “The future rests in many ways on hard, hard days like this. But we believe we owe it to the folks who were flying these vehicle as well as the folks who’ve been working so hard on them to understand this and to move forward, which is what we’ll do.”
Richard Branson, who founded Virgin Galactic in 2004, posted on Twitter that he would be flying to Mojave:
Thoughts with all @virgingalactic & Scaled, thanks for all your messages of support. I'm flying to Mojave immediately to be with the team.
— Richard Branson (@richardbranson) October 31, 2014
Earlier Friday, the flight took off from the Mojave Desert, despite some initial concerns about high winds.
We’re still closely tracking the weather—mainly winds on the ground and aloft. Stay tuned for updates.
— Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
And we have takeoff for WhiteKnightTwo & #SpaceShipTwo here in Mojave, CA. This is SS2's 55th flight & WK2's 173rd.
— Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
#SpaceShipTwo has been released by WhiteKnightTwo, and is now flying freely for the 35th time.
— Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
Ignition! #SpaceShipTwo is flying under rocket power again. Stay tuned for updates.
— Virgin Galactic (@virgingalactic) October 31, 2014
Branson founded Virgin Galactic with the goal of making it the world’s first space tourism company. He is the founder of Virgin Group, which has hundreds of companies, including Virgin Atlantic and Virgin America airlines.
RELATED: Destination Unknown | An occasional series on the future of NASA and space exploration.
“My heart and prayers go out to the pilots of SpaceShipTwo and their families,” Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) said in a statement. “Their courage and bravery to embark on missions that will lead towards expanding man’s reach into space exemplify the ingenuity and imagination of America. Today’s devastating crash is a reminder how fragile life is in these efforts.”
SpaceShipTwo is designed to hold two pilots and six passengers. The company has taken deposits of up to $250,000 each from more than 700 people to reserve seats on the first space tourism flights,  according to the Albuquerque Journal .
Charles Lurio, publisher of a newsletter about the commercial space industry, the Lurio Report, compared the test-flight explosion to the hundreds of people lost over years of testing early aircraft.
“I hope people understand that in order to make progress in certain areas, you have to take certain risks,” Lurio said. “This is why we need more than one or two companies trying things out, and why we need people willing to test things on the ground. … We need to enable more people to try, not fewer.”
The first flight tests of SpaceShipTwo began in 2013. But at the beginning of this year, the company suspended tests after changing the fuel used to power its rocket, the Albuquerque Journal reported . Earlier this month, it resumed tests and announced that the final phase of testing — which would take the spacecraft into the outer edges of the earth’s atmosphere — would begin soon.
The beginning of commercial service has been continuously pushed back, but the company now says that it could finally become a reality in 2015.
The crash of the spaceship is a huge blow to Virgin Galactic, which had been hoping to be the pioneer of space tourism – selling customers tickets at $250,000 each to ride more than 60 miles above the Earth’s surface, which by conventional definitions is into space, on suborbital flights. The company has been promising for many years that it is getting close to commercial operation, but has faced a series of delays because of technical issues – not an uncommon problem in spaceflight.
SpaceShipTwo was designed by the legendary engineer Burt Rutan, who founded a company, Scaled Composites, in the desert town of Mojave, Calif., near Edwards Air Force Base and in a part of the country known for historic aviation feats – including pilot Chuck Yeager’s breaking the sound barrier in 1947. A smaller predecessor to the craft, SpaceShipOne, became the first private spacecraft to reach space in 2004.
The spacecraft was not designed to become an orbital vehicle. It was, however, designed to be entirely reuseable. Whitesides said last year that 650 people had put down money so far for tickets. The original price of $200,000 a seat had risen to $250,000 by that point.
“I hope that we do have competition at some point. Right now there’s not much competition, because it’s hard, it’s hard to build these things, it’s hard to put these operations together,” Whitesides said at the time. He gave a Post reporter a tour of a hangar where spaceship parts were being built, but the spacecraft itself was out of sight in a different hangar.
A Virgin Galactic passenger spaceship crashed during a test flight over the Mojave Desert in California on Friday due to an “in-flight anomaly.” At least one person was killed in the accident. (Reuters)
The design of the eight-seat craft calls for it to be carried by a mothership, the White Knight Two, to a launch altitude more than nine miles above the ground. Then the spaceship is dropped by the carrier vehicle. Soon thereafter, a rocket motor fires and propels the ship into space. It then glides back to Earth and lands on a runway.
“We’re living the dream. Building spaceships!” Whitesides said last year. He noted the competitive, hit-or-miss, entrepreneurial quality to the “New Space” industry and Mojave in particular: “This is like Cupertino 1978,” he said, referring to Silicon Valley. “You’re going to have winners and you’re going to have losers.”
SpaceShipTwo had completed more than 50 test flights, many of them unpowered “glide flights,” but Friday’s was only its fourth powered flight. It was also the first time the space plane’s rocket engine had been started since January.
Virgin Galactic officials said this month that the company had accomplished a series of successful test flights and extended ground tests of the space plane’s rocket motor. They added after one unpowered test that “Today’s flight brings spaceflight closer.”
The explosion could also hurt interest in SpaceShipTwo’s competition. Another suborbital space plane, XCOR Aerospace’s Lynx, is in development and expected to launch from Mojave, with tickets starting at $95,000.
The crash Friday comes just days after the explosion of an unmanned rocket, which blew up seconds after it launched from Wallops Island, Va., on Tuesday night. And it comes 10 years to the month after SpaceShipOne reached a crucial milestone, becoming the first privately built vehicle to fly to the edge of space two times in two weeks. The achievement was marked as a pinnacle of private spaceflight and netted them the $10 million Ansari X Prize.
1 of 31

Small-cap Week  November 1© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d9670a6c-6151-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Meet Tochhong  the first Mizo woman to joinIASPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: November 2, 2014 5:27 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 5:39 pm
Dressed in a green T-shirt and track-pants, L Tochhong sits in the living room of her official residence at dusk on her last day of work and says, “I do not like to feel that I am a woman because that means I am insecure and I do not want that to be a drawback for me.”
When she joined the Indian Administrative Service in 1979, L Tochhong became the first Mizo woman to join the elite all-India service. Two years ago on August 31, she set two simultaneous records; she became not only the first woman to become the Chief Secretary of Mizoram, she also became the first Mizo woman to hold the post.
Her administrative ability may be grasped from her looking after six different departments at the time of her retirement, which included Political and Cabinet and Home, working closely with both Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla and Home Minister R Lalzirliana.
On October 31, she completed her last day in office after a career spent serving in Maharashtra (as a probationer in Thane), Goa, Delhi (first as Sub-Divisional Magistrate, Tiz Hazare, and then as director in the Union Home Ministry) and later in her home-state of Mizoram.
Upon her superannuation, she has also been immediately appointed as State Election Commissioner.
Born on 18th October, 1954, L Tochhong’s parents moved from Mizoram to Shillong when she was just five years old. She grew up and studied there and, like girls her age then, she aspired to become a “glamorous” air-hostess or “a doctor and heal the world and all that sort of thing”, but it was after her matriculation that she began to seriously consider the civil services.
Given she has been a pioneering female in a patriarchal community that has nevertheless seen a growing number of working women, she follows a difficult rule of thumb.
“I have never felt my gender, frankly speaking,” she says.
Never?
“Maybe at times, on some rare occasion,” she concedes, “But I always quickly discourage that kind of feeling. And I think that is very wise.”
“And I would also advise other women to never let that be a drawback. In a workplace there is no gender. Even if they try to put you down with some condescension or something else I think one should build up that barrier so that you are never touched by these things,” she adds.
“I had a very happy equation with our Ministers,” she reminiscences, “I think our political leaders have matured a lot over the years.”
Although Mizoram is generally known for and hosts a relatively gender-equal society especially in the urban areas, the highest echelons of power remains male-dominated. For example, it was only this year that a woman was elected to the state assembly for the first time in 27 years.
A comment L Tochhong generally evokes among less senior officials both male and female is that her professional attire has almost always been the traditional Mizo wraparound called puan, which though commonly worn is not always donned as office-wear, most adult women reserving it for continued…

Repeated hounding not appropriate: Congress on Vadra mediarowUnpleasantness of repeatedly asking questions at private functions, like what happened with Robert Vadra on Saturday, must be avoided at all times: Congress. (Source: PTI/file)
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 6:16 pm
Backing Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Sonia Gandhi, Congress on Sunday said “repeated hounding” of an individual is “not appropriate” and advised the media to avoid “unpleasantness” of shooting questions at private functions, like what happened to him.
Taking a step further, the party also highlighted Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s brush ins with the media and said the entire episode is being propagated as a “political agenda for obvious reasons” which cannot be considered either fair or proper.
“Indian Constitution and our established ethos guarantee Right of Privacy, personal space and liberty to all individuals, more so, when a person is neither in public life nor holds any public office.
“Unpleasantness of repeatedly asking questions at private functions, like what happened with Robert Vadra on Saturday, must be avoided at all times,” AICC spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said.
He said that “repetitive hounding” of an individual on an issue that has been “conclusively rejected both by a Constitutional body like Election Commission of India as also High Courts and finally the Supreme Court of India is not appropriate”.
Vadra had lost his cool and reportedly pushed aside the microphone of a reporter at a five-star hotel gym when he was quizzed about his controversial land deals in Haryana.
A livid Vadra was seen on a video footage shown on TV channels asking the reporter four times as to whether he was serious about his land deal question.
The Congress spokesperson said that while rejecting a Public Interest Litigation of a “BJP sympathizer” against Vadra, none less than the Supreme Court of India had said, “We won’t allow you to destroy someone’s reputation. Merely because someone is related to a politician, you cannot call him a sinner”.
It is clear that the entire episode is being propagated as a political agenda for obvious reasons which cannot be considered either fair or proper, Surjewala said in a statement released by the Congress.
“I want to remind leaders of BJP and friends of the media as to how none less than the current Prime Minister (the then Chief Minister) — Narendra Modi had removed the mike and walked out of a pre-fixed interview with leading journalist – Karan Thapar who questioned him about Gujarat riots,”  Randeep Singh said.
He also mentioned the “shoddy treatment” meted out by Modi to two senior journalists when they had similarly questioned him about his role in Gujarat Riots.
On numerous occasions, fringe elements affiliated to BJP-RSS-Shiv Sena have attacked news media offices in Delhi and Mumbai without any reason or provocation, he said.

Kerala: At least 50 taken into custody for organising kiss oflovePrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Kochi | Posted: November 2, 2014 6:01 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 8:16 am
Chaos and tension prevailed in Kochi for two hours on Sunday evening after police took into custody 50-odd men and women who came to participate in ‘kiss of love’ in a protest against moral policing.
The agitators managed a few kisses in public, but a celebration of lips and cheeks was spoiled by right-wing Hindu and Muslim organizations, whose activists turned violent against the protest. Police had chased away the people _ comprising aspiring kiss groups, conservative protesters and curious onlookers_ as the situation took a violent turn.
Although arrested and removed, a section of participants in the kiss carnival managed to engage their lips inside the police van and later at the police station. They were arrested on charges of unlawful assembly and disturbing peace at public place, but were released on bail.
The kiss of love was floated in social media by a group of youngsters known as free thinkers, in protest against Bharathiya Yuva Morcha attack on a hotel in Kozhikode last week, alleging immoral activities. The attack followed after Congress-run TV channel telecast news about the immoral activities, showing kissing incidents. This video and attack triggered protest in social media in a manner evolving into a protest by organizing kiss of love.
Police had earlier denied permission for conducting the kiss of love, a public kissing spree, and warned that they would act tough if the incident created any law and problem. Several Hindu and Muslim organizations had come out against the kiss of love.
Shiva Sena activists came in large numbers, and raised slogans that the event was part of love jihad. In several parts of Kochi, Shiva Sena erected postures saying that kiss of love agitation was a new form of love jihad. Besides, it would create sexual anarchy in Kerala.
Others on the Hindu side were activists of Yuva Morcha, ABVP and Bajrang Dal, while Muslim side had activists of conservative Sunni youth outfit SYS and rightwing Muslim political party Social Democratic Party of India. Activists of Hindu and Muslim organizations were moving at marine drive protesting in small groups, howling at young men and women who looked as participants of the kiss of love.
Although the event was planned in the Marine Drive at 5 pm, thousands of people had occupied the ground expecting to witness the kissing festival. As the anti-kiss event groups moved to the ground raising slogans, organisers moved to a nearby college ground to conduct the programme. A few of them kissed each other, but soon they were taken into police custody.
In the meantime, Shiva Sena men attacked the youths who came to pledge support for the programme. After 50-odd organisers were taken into custody, another small group came to the ground and kissed publically, inviting the wrath of Shiva Sena /Yova Morcha activists. At this stage, police resorted to lathi-charge the crowd to avoid clashes.
The event had invited an avalanche continued…

Unauthorised disclosure on black money can sabotage probe: ArunJaitleyPrint
Jaitley said that the unauthorised disclosure is fraught with investigation and economic consequences.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 6:32 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 6:48 pm
Lashing out at those, including the Congress party, who want the government to make names of black money holders public, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Sunday said that unauthorised disclosure of such names can sabotage investigation and benefit the guilty.
“An unauthorised disclosure of information is fraught with both investigation and economic consequences. They can sabotage the investigation. They can attract sanctions in the form of withholding taxes,” he said in a Facebook post on a day when Prime Minister Narendra Modi asserted that all efforts would be made to bring back black money stashed abroad.
Questioning those demanding disclosure of names in violation of tax treaties, Jaitley said: “The Congress Party’s stand is understandable. It does not want evidence to be forthcoming in support of the names available with SIT . Are some others ill-informed, just indulging in bravado or are they Trojan horses?”
The Minister exuded confidence that the Special Investigation Team (SIT), which has been entrusted by the Supreme Court with the investigation, will succeed in bringing out the truth and the NDA government made available all the names in its possession to the SIT on 27th June, 2014 itself.
“The NDA Government has had an exemplary record in this matter… It will continue to support the SIT fully and unequivocally in search of truth,” Jaitley said.
The choice before the government was between unauthorised disclosure and disclosure as per treaties, he said, adding that the latter is both a fair and beneficial proposition.
“It will help in the collection of evidence and exposure of a wrong-doing in accordance with law and fair procedure. A disclosure without evidence would ensure that evidence is never available,” he added.
Earlier in his address to the nation over radio, Modi said that bringing back black money from outside the country is an “article of faith” for him and nothing will be lacking in his efforts to do so.
Last week the government had submitted to the Supreme Court in sealed envelopes details of 627 account holders in HSBC Bank Geneva.
The government also came under attack from opposition parties that it was going back on its election promise to unearth and bring back black money stashed abroad.
Jaitley said disclosure of names in violation of tax treaties will help account holders as the reciprocating state could refuse to provide any evidence in support of the unauthorised account.
“The holder of the unauthorised account in the absence of any proof and confirmation from the reciprocating State would get the benefit in any investigation or continued…

Xiaomi continues to reign supreme in Chinese...Xiaomi continues to reign supreme in Chinese market
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 10.57PM IST
Tags:
China
(Xiaomi secured 30.3 per…)
BEIJING: Chinese smartphone manufacturer Xiaomi continued to dominate the country's smart phone market as two of the company's models topped the sales charts in the third quarter.
The company secured 30.3 per cent of the market share in China, followed by Samsung with an 18.4 per cent share in three months ending September, UK-based market research company Kantar Worldpanel Comtech said yesterday.
Xiaomi shipped 18 million units of smartphones in the third quarter, an increase of 18 per cent from the previous quarter, the company's founder and CEO Lei Jun recently posted on his Sina Weibo microblog, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
For the first nine months, Xiaomi, whose name translates into the grain "millet", shipped a total of 44 million units, he said.
The company's Red Rice 1S and Rice Note models have topped the sales charts in China during the third quarter.
The company was founded in April 2010 by Lei and his friends in Zhongguancun, Beijing's technology hub, dubbed as China's Silicon Valley.
Earlier another global market researcher International Data Corporation (IDC) said in a report that Xiaomi jumped into the top 5 manufacturers list for the first time thanks to its focus on China and adjacent markets, which resulted in triple-digit year-over-year growth.
In the third quarter of this year, Xiaomi's global market share stood at 5.3 per cent, following Samsung's 23.8 per cent and Apple's 12 per cent, according to IDC. The key to Xiaomi's success was the launch of its Mi4 smartphone in August, which was positioned as a high-end alternative to the status quo, it said.
"What remains to be seen is how quickly the company can move beyond its home territories to drive volumes higher," the report said.
Earlier the company was in news for migrating data of its non-Chinese customers from its servers in Beijing to Amazon AWS data centres.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Commerce Ministry Looking Into Merit of Case in Cipla-Novartis Patent Row: ReportCommerce Ministry Looking Into Merit of Case in Cipla-Novartis Patent Row: Report
India Lab Expo to be held at Hyderabad onNov 6-8India Lab Expo to be held at Hyderabad on Nov 6-8
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 2:  
India Lab Expo, a major exhibition in South East Asia for laboratory, analytical, biotechnology, material testing and laboratory consumable products, will be held in Hyderabad during November 6-8.
The expo is expected to host over 300 companies. The exhibition and concurrent conference aim to bring suppliers and buyers on a common platform and provide an opportunity to connect with global leaders, learn about cutting edge technology, hear about vital research and appreciate the changes the industry is going to witness in near future.
C. Ravindranath, Vice President, Indian Analytical Instruments Association, in a statement said the Analytical and Instrumentation Industry is projected to grow at the CAGR of 11 per cent in India and its growth is important for pharmaceutical industry to flourish.
The expo, supported by analytica Anacon India, is hosted at the Hitex Exhibition Centre, Hyderabad. The seminar on laboratory and analytical instrumentation and pharmaceuticals is running concurrently with the show.
India Lab Expo will be held under the roof of Messe Muenchen International. In 2015, India Lab Expo and analytica Anacon India will be held at the same time as one another.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

PKK talks enter perilous phaseNovember 2, 2014 11:39 am
Ankara’s talks with Abdullah Ocalan enter perilous phase
Daniel Dombey in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a80742f0-6275-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

48 killed in suicide blast at Wagah border in PakistanDeath toll in Pakistan suicide attack at Wagah Border rises to 61
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 12.23PM IST
Tags:
Lahore
(Nearly 50 people, including…)
LAHORE: The death toll in the horrific suicide attack that shook Pakistan minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah climbed to 61 today, even as security agencies arrested about 20 suspects from the Indo-Pak border area.
Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among the 61 people who have died in the attack that took place yesterday when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah.
Over 100 people were injured in the incident and are being treated in different Lahore's hospitals where emergency has been declared.
The blast took place when a large number of people were returning after attending the flag lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pak land border crossing, which is heavily guarded by the Punjab Rangers.
A young suicide-bomber blew himself up near the main exit gate of Parade Avenue at 6.03 pm (local time), causing colossal devastation.
"The death toll of the devastating suicide attack at Wagah border has risen to 61. The condition of some injured is still critical and the doctors are battling to save their lives," Punjab Emergency Services Rescue spokesman Jam Sajjad told PTI.
About 43 bodies have been handed over to the families while the remaining are yet to be recognised, Sajjad said.
"We have sought the help of the National Registration Database Authority (Nadra) for recognition of 18 bodies," he said.
The law enforcement agencies have launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah and taken about 20 suspects into custody, Lahore police spokesman Niyab Haider Naqvi said.
"A joint investigation team of police, rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and rangers along with police will provide security to Ashura processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday's attack," he said.
Punjab Interior Minister Col (Retd) Shujah Khanzada said the target of the suicide bomber was the venue of the flag hoisting ceremony.
"The suicide-bomber wanted to reach the Parade Avenue to cause maximum devastation but he blew himself up near the entrance of the main gate after failing to reach the Parade Avenue," he said.
At least three militant factions have claimed the grizzly bombing. Al-Qaeda affiliated militant group Jandullah, a splinter group of the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), was first to claim responsibility of the attack.
Shortly afterwards Jamaatul Ahrar said its bomber Hafiz Hanifullah carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
According to a preliminary investigation report submitted to the Inspector General Police Punjab, Mushtaq Ahmed Sukhera, the suicide-bomber, believed to be in his early 20s, had been staying in the Wagah border area since many days.
"It is also suspected that the handlers of the suicide-bomber were also present near the blast site to ensure the execution of their plan," the report says.
At least 15 to 20 kilogrammes of explosives were used in the blast with some of the explosives in the attacker's suicide jacket and the remaining being carried by him.
The blown-up parts of the bomber have been collected and sent for DNA and forensic tests.
Meanwhile, Jammat-ud-Dawah's subsidiary Falah-e-Insaniat shifted nine dead bodies to its headquarters at Chauburji and one of its leaders led the funeral prayers for the deceased before handing over the bodies to the families.
"We have allowed the Falah-e-Insaniat to take the bodies of nine victims to Jamia Masjid Al-Qadsia Chauburji on the request of their families as they wanted to offer their funeral prayers there," Lahore's Mayo Hospital official Maqbool Ahmed said.
Punjab Law Minister Mujtaba Shujaur Rehman has termed the suicide blast a "security lapse".
"Carrying out a suicide blast at the Rangers headquarters is definitely a security lapse and very much alarming," he said, adding that the investigation agencies would have to look into how the suicide bomber managed to cross the security tiers and reached near the main entrance of the Parade Avenue.
A warning had been issued to the security agencies five days ago that "suicide bombers might target their buildings," an official of the home department told PTI.
"It seems all the focus of security has been shifted to protect Muharram processions and Wagah border became a soft target of the terrorists," he said.
An intelligence report had mentioned anti-Shia banned outfits -- Tahrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) and Lashkar-e- Jhangvi - might target Shia processions, important personalities and buildings of security agencies.
There would be no flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah for the general public for three days, a Punjab Rangers spokesman said.
"The decision has been taken to mourn the killings of the Sundays attack," he said, adding that India's BSF also told the rangers that it would also not invite the public for the ceremony for three days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why World Bank is facing a crisis of confide...Why the World Bank is facing a crisis of confidence and what it means for India
Seema Sirohi Nov 2, 2014, 11.32AM IST
Tags:
(It's a searing lesson for…)
Because something is happening here But you don't know what it is, Do you, Mister Jones?
The lines from Bob Dylan's Ballad of a Thin Man, a furious inquisition of a philistine who enters a world he doesn't understand, aptly describe recent events at the World Bank where an "outsider" president, trying to restructure the largest development institution, is faced with fierce questioning on his ideas and methods.
Reorganizing a behemoth of 10,000 employees is no easy task but critics say that President Jim Yong Kim, a physician and anthropologist by training, has gone about his plan to slash $400 million with the delicacy of a hammer, not a scalpel. Anxiety among staff members is high, the morale low and uncertainty reigns.
It's a searing lesson for the BRICS countries as they go about setting up their development bank. The history of of the World Bank and its presidents could be a textbook on how not to be.
President Kim, a Korean American, is caught in a fullfledged culture war — development experts resent his topdown approach, insiders bristle at the outsider's arrogance, sensitized employees question his "dismissive" manner and watchdogs are appalled at his top dogs pocketing hefty bonuses while others get "nickeled and dimed".
The primary charges against Kim: a lack of transparency in the restructuring process, not releasing the budget for projects in time, creating a more centralized decision-making process while promising the opposite, selecting "yes men" of questionable expertise for top positions in newly created silos while firing well-respected managers and finally, losing sight of the clients which are the 188 member countries — for whom the Bank presumably exists.
Secondary charges: a general cluelessness, a proclivity towards control and an over reliance on outside consultants like McKinsey, Deloitte and Booz Allen. Their bill: $12.5 million.
The immediate cause for the open revolt earlier this month, which resulted in "work stoppages" and silent assemblies, was news that Bertrand Badre, the Bank's chief financial officer (CFO), had got an ostentatious bonus in the middle of cost cutting. The explosive information was meticulously dug out and collated by Fabrice Houdart, a young country director whose fearlessness has won him many fans.
Badre received a "scarce skills premium" of $189,000 over two years in addition to his annual salary of $379,000. More egregiously, the bonus came in fiscal year 2014 when the Bank took a financial hit of $203 million on bonds it owned in an Austrian bank that went under. "The decision is inexplicable in a year when the bank put zero money in reserves," said a source in the Bank's governing board of directors.
The Staff Association, experts and data crunchers, asked on September 25: "At a time of employment insecurity, staff downsizing and belt-tightening, we are mystified as to how president Kim and his senior management could be so blind to the optics."
A Sense of Fear
Now Houdart, the whistleblower, is apparently under investigation despite Kim's explicit promises that there would be no retaliation against those who spoke up. A three-man team went to Houdart's office on October 14 and removed the memory disk from his scanner without an explanation. The timing of the operation has led to questions about motives and created a sense of fear. "We have no comment," said the Bank's official spokesman David Theis.
"I have been placed under investigation...( but) let us not let ourselves be intimidated," Houdart wrote on the Bank's internal blog, a copy of which was obtained by ET Magazine. He is ostensibly being targeted for an alleged leak five months ago of an internal draft document on the Bank's new environmental and social safety standards. The document showed the Bank's intention to dilute those standards. Houdart said he had "no access" to the confidential document as a senior country officer.
Meanwhile, other bits of malodorous information about the creamy layer continue to trickle out — how Badre flew to Paris for D-Day celebrations on the Bank's dime, how he teaches a class in Paris and gets compensated. Theis said Badre's trips to Paris follow the Bank's "operational travel policies" and the ethics department had cleared his "small stipend" from the Paris institute.
But Caesar's wife must be above suspicion, as they say. Paul Cadario, a former senior manager of the Bank, says the continuous trickle of negative stories are symptoms of "a spreading lack of trust in leadership and in the example they set, which is far more damaging to the health and effectiveness of any organization, particularly one with goals as noble and important as the Bank's". Cadario, who retired in 2012 after 37 years at the Bank, is unimpressed with the way Kim has handled the process.

Govt notifies 33% gas price hike; CNG price rises sharplyHi Guest
Govt notifies 33% gas price hike; CNG price rises sharply
The government has notified a 33 per cent hike in natural gas prices, which have led to steep increase in CNG rates in states like Maharashtra and Gujarat. The Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas on Friday issued a notification for implementation of new pricing guidelines for all domestically produced natural gas effective from November 1. "The gas price, determined, under these guidelines would be applicable to all gas produced from nomination fields given to ONGC and Oil India, New ...

Gujarat Industries Petition Oil Minister Against GAILGujarat Industries Petition Oil Minister Against GAIL
Joel Achenbach  Drew Harwell and Mark BermanThe president wants to increase discretionary spending for the Department of Education by $1.3 billion to $68.6 billion.
Mar 4, 2014
Load More
About
Lyndsey Layton has been covering national education since 2011, writing about everything from parent trigger laws to poverty’s impact on education to the shifting politics of school reform. Lyndsey came to the Post in 1998 and has roamed widely, covering food safety and chemical policy, Congress, transportation and the U.S. invasion of Iraq. But none of that compares to the fun of interviewing 8-year-olds. She lives in D.C. with her husband and their daughter.
Most Read

BJP acting on lines of Congress on black money issue: AAPBJP acting on lines of Congress on black money issue: AAP
52 killed  200 hurt in suicide attack at Wagah border in Pak52 killed  200 hurt in suicide attack at Wagah border in Pak
Rahane  Dhawan strike tons in India s dominating winRahane  Dhawan strike tons in India s dominating win
India beat Sri Lanka in 1st ODIIndia beat Sri Lanka in 1st ODI
European banks: the more things change© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/30b04f20-6104-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Black money case: It s an economic problem  keep politics out of itprint
Anecdotes about the proliferation of black money in India abound. The middle-aged woman you spot at a south Delhi luxury mall paying for her uber designer purchases with a wad of cash fatter than you could have imagined; or the Mercedes dealer who tells you how when the German luxury car was first launched in India in the mid-1990s, two men drove up to his showroom in a Contessa, produced suitcases of cash from its trunk and demanded that he sell them two Mercs right away.
Then, there are instances that aren't so anecdotal. Like the time you wanted to buy an apartment in your city and quickly learnt that you'd have to pay 50-60% of the price in cash that would not be accounted for; or found out that the way most people buy gold is with cash and don't get a receipt of any sort for the transaction.
While the current obsession with black money is about the accounts in Swiss and other no-questions-asked sort of banks in Europe, the fact is that the money stashed away abroad by Indians is just a sliver of the black money that swirls round within India's boundaries. Black money is income that is not disclosed to the government and, therefore, not assessed for tax, and although there is no official fix on how much of it is there, unofficial estimates say it could be as much as $500 billion or Rs. 31 lakh crore (nearly 30% of India's $1.8-trillion GDP).
If that sum was disclosed and taxed at a rate of 30%, it would yield additional revenue of Rs. 9 lakh crore. That's enough money to build 180,000 km of national expressways; or, enough money to build 626 state-of-the-art 2,000-bed super speciality hospitals - one for each of India's districts; or, enough money to declare a zero tax year for all individuals and firms and yet enable the government to meet all its expenses; or, enough money to make direct transfers in cash to the poorest 405 million households and lift them out of abject poverty.
For now, such grandiose spending plans will have to remain in our dreams. Black money is not going away any time soon. About half of India's black money transactions are in real estate deals; a fourth in manufacturing activity; and the remaining in deals involving gold, silver and luxury products, including cars. Some of the unaccounted money finds its way into foreign banks; some of it goes out through the underground banking system known as hawala; and some of it round-trips back (via tax havens) into the Indian economy as 'legitimate' investment in the stock-market or even in industry.
Black money, including what tax evaders stash away in foreign banks, is not a political problem. It's an economic one. India's income tax base is tiny. Of the 720 million working population, only 34 million pay income tax; and in agriculture, income is exempt from tax. The incentives and the ability to get people to pay income tax in the unorganised sector are limited; and, for many services, unrecorded cash transactions for are de rigueur. For companies, the tax structure has so many layers that although the corporation tax rate is 30%, once other taxes (such as CST, dividend tax, property tax and VAT) are added, they end up paying more than 60% of profit as tax. That can be a good incentive for companies to evade taxes.
Rooting out black money will be tough for any government. Widening the tax base and lowering the rates will help but there would be political and social risks. Routing all transactions through the banking system can help take cash deals out of the system but in an economy like India's it won't be easy. The real stumbling block could be elsewhere. India's elections are the biggest perpetrators of black money as large amounts of cash from industry fund them. Reforms to have state funding for elections have been debated by governments of every stripe but, for obvious reasons, nothing has happened.
(sanjoy.narayan@hindustantimes.com)

Row over Digvijayas Rahul remarkNew Delhi, November 1, 2014
Updated: November 2, 2014 09:45 IST
Row over Digvijaya’s Rahul remark
Special Correspondent
Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh stirred up a hornet's nest by declaring that the time has come for AICC vice-president Rahul Gandhi to take over the reins of the party. File photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
national politics
The Congress was, however, quick to distance itself from his statement saying it was his "personal view."
Controversy erupted after Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh suggested on Saturday that party vice-president Rahul Gandhi take over as party chief from his mother, Sonia Gandhi.
The party officially sought to play down Mr. Singh’s suggestion as a personal view. “It’s a general feeling of party workers that the Congress has always encouraged younger people to lead it. Therefore, I think the time has come when Rahul should take charge,”he had said.
Party spokesperson and former Minister Anand Sharma said Sonia was a source of great inspiration for the party. “Rahul Gandhi is also an inspiration and future of the party,” he added.

Delhi: Man murders tenant for raping daughterA man strangled his 45-year-old tenant to death on Friday night for allegedly raping his minor daughter two months ago. The incident was reported from North East Delhi’s Khajuri Khas area.
The accused later turned himself in to the police at 4 am on Saturday.
According to the police, while the accused has confessed to the crime, he has alleged that the victim had raped his daughter two months ago.
“The accused has claimed that he killed the man as he had raped his 14-year-old daughter earlier. The rape had come to the notice only a week ago when the minor was found to be pregnant,” said a police officer.
As per the initial statement of the accused, he could not confront his tenant immediately after the pregnancy came to light as he was away in his hometown.
“The man made his daughter go through an abortion and confronted his tenant on Friday night he returned from his hometown,” the official added.
The accused and the victim first indulged in a scuffle that turned ugly.
The police registered a case of murder and launched investigations into the matter.
“The accused walked into the police station and confessed to the murder of his tenant. We have registered a case of murder and are investigating the matter,” said DCP (north-east), RA Sanjeev.
The accused has alleged that they had not registered a case against the deceased in order to save the family’s name from being tarnished.

Kerala:  Kiss of Love  campaign meets wall of cops and protesters; fizzles outComments
The much-hyped ‘kiss of love’ campaign to protest against growing moral policing has fizzled out after the police rounded up 50-odd activists who were planning to march towards Marine Drive, the venue of the event. The police detained the organisers and sympathisers, including women, even before they could reach the venue of the symbolic protest against moral policing.
A girl kisses a boy as a support to 'Kiss of Love' protest rally, in Kochi on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
Just as the march began at around 4pm, the police team led by DCP (Law and Order), R Nishantini, took the organisers and sympathisers into custody and bundled them into a police van as they raised slogans against moral policing.
Though the organisers had claimed that 5,000 activists would take part in the event many pro-kiss activists backed out at the eleventh hour fearing violence. Since morning many anti-kiss drive activists had swarmed Marine Drive and assembled at vantage points insisting that they won’t allow the event come what may.
The police resorted to a mild lathi-charge to disperse the crowd that attacked two motor-cyle borne pro-kiss activists.  At least eight protesters and media personnel were injured in the ensuing scuffle. Traffic was disrupted for more than two hours.
Despite the police arresting them minutes before their march to the venue, pro-kiss activists claimed that their campaign was a run-away hit. “We succeeded in sending a strong message throughout the country that moral policing is worse than voyeurism. We got unprecedented support from many quarters. It is a strong warning to moral police,” said N Nandini, one of the activists.
Earlier, protesters on Sunday blocked roads leading to Kochi’s Marine Drive, the venue for ‘Kiss of Love’ — a mass-kissing campaign against alleged moral policing by right-wing groups.
The port city remained tense with suspected members of the Shiv Sena, Samastha Sunni Students Federation and other activist groups saying they would not let the event take place.
Around 1,000 policemen were deployed to prevent any untoward incident as those supporting the drive planned to march to the venue by 5:00pm.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised recently by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
A day after the Kerala high court refused to intervene, the organisers said on Sunday they would go ahead with the protest, even as they were yet to get permission from the police.
Though the police had denied permission for the event, they said they would only intervene if it created a law and order problem.
Stressing that it was "not a kiss fest" but a gathering of like-minded people to raise awareness against moral policing, the organisers said they would next focus on creating awareness about the deadly AIDS.
'Free Thinkers', a Facebook group organising the programme, expected about 700-1000 people would participate.
"There is no question of backtracking. The protest will be held as scheduled at 5pm at the venue with participants holding placards," Rahul Pasupalan, IT professional and short film maker and Jijo Kuriakose, a researcher and members of 'Free Thinkers' had told reporters earlier in the day.
On Saturday, the organisers had received a shot in the arm with the Kerala high court refusing to interfere with the event after the state government assured action would be taken in the event of any illegal activities. Two petitions seeking to prohibit the event was disposed by the court recording the government's submission.
"This is not a kiss fest. It is a gathering of like minded people to protest against moral policing. We are independent thinkers and this is a gathering of the Facebook users," they said, adding young and old couple, parents and youngsters were all welcome to participate in the event, which is a platform to protest against moral policing.
Pasupalan said though they approached police four days back with a request for permission to conduct the event, they were yet to receive any intimation allowing or denying permission.
Pointing out that kissing and hugging was only a form of agitation they had chosen to raise awareness against moral policing, Rahul said it was precisely due to the novel form of protest they had adopted that so much heat had been generated.
"Isn't everyone talking about the event?" he asked.
"Because we selected this form of protest, everyone is discussing it. We want to create an awareness against moral policing," they said.
Jijo Kuriakose said the group would next focus their attention on creating awareness about the deadly AIDS.
Interestingly parallel to the ‘kiss fest’ a slew of other protests are expected to take place near the venue. Leading Malayalam literary critic M Leelavathy and Kochi Mayor Tony Chammany are among the main participants expected to join a parallel protest event being organized by the Kerala Students’ Union, student wing of the Congress.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised last week by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
The attack came after a news channel owned by a political party carried a report on October 23 with visuals of “immoral activities” allegedly taking place at the establishment, showing young couples kissing and embracing.
(With PTI inputs)

Six Left parties agree to work togetherSix Left parties agree to work together
Our Bureau
To hold week-long protest next month against Modi govt
New Delhi, November 2:  
Ending decades-long differences, the four main Left parties have decided to include the Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist)-Liberation and Socialist Unity Centre of India (Communist) in their activities at the Centre. This is possibly because of the rapidly declining strength of the Left in the recent past.
At a meeting here on Saturday, the parties decided to work together on nine key issues. They have also decided to hold a week-long protest from December 8 to 14 against the policies of the Narendra Modi Government.
The nine key issues include the alleged steps to curtail and dilute the MNREGA, price rise in essential commodities and medicines and drugs, FDI in insurance, black money, infiltration of the RSS in education, public broadcasting media and other institutions of the State, “love jihad” hate campaign and other forms of communal propaganda, attacks on minorities, and violence against women and Dalits.
The parties said in a joint statement that with the advent of the Modi Government, there has been a “concerted rightwing offensive fuelled by corporate-Hindutva forces.” The imposition of neo-liberal policies have increased and it has adversely impacted the livelihoods of people, they claimed.
“There is no respite for people from price rise, unemployment and corruption,” said the statement.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

It is important for Delhi to have elected govt.  says Sheila DikshitIt is important for Delhi to have elected govt.  says Sheila Dikshit
Kerala: At least 50 taken into custody for organising kiss of lovePrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Kochi | Posted: November 2, 2014 6:01 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 8:16 am
Chaos and tension prevailed in Kochi for two hours on Sunday evening after police took into custody 50-odd men and women who came to participate in ‘kiss of love’ in a protest against moral policing.
The agitators managed a few kisses in public, but a celebration of lips and cheeks was spoiled by right-wing Hindu and Muslim organizations, whose activists turned violent against the protest. Police had chased away the people _ comprising aspiring kiss groups, conservative protesters and curious onlookers_ as the situation took a violent turn.
Although arrested and removed, a section of participants in the kiss carnival managed to engage their lips inside the police van and later at the police station. They were arrested on charges of unlawful assembly and disturbing peace at public place, but were released on bail.
The kiss of love was floated in social media by a group of youngsters known as free thinkers, in protest against Bharathiya Yuva Morcha attack on a hotel in Kozhikode last week, alleging immoral activities. The attack followed after Congress-run TV channel telecast news about the immoral activities, showing kissing incidents. This video and attack triggered protest in social media in a manner evolving into a protest by organizing kiss of love.
Police had earlier denied permission for conducting the kiss of love, a public kissing spree, and warned that they would act tough if the incident created any law and problem. Several Hindu and Muslim organizations had come out against the kiss of love.
Shiva Sena activists came in large numbers, and raised slogans that the event was part of love jihad. In several parts of Kochi, Shiva Sena erected postures saying that kiss of love agitation was a new form of love jihad. Besides, it would create sexual anarchy in Kerala.
Others on the Hindu side were activists of Yuva Morcha, ABVP and Bajrang Dal, while Muslim side had activists of conservative Sunni youth outfit SYS and rightwing Muslim political party Social Democratic Party of India. Activists of Hindu and Muslim organizations were moving at marine drive protesting in small groups, howling at young men and women who looked as participants of the kiss of love.
Although the event was planned in the Marine Drive at 5 pm, thousands of people had occupied the ground expecting to witness the kissing festival. As the anti-kiss event groups moved to the ground raising slogans, organisers moved to a nearby college ground to conduct the programme. A few of them kissed each other, but soon they were taken into police custody.
In the meantime, Shiva Sena men attacked the youths who came to pledge support for the programme. After 50-odd organisers were taken into custody, another small group came to the ground and kissed publically, inviting the wrath of Shiva Sena /Yova Morcha activists. At this stage, police resorted to lathi-charge the crowd to avoid clashes.
The event had invited an avalanche continued…

No deal with NCP  the corrupt will not be sparedAdarsh Housing Society
(CM Fadnavis, who has retained…)
MUMBAI: Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today said there was no "deal" with NCP in return for its unconditional support to his minority government, and asserted that anybody who is guilty of corruption would go to jail.
Fadnavis, who has retained the home portfolio, also said that he proposed to do away with the need for sanction to probe the corruption cases.
"Why should any sanction be necessary? We would make a framework...where preliminary inquiry is done and there is a prima facie evidence, no sanction should be taken. We would change the law," Fadnavis told reporters here today.
"There is no need for discretion (for initiating a probe) for corruption cases. When you find certain prima facie evidence, why should you stop?" he said, when asked about whether he would allow the anti-corruption bureau to conduct inquiry against NCP leaders Ajit Pawar and Sunil Tatkare in connection with alleged scams in the irrigation sector.
"I will do away with mandatory government sanction to probe elected representatives, bureaucrats and police officers in corruption cases," he said.
"There is no deal between BJP and NCP. Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi doesn't strike deals. If someone, even from our own party, is found guilty (of corruption), that person will go to jail," he added.
The then Maharashtra Governor had denied the CBI the sanction to prosecute former Chief Minister Ashok Chavan in the Adarsh Housing Society scam.
When asked if he might end up as another Prithviraj Chavan (who is known for personal integrity but was accused of not acting against the corrupt colleagues), Fadnavis said, "I am not Prithviraj Chavan... I am Devendra Fadnavis. My actions would speak more than my words."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suspected suicide bomber kills 45 on Pakistani-Indian borderSuspected suicide bomber kills 45 on Pakistani-Indian border
BJP  AAP hit out at Robert Vadra  Sonia meets himBJP  AAP hit out at Robert Vadra  Sonia meets him
Core sector growth slows down to 1.9 per cent in SeptemberCore sector growth slows down to 1.9 per cent in September
Our Bureau
Production of crude oil, natural gas, petroleum refinery products, fertilisers fall.
New Delhi, October 31:  
Growth of eight core industries slowed down to 1.9 per cent in September 2014 (year-on-year) as production of crude oil, natural gas, petroleum refinery products and fertilisers declined during the month.
The remaining four sectors - coal, steel, cement and electricity - posted a growth in production during the month, according to an official release.
The eight core industries comprise nearly 38 per cent of the weight of items included in the Index of Industrial Production (IIP). Its cumulative growth during April to September, 2014-15 was 4 per cent.
Production of crude oil declined by 1.1 per cent in September, 2014 over September, 2013. Crude oil production during the first six months of 2014-15, declined by 1.2 per cent compared to the corresponding period of the previous year.
Natural gas production declined 6.2 per cent in September 2014. In the April-September 2014-15 period, natural gas production declined by 5.9 per cent over the corresponding period of previous year.
Petroleum refinery production declined 2.5 per cent in September, 2014 over September, 2013. Its cumulative index during April-September 2014-15 declined by 2.6 per cent over the corresponding period of the previous year.
Fertilizer production declined by 11.6 per cent in September, 2014 over September, 2013. It registered no growth during April-September, 2014-15 over the corresponding period of previous year.
Coal production increased by 7.2 per cent in September, 2014 over September, 2013. In the first half of 2014-15, it posted an increase of 7.2 per cent over corresponding period of previous year.
Electricity generation, which has the greatest weight of 10.32 per cent in the index, increased by 3.8 per cent in September, 2014 over the period of September, 2013. It registered a cumulative growth of 10 per cent during April-September, 2014-15 over the corresponding period of previous year.
Steel production increased by 4 per cent in September, 2014 over September, 2013. Its cumulative index during April to September, 2014-15 increased by 2.3 per cent over the corresponding period of previous year.
Cement production increased by 3.2 per cent in September, 2014 over September, 2013. In April-September, 2014-15, cement production posted a 9.7 per cent growth.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra CM; Uddhav attends swearing-inFadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra CM; Uddhav attends swearing-in
PTI
Devendra Fadnavis
Mumbai, Oct 31:  
Devendra Fadnavis was today sworn in as Chief Minister of Maharashtra where BJP formed its government for the first time without an alliance.
44—year—old Fadnavis was administered the oath of office and secrecy by Governor C Vidyasagar Rao in a grand function at Wankhede Stadium attended, among others, by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, several of his Cabinet colleagues, Chief Ministers of BJP—ruled states and those governed by allies.
Apart from Fadnavis, seven Cabinet Ministers and two Ministers of State also took oath.
Former ally Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, whose party had decided to boycott the event citing “constant humiliation” by BJP during talks for formation of a coalition government, attended after a last minute call by party President Amit Shah, amid indications of a possible rapprochement between the two estranged Hindutva parties.
All eyes were on Modi and Uddhav, who shook hands and exchanged pleasantries.
Cabinet Ministers who were sworn in are Eknath Khadse, Sudhir Mungantiwar, Vinod Tawde, Pankaja Munde, all members of the BJP’s state Core Committee, Prakash Mehta, Chandrakant Patil and Vishnu Savara. The Ministers of State are Dilip Kamble and Vidya Thakur.
Apart from BJP patriarch L K Advani, Union Ministers Nitin Gadkari, M Venkaiah Naidu, Ravishanker Prasad, Prakash Javadekar and Radhamohan Singh, Raman Singh, Manohar Parrikar, Anandiben Patel, Vasundhara Raje, BJP Chief Ministers of Chhattisgarh, Goa, Gujarat and Rajasthan respectively were present.
Among the allies, Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal and N Chandrababu Naidu of Andhra Pradesh also attended the ceremony.
Fadnavis is only the second Brahmin Chief Minister after Shiv Sena’s Manohar Joshi in the state dominated by Maratha politicians.
Fadnavis has become the 27th CM of Maharashtra and the 18th person to hold the post. He is the fourth politician from Vidarbha region to become CM.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Twenty-five years on  remembering the fall of the Berlin WallRemembering the fall of the Berlin Wall
By Tony Barber
When the Wall fell 25 years ago, the bankruptcy of East German communism had long been clear. Yet there was nothing inevitable about the events of November 1989
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/42222fe0-5e9c-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Snooze control: How to design a bedroom to maximise sleep© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/862e43ca-5b60-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The secrets of welding with Autodesk CEO Carl BassWelding with Autodesk CEO Carl Bass
Leslie Hook
The software guru, a prominent figure in the ‘maker movement’, is used to working with bright sparks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3da9c194-5eec-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jancis Robinson: Bears marketOctober 31, 2014 5:05 pm
A bear’s market
Jancis Robinson
Prices in California have stopped heading skywards – good news if, like me, you love the sumptuousness of its top-quality wines
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d1e9ca0-5eeb-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Training rats and tradersTrading places – with a rat
Tim Harford
Financial price data are converted into music, the music is played to a rat, then the rat guesses whether the price will fall or rise
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a0a0062-5eec-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lionel Barber: Remembering Ben BradleeFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Martin Wolf hits the book circuit© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94d4d930-5e7f-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

For Lower Manhattan  a new skyline since 9/11By Jonathan O'Connell October 31 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
At 1,776 feet, One World Trade Center is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere. This is what New York City looks like from way up. (Lee Powell/The Washington Post)
NEW YORK – When the people of this city set out to rebuild the World Trade Center after Sept. 11, they planned to erect a lasting memorial, remake the skyline and restore Lower Manhattan as a financial center.
But when the 104-story One World Trade Center officially opens for business Monday – the tallest and most expensive building in the Western Hemisphere – it will have ushered in a rebirth of lower Manhattan as a vibrant, urban neighborhood where people live, shop and eat, rather than just hustle home from white collar jobs.
While officials and developers battled over final details of the reconstruction in recent years, the neighborhoods around Ground Zero blossomed. Though finance and accounting firms including Deloitte & Touche and Fidelity Investments have not returned in any significant way, hordes of condo buyers arrived, attracted by walkable neighborhoods, chic bars and chef-driven restaurants.
The political battles, lawsuits and disagreements behind the reconstruction of One World Trade Center have been well chronicled over the past decade.
But the way in which the violent attack on New York City 13 years ago ultimately spawned an urban revival is much less appreciated.
The population in the neighborhood tripled . Celebrity chef Tom Colicchio, Keith McNally and Joël Robuchon announced plans to open nearby. And on Monday, one of the standard bearers for posh Manhattan – Condé Nast, purveyor of the New Yorker and Vanity Fair – will move into the tower, occupying 1.2 million of its 3 million square feet.
“The old Lower Manhattan and the old World Trade Center was a typical nine-to-five neighborhood. It was our parents’ or grandparents’ Lower Manhattan,” said Scott H. Rechler, a real estate developer who is vice chairman of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which developed the building. “This is a 24-hour, seven-day-a-week, vibrant business district with a diverse group of tenants and a lot of creative, Millenial-type workers.”
Last week, as workers took down some of the final construction fences from around One World Trade Center and five trucks full of office furniture arrived, the question wasn’t so much how the $3.2 billion project could save downtown New York but whether it could bring it up another level.
A view of One World Trade Center towering above the Lower Manhattan skyline, as seen from across the Hudson River in Jersey City, N.J. (Lee Powell / The Washington Post)
The summer before the attacks, Port Authority officials thought they had largely extracted themselves from the real estate businesses when they agreed to lease the two towers of the previous World Trade Center to private developers for 99 years.
Six weeks later the towers were smoldering rubble, and Lower Manhattan looked like a war zone. The port authority, which lost 84 members of its staff in the attacks, still owned the 16 acres of land on the site.
“It really was this period of breaking it into phases,” Rechler said. “A period of mourning and patriotism and cleaning it up. And then a period of what are we going to do with it. And then, how are we going to do it.”
A year later the developer that had bought the lease, Silverstein Properties, began plotting some 10 million square feet of new offices to replace the twin towers. 
Silverstein’s architects, from Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, remained in place to design One World Trade Center even though another architect, Daniel Libeskind, had been named master architect of the entire complex. 
But the idea that commercial office space should be rebuilt at Ground Zero at all bred early distrust for public officials, said Lee Ielpi, who lost his son, a firefighter, in the attacks and is now board president of an association of victims’ families.
The memories of what happened that day were still so raw. For years, rescue and construction workers continued to find body parts there, each a reminder that the 16-acre site still held the remains of many of the nearly 2,800 people that died there, hundreds of whom were never found.
How could anyone think about building a project there to make money? 
Ultimately, Ielpi said the port authority and the city provided enough space and money for the 9/11 memorial and museum that most families felt at peace with the glass-skinned office building coming out of the ground next door.
“I always felt that we do need to rebuild,” he said. “We do need to have a large memorial but in my eyes not rebuilding something big would in some way show these terrorists that they had succeeded in some way.”
Angled glass fins protrude from stainless steel panels on the 185-foot tall concrete base of One World Trade Center. This base houses mechanical equipment and is designed to protect the building against ground-level explosions. (Lee Powell/TWP)
Still, no one would have moved into the building had they feared the new tower wouldn’t be safer than the old ones. 
After consulting with the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security and local police forces, architects added a 20-story fortress-like base of concrete and steel that contains mostly building systems and few offices. 
The perimeter of the building is comprised of 24 steel columns, each 60 feet long and weighing 70 tons. A concrete core more than a meter thick encases its elevators and stairwells. In all, the building includes 45,000 tons of structural steel and 208,000 cubic yards of concrete, much of it four times stronger than what is typically used in sidewalks. 
“One of the things that was most salient was that it was built at a time when we had to move past the current building codes,” said T.J. Gottesdiener, managing partner of SOM’s New York office. “In this era of safety, fighting fires and evacuating occupants had a different meaning to it.”
Patrick J. Foye, executive director of the port authority, called the building “the most secure office building in America.” The final price tag for redevelopment of Ground Zero, including a transportation center scheduled to open next spring, could reach $20 billion. 
A view to the north of the Empire State Building and midtown Manhattan from the 63rd floor of One World Trade Center. (Lee Powell/TWP)
Not all the financial firms are gone but Fidelity and Deloitte weren’t alone in moving hundreds or thousands of employees out of downtown after the attacks. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and Japanese banking giant Nomura inked moved to Midtown, while the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation and others moved the majority of their employees to Jersey City.
Landlords in the neighborhoods around Ground Zero were largely left to either drop the rents or empty their buildings and convert them to apartment buildings. 
Both strategies introduced new energy. The population of Lower Manhattan has tripled, from 20,000 to 60,000, with thousands of residents living in newly built or renovated condominium towers. Another 2,200 units in 10 buildings are under construction, according to the Alliance for Downtown New York, an association of building owners. Media, advertising and technology companies began snapping up the discounted office space, bringing a more a creative workforce downtown. 
The number of people living in Lower Manhattan has tripled. (Alliance for Downtown New York)
Chuck Townsend, chief executive of Condé Nast, said “there is a great deal of pride” in being the largest renter at One World Trade. He likened the company’s move to its relocation 15 years ago into Times Square, known at the time more for pawn shops than high-end offices. 
About 3,000 employees will work in One World Trade Center, on floors 20 through 44, with the move-in complete by early 2015.
“We pioneered Times Square and I’m telling you it was no jewel at that time,” he said. “In a way it was a much more challenging move than moving into this well-developed, well-cultivated neighborhood where there are beautiful offices and residential buildings and a gorgeous park and a wonderful memorial.”
Even with Condé Nast, One World Trade Center is only about 60 percent leased – a potential cause for concern – but Time Inc., book publisher HarperCollins and Macmillan Science and Education, publisher of Nature and Scientific American, have all made or announced moves downtown recently. Office leasing activity for the first half of the year was 43 percent higher than last year.
“This was an area that was quiet, where people had gone home after around six o’clock. Now this is probably one of the most attractive parts of Manhattan for people to be, and I think companies are recognizing that,” said Foye.
Salons, gyms and restaurants are following suit. Eataly, the Italian food marketplace, plans to open in 4 World Trade Center. “Restaurateurs think, ‘We want to be the lunch room for Condé Nast, so if we don’t have a downtown location we should open one,’” said Jessica Lappin, president of the downtown alliance.
It may take longer for New Yorkers to get used to the change to their skyline than it did for them to adapt to the changing vibe downtown. Blair Kamin, architectural critic for the Chicago Tribune, recently called the building a “bold but flawed giant.”
Ielpi, father of the firefighter who died in the attacks, said he considered the building a “beautiful piece showing our country’s resolve.” 
“We had to bring commerce back to the city. We had to show our strength. This is the center of the universe. So I’m very proud of One World Trade Center, but as soon as we forget why we had to rebuild it we have failed.”
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

The view from One World Trade CenterThe view from One World Trade Center
Your browser does not currently support live streaming video.
- At 1,776 feet, One World Trade Center is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere. This is what New York City looks like from way up. ()
RELATED LINKS
- At 1,776 feet, One World Trade Center is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere. This is what New York City looks like from way up. ()
The view from One World Trade Center (2:46)
Playlist Features

Bangalore rechristened as BengaluruBangalore, Nov 1:  
Shedding the colonial name, Bangalore today became Bengaluru synchronising with the state formation day — ‘Karnataka Rajyotsava’.
In tandem, 11 other cities across Karnataka were also rechristened by the State Government, casting away the anglicised names.
The new names have come into force after the State Government issued a special gazette notification to effect the changes, giving them the distinct local flavour.
Now Bangalore will be called Bengaluru, Mangalore (Mangaluru), Mysore (Mysuru), Bellary (Ballari), Belgaum (Belagavi), Hubli (Hubballi), Tumkur (Tumakuru), Bijapur (Vijayapura), Chikmagalur (Chikkamagaluru), Gulbarga (Kalaburagi), Hospet (Hosapete) and Shimoga (Shivamogga).
In the ninth century, Bangalore was called Bengaval-uru (city of guards). In the 12th century, according to another legend, it became Benda-kaalu-ooru (town of boiled beans).
According to an apocryphal, 12th century Hoysala king Veera Ballala II lost his way during a hunting expedition in a forest. A poor old woman offered him boiled beans to the tired king, who with a sense of gratitude called the place “benda-kaalu-uru’’.
Kempegowda, a feudatory ruler under the erstwhile Vijayanagara Empire, was considered the founder of Bangalore.
He chose Bendakaluru for his capital in early 16th century, which transformed into Bengaluru and in colonial times, and during British rule became Bangalore.
Silicon Valley of India
The city has in recent decades metamorphosed into the country’s IT capital, earning it the Silicon Valley of India tag, as also as Biotech capital, after its earlier forms as a Pensioner’s Paradise and Garden City.
With explosive growth and cracking infrastructure, the city has now earned the notorious distinction as “Garbage City”. Bengaluru is also evolving as a “StartUp City”, incubating the new ventures.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Festive season lights up auto sales in OctHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Festive season lights up auto sales in Oct
S Ronendra Singh
Tweet
New Delhi, November 1:  
Led by festive season offers and new products, most of the automobile companies in October sold better numbers as compared to same month last year.
Car market leader Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL) sold 97,069 units during the month compared with 96,062 units sold in October 2013.
Hyundai Motor India (HMIL) registered 38,010 units during the month, up 5.6 per cent as against 36,002 units in corresponding month last year.
“Hyundai volumes grew with significant increase in sales of additional and replacement buyers propelled by strong demand lead by new models like Elite i20, Xcent coupled with festival buying,” Rakesh Srivastava, Senior Vice President - Sales and Marketing, HMIL said.
He said the company expects this positive momentum would build up further with increase in sales of entry buyers if there is strong promise of improvement in economic and macro factors in rural and urban markets.
Honda Cars India (HCIL) also by 18 per cent year-on-year (YoY) in its domestic sales with 13,242 units in October as compared with 11,214 units in the corresponding month last year.
“We have clocked excellent sales during the year so far where all our products have received tremendous response. Starting November, the Tapukara plant will start operations in the second shift, thereby, ensuring better availability of the Honda City. This will also see full capacity utilisation of Tapukara plant,” Jnaneswar Sen, Senior Vice President – Marketing and Sales, HCIL, said.
However, majority of the companies could not get better numbers during the month including Ford India, General Motors India, Toyota Kirloskar Motor, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Motors and Nissan Motor India.
Ford India sold 6,723 units (versus 9,163 units), GM sold 4,103 units (versus 7,715 units), Nissan sold 4,106 units (versus 4,880) and Toyota sold 12,556 units (versus 13,162 units).
In domestic players, while M&M sold 19,254 units (declining by 16 per cent versus 22,924 units), Tata Motors sold 9,594 units (declining by 12 per cent versus 10,944 units).
In the two-wheeler segment, most of the companies had a positive growth YoY.
Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India sold 3,77,112 units during the month, as compared with 3,75,793 units in October 2013.
While Royal Enfield grew by 47 per cent to 25,510 units during the month (versus 17,306 units), TVS Motor sold 2,04,294 units in October as compared with 1,73,229 units in October 2013.
In the commercial vehicles segment, Volvo Eicher Commercial Vehicles sold 3,052 units in October as compared with 3,001 units in same period last year.
Mahindra and Mahindra sold 14,812 units, down 15 per cent, as against 17,362 units in October 2013. Tata Motors’ commercial vehicle sales were also down by 17 per cent YoY to 27,249 units during October as against 32,793 units in same month last year.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Come closer  work together: PM to SecretariesNarendra Modi and Secretaries in the Central Government in an informal meeting.
New Delhi, Nov 1:  
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that good things are starting to happen and called all the Secretaries in the Central Government to work decisively to build upon the momentum and positive atmosphere generated in the first five months of the new Government.
“We are one team. Let us bring openness in Governance, come closer and work together (Pehle paas paas aaiye; phir saath saath chaliye),”he told Secretaries in an informal meeting on Saturday evening. This was his second meeting with top bureaucrats after June 4.
Urging them to come up with come with good ideas and innovations, he asked all Government departments to pre-pone budget related processes by three months, so that the moment a new financial year begins on April 1st, work could begin as per the provisions of the new Budget in real-time. He also called for shifting Government emphasis from output to outcome.
Assuring them about political interference, he also asked Secretaries to work fearlessly in the interest of the nation. He expressed appreciation for the involvement in various subjects that the Secretaries had exhibited in the course of conversation, and said this augured well for the country.
The Prime Minister suggested that all Secretaries visit the place of their first posting for a couple of days, as this would provide them several new insights on policy-making.
Referring to the Swachhta Abhiyaan, the Prime Minister said that based on feedback he was receiving on social media, attitudes of people were beginning to change, and the entire mission was already becoming people-driven.
He said cleanliness is not about resources but about attitudes. He told Secretaries to study the ideas and suggestions being received on the MyGov platform. He said individuals giving good suggestions need to be identified, and teams can be built in this fashion.
According to a statement by the Prime Minister Office, Secretaries expressed their views on a range of issues in a free and frank manner.
They spoke of the initiatives they had taken over the last five months, and gave suggestions on what could be done in the near future, and beyond.
The meeting was attended by Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu besides National Security Advisor A K Dobhal, Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth, Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister Nripendra Misha and Additional Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister P K Mishra.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

PM vows to bring back every penny of black moneyModi’s Man ki Baat: recovering black money is an article of faith
Shishir Sinha
Tweet
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi (file photo)
People listening to 'Mann ki Baat' addressed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on a radio in Beawar, Rajasthan on Sunday. PTI
Announces 2 schemes for specially-abled students in his 2{+n}{+d} radio address
New Delhi, Nov 2:  
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi has assured the nation to bring back every ‘single penny’ of black money stashed abroad.
“Trust this Pradhan Sewak. For me, this (black money issue) is a matter of article of faith. Every single penny of poor men’s money taken abroad must be brought back. This is my commitment (to you),” Modi said while addressing the nation in his second edition of ‘Man Ki Baat’ on Radio.
These remarks come days after the Government submitted a list of 627 foreign bank account holders before the Supreme Court in the black money case. The Modi-led government has come under flak for talking in the same language which the earlier UPA Government used to do on black money (in that names of back money holders cannot be revealed because of tax treaties).
Modi made it clear that there is no estimate of how much black money is stashed abroad. He also assured the nation that he would leave no stone unturned.
Clean India mission
Talking about Swachhta Abhiyaan (cleanliness mission), he said that unhygienic situations cause sickness and it is the poor who gets affected first.
“Cleanliness helps the poor. It will help him in getting rid of economic misery,” Modi said. This mission was launched on October 2 and it aims to present a clean India on the occasion of 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Scholarship scheme
He announced a special scholarship scheme for specially-abled students, wanting to go for technical education. It has also been decided to give Rs 1 lakh to each of Kendriya Vidyalaya and Central Universities to create necessary infrastructure for specially-abled students.
Khadi sales
Referring to his appeal to buy at least one khadi cloth in his inaugural address, he expressed happiness that sales of Khadi have gone up by 125 per cent.
Stating that he will talk about drug addiction in his next edition of radio broadcast, he appealed to people to share their views in this regard.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Jindal plant land diversion: CBI likely to quiz JayanthiThe Hindu File Photo of former environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan.
TOPICS
inquiry
The Central Bureau of Investigation may examine the former Environment Minister Jayanthi Natarajan in connection with the probe against unknown officials of the Jindal Steel and Power Limited and JSW Steel Limited for alleged diversion of forest land for mining purposes in Jharkhand.
“Since some of the decisions were taken during her tenure, if necessary, we may approach her for clarifications,” said a CBI official.
The agency last month instituted preliminary enquiries (PEs) against unknown officials of the two companies and the Environment Ministry.
The first PE alleges that unknown Ministry officials extended favours to Jindal Steel by facilitating grant of clearance for diversion of 512-hectare Saranda forest land, which is mainly inhabited by wild elephants, between 2007 and 2013. Through another PE, the CBI has initiated a probe into alleged irregularities in the grant of approval to JSW Steel in 2013 for diversion of forest land for mining purposes in Ankua Reserve.

Call the Shahi Imams bluffCall the Shahi Imam’s bluff
Poornima Joshi
Inviting Nawaz Sharif while snubbing Modi is contemptible
October 31, 2014:  
The political stunt being pulled by Syed Ahmed Bukhari, the Imam of the Jama Masjid in Delhi, is as crass in its symbolism as the practice among the Bukharis of bestowing the title of ‘Shahi Imam’ upon themselves and passing it on to their progeny. By not inviting Prime Minister Narendra Modi to the grand investiture ceremony of his 19-year-old son Shaban Bukhari, while simultaneously rolling out the red carpet for Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, the Imam has revealed the extent of his desperation to find relevance in contemporary politics. Like the rest of his political engagements, it is sufficiently offensive and detrimental to the interests of the community he claims to represent.
The Imam has been recognised even by the most reactionary elements among the ostensibly secular parties as a leader whose influence does not extend beyond the boundaries of the mosque he presides over. “I challenge Bukhari to contest mayoral elections from Moradabad. I will retire from politics if he does not forfeit his deposit,” Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan said some time back.
While that can be said about most religious figures politicians like to promote, it is especially true of the Shahi Imam. You could only be as disconnected from reality as Congress President Sonia Gandhi apparently was in the run-up to the 2014 Lok Sabha polls to even consider his support. One doesn’t really need to quote the poll results to assess the value of the Imam’s support.
But that is perhaps what happens when even the revelations of a Sachar Committee do not provoke successive governments to seriously address the abysmal socio-economic conditions of India’s largest minority. Or when the Congress as well as the Left abdicate their political responsibility of countering communal fascism. The fragility of the Congress’s “inclusive and secular” discourse gets exposed when Mrs Gandhi avoids Zakia Jafri, the widow of her party MP Ehsan Jafri, but finds time for the Imam Bukhari.
Insulting the Prime Minister is a despicable gimmick by a man wielding a self-conferred religious title. It should not be elevated to the realm of politics.
(Poornima Joshi is Political Editor)
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Mark Zuckerbergs nation state plansThe new country of Facebook
Hannah Kuchler
The company is preparing the site to deliver services once the province of the nation state – from healthcare to education
Sitting in his home in San Francisco’s Nob Hill, arachnophobe Tim Suzman is watching a virtual spider creep across a virtual table. If he can keep calm, he’ll watch a larger spider and then a larger one, until eventually he can cope with a computerised spider crawling across his hand.
Wearing an Oculus virtual reality headset, Suzman can see the room – and the spiders – in 360 degrees. At first, he was as anxious around virtual spiders as real ones but after weeks of practising, he can now soothe himself even when a live medium-sized spider is busy building a web on his wall. “When I see a spider in real life now, rather than my first reaction being, ‘Ugh, that’s freaky,’ it’s, ‘OK, I’ve been in this situation before and it wasn’t so bad’ – even though my brain is thinking about what happened in virtual reality,” he says.
Silicon Valley Special
The disrupters: 25 to watch
The apps, products and people setting the pace
One day, Suzman may be curing phobias on Facebook, which bought Oculus earlier this year for $2bn . It is the company’s biggest bet on the internet’s long-term future – and its own. But this will not be the Facebook we know. Instead, the vision is for an all-encompassing site where people conduct more and more of their daily activities.
Suzman quit his job two months ago to found a business called Fearless, which he hopes could eventually enable Facebookers using virtual reality to visit their therapists on the site. He imagines a day when stepping into a virtual world would be as common as picking up a smartphone and perhaps even more useful. “The most straightforward way would be to create a virtual room and the two people can be talking as if they are meeting in person,” he says. “A therapist in any country could offer the same service locally to anywhere in the world.”
. . .
Virtual reality is just the most futuristic part of Facebook’s broader plan to transform itself into something much larger than a place to post photos of your food or watch videos of bunnies. Entrepreneurs such as Suzman are lured by its huge audience: Facebook is simply where the people are. The site is on course to become home to more inhabitants than any country in the world, its 1.3 billion-plus users taking it within a whisker of the population of China, the largest nation on the planet.
If Facebook were a country, it would be the second most populous in the world, just behind China
This milestone figure matters to the man who once opined that power in his generation was “moving from countries to companies”. In that statement, he implied that heading up a company such as Facebook could put him on a par with world leaders.
Mark Zuckerberg , Facebook founder and chief executive, was a billionaire in his twenties, but is devoting his thirties to building this new country of Facebook. “The best thing to do now, if you want to change the world, is to start a company. It’s the best model for getting things done and bringing your vision to the world,” Zuckerberg told Kate Losse, an early Facebook employee who became his speech writer and quoted him in her book The Boy Kings: A Journey Into the Heart of the Social Network.
Therapy on Facebook is only the start. The company is preparing the site so it can deliver services virtually that were once the province of the nation state: from healthcare to education. These features may be grafted on to the main site as with apps on pages, or be standalone apps. Just as Facebook citizens currently flick through the news feed and friends’ profiles, and “like” with a click of a button, in the future they could also be clicking to visit doctors in virtual reality on their profiles, take university courses or send dollars to distant relatives via messages.
In the early days of Facebook, a poster reading, “We’re only 1 per cent done”, hung on the company wall. An updated sign might now read, “We’re only 5 per cent done”.
. . .
For a sense of how Facebook is going to change, we can travel from the heights of Nob Hill to council estates across Salford in the north of England, where tenants are using Facebook to pay their rent.
Based on current trading prices of about $80 a share, Facebook is worth about $208bn. That’s more than both Disney ($151bn) and Coca-Cola ($179bn)
Visiting the Facebook page of Salix Homes, the company that manages the estates in the centre of the city, residents can pay using an app embedded there. When the UK government made many people receiving housing benefit responsible for making rent payments directly, Salix turned to where tenants were already spending their time, on Facebook.
In the first few months, more than a third of Salix’s Facebook followers had used the app – mostly via their mobile phones. Facebook has flourished on mobile, where more than half its users are, and few people on the Salford estates have conventional computers. “A lot of people say that they don’t access the internet, but do access Facebook, not perceiving it as the internet as such,” says Salix’s James Allan.
The company is not alone in seeing Facebook as the ultimate place to reach people, an enabler for even very private services. Facebook has the ability to reach the masses wherever they live – because they also live on Facebook. London and San Francisco-based start-ups are working on ways for people to buy stocks, for example, or transfer money across borders on Facebook, and school teachers in the US are returning pupils’ assignments in private Facebook groups to discuss their homework.
. . .
©Getty
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg sharing his vision of the new Facebook in Indonesia last month
Facebook is no longer a social network. Four years ago, Mark Zuckerberg used to rhapsodise that everything was destined to be social. Two years ago, on Facebook’s first earnings call as a public company, he said the word “social” 24 times. But the word has fallen out of favour. On a recent call, he mentioned it just once.
“Social” is too limiting for Zuckerberg’s quest for dominance, too closely associated with much smaller rivals such as Twitter and Snapchat and with the doctrine of “sharing”, which is no longer suitable for everything Facebook wants to become. David Kirkpatrick, author of The Facebook Effect, a book on the company’s rise, points out that healthcare and finance are “naturally very private and closed” and not at all social. “Facebook has big opportunities that it has not even begun to tap in the personal data realm,” he says, adding that Facebook knows who you are better than any government issuer of ID. “If they could reassure on privacy, they could be a natural repository for a gigantic amount of healthcare information.” Facebook’s reachable, sortable mass is what lures companies to do business on the platform and keeps users locked in to using it like a utility – not necessarily its ability to “share” with friends. Its intimate knowledge of the likes and lives of the vast number of people who spend time on the site is becoming far more important than its previous sales pitch of being a social network.
Instead, Zuckerberg has a new, three-pillared mantra that rolls off the tongue of everyone at Facebook just as readily as the “S” word once did. The chief executive described his vision to investors for the first time on an earnings call last year. It starts with “Connecting Everyone”– a mission to make sure every one of the world’s 7.1 billion people can access the internet and, with it, Facebook. At its most outlandish, this means bringing in drone engineers who used to work for a tiny company in Somerset, England, to develop unmanned aircraft in the hope that they can beam down connectivity from the sky. At the duller end, it means contracts with network operators to make its apps free for customers, so that everyone with a feature phone can access a sliver of the information online.
According to a 2014 poll conducted by the Pew Research Center, the average adult user in the US has 338 Facebook friends
However, where the first pillar is ambitious, the second and the third border on the zealous. “Understanding The World” sounds like the goal of a school swot but it really means Facebook categorising all the information on its site – the updates, the likes, the pages – and making its own searchable database of information to rival Google. You can already use Facebook’s “graph search” in some regions to look for “friends who like trail running”. But one day you might use it as a more in-depth function, say, for photos of your colleagues’ cats before 1995 or family members who have made Facebook comments about the war in Iraq. As Zuckerberg explained, it is not simply about day-to-day updates but “building up long-term knowledge about the world and being able to answer questions for you that no other service can”.
The third pillar is the most difficult for current users to picture. Zuckerberg wants Facebook to help “build the knowledge economy”, to become a place where people create jobs, companies and growth and support “a larger economic shift in the world based on information and ideas”. Rather than wasting people’s productive time, it should increase productivity by giving people the tools to educate themselves and an audience for their businesses – in industries such as finance, education and healthcare.
Cory Ondrejka, vice-president of engineering at Facebook, told the Financial Times that Facebook’s mission has always been clear internally and was discussed “every minute since I joined four years ago . . . Mark’s vision for making the world more open and connected is about those three pillars: connect everyone, understand the world and build the knowledge economy using those two facts,” he said.
Zuckerberg indicated what he thinks Facebook could look like in the future when he acquired Oculus back in March. He let his guard down to gush about all the possibilities Oculus could enable without users leaving the house. “Imagine enjoying a courtside seat at a game, studying in a classroom with students and teachers all over the world, consulting with a doctor face-to-face or going shopping in a virtual store,” he said.
Ondrejka, who has recently been working closely with Oculus, thinks Facebook’s foray into virtual reality was also inevitable. “It is the next platform with the ability to share entirely new experiences. Virtual reality was always going to be a part of Facebook’s DNA in the very, very long term,” he says.
. . .
©Bloomberg
Facebook bought Oculus earlier this year
However, this new Facebook – almost a country in its scale – could also be a tricky place to live. Lacking either a constitution or a vote on Facebook’s direction, its citizenry have entered a deal with the site that they are increasingly depending on – without knowing what it will become.
Adi Kamdar, a privacy campaigner at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, warns it could be hard to be a citizen in this “convoluted empire”, especially when Facebook has already lost many users’ trust even as a caretaker of photos and posts. “You start off with a single service that is a social network and build a profile about yourself, your friends, where you live, which you trust will be used in that capacity and maybe even used for ads,” he says. “But then all of a sudden it is synced up with your health information or used to create a payments system. This information you gave to them in one paradigm has expanded exponentially.”
He says consumers could benefit from a single company handling so much – creating “cool products” personalised for their needs – but they should be aware that “the company they are giving their information to now isn’t the company it is going to be a year from now, five years from now, 100 years from now”.
Astra Taylor, the author of The People’s Platform, which criticises large companies for dominating life online, says Facebook could commercialise areas which have previously been advert-free. “Traditionally, the classroom has been about the dissemination of information between a teacher and a student, it wasn’t an entity beholden to advertiser,” she says. “Facebook can’t value communications for their own sake. Whatever is being communicated, they have to wring data out of users.”
. . .
Social is too limiting for Zuckerberg’s quest for dominance
Facebook’s mission stands the most chance of success in emerging markets, where there are fewer incumbents in industries such as finance, education and healthcare with the funds for a fightback.
In the developing world, where institutions and traditional corporate players often have a more feeble footing, Facebook could establish itself as the platform to reach the people. In fact, it is already using its apps to offer basic services, often through its Internet.org arm. Internet.org was founded by Zuckerberg in 2013 with a goal of making the internet 100 times more affordable through partnerships with mobile phone companies, deals with telecoms carriers in emerging markets and futuristic technologies. It is also clear about its role in spreading Facebook, as well as the internet, by whatever means necessary. In Zambia, for example, people can access basic healthcare information such as tips for pregnant mothers for free on an Internet.org app. In India, Facebook broadcasted debates during the national elections to inform voters in the world’s largest democracy.
This quick and easy way to access information which can be hard to come by is obviously attractive to users. If your choice is between sending money by Facebook or a money lender on the corner, or contacting a well-qualified doctor on the other side of the world rather than an under-resourced clinic in your town, it could be an easy decision to make. To some, putting this kind of power in the hands of Facebook is worrying. Evgeny Morozov, the author of To Save Everything, Click Here, warns that Facebook could become a “de facto provider of infrastructure” and services that people used to expect to receive from the state, making it hard to opt out: “As much as I’d like to believe Internet.org is a purely humanitarian mission, I don’t. I think it is a way of capturing an emerging market one way or another. If Facebook doesn’t, then Google will capture them.”
This new Facebook – almost a country in scale – could be a tricky place to live
Taylor warns that, contrary to Facebook’s message of creating opportunity for users in developing economies, it could introduce a new division in the digital landscape. Facebook often strikes deals with telecoms companies to allow access to its app for free, which she argues could give the user a false choice between, for example, learning or receiving healthcare advice on Facebook, or paying for expensive data plans in order to find the information elsewhere online.
In Rwanda, working with the government and edX, the open online learning platform co-founded by Harvard and MIT, Facebook is developing an app with which Rwandan students can participate in free lessons over data connections as slow as 2G. Lou Wang from edX, who has led the partnership, says the company wants to expand the app across the developing world after it unveils it in Rwanda next year. “We’re talking about reaching individuals on their long commute to work,” he says, “to make sure those two hours aren’t wasted . . . allowing them to take advantage of that time and educate themselves, giving them major opportunities that didn’t exist before”.
Taylor says this potential involvement in education might not be welcomed in the west. “A certain privileged population wouldn’t stand for it: it is hard to see where Facebook would fit into the American education system but for those who don’t have other options for internet access it feels like another degree of digital inequality.”
. . .
Facebook might have an almost unique opportunity to remake services across emerging markets because it enjoys a certain Silicon Valley gloss. Technology companies have been celebrated for developing free services that help improve people’s quality of life, even during a global recession where money was tight for most. In this new dotcom boom, start-up fever has spread around the world fuelled by the idea that a simple app can make a fortune. But after the Edward Snowden revelations, accusations of tax evasion and conflicts with the authorities in the European Union, some are beginning to question whether technology companies can do no wrong.
Facebook may indeed improve the world for millions. But could this affection for Silicon Valley and its relentless pursuit of innovation lead us to entrust too much to one gigantic company? “When Facebook does this it is considered entrepreneurship and innovation,” notes Morozov. He invites a comparison with the banking industry. “If Goldman Sachs was creating a series of independent states around the world, I don’t think it would be as unproblematic – because Goldman Sachs cannot lie as effectively as Facebook. No one would ever suspect them of trying to improve the world.”
Hannah Kuchler is the FT’s San Francisco correspondent
Photographs: Getty; Bloomberg

When is it worth having coffee with strangersCan coffee with strangers make you 10 per cent better?
Lucy Kellaway
Great ideas can sometimes come from a chat with the unlikeliest of people
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0553e5aa-5df1-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Space tourism is a high risk strategySpace tourism is a high risk publicity strategy
Jonathan Ford
Many of Sir Richard’s problems centre on the technology
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47eaf188-6279-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi govt to alter India s GDP calculationHi Guest
Modi govt to alter India's GDP calculation
Seeking to present a more realistic picture of the economy, the government will release a new series of national accounts with 2011-12 as base year for computing the economic growth rate. The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) data based on the new series will be released for three consecutive years from 2011-12 in January next year. At present, the GDP is computed on 2004-05 base year. "The new series will better reflect the economy as it would include more sectors. However, it would be difficult to ...

Kochi: Police  right-wingers foil kiss protestMoral ‘guardians’ put an end to PDA event
Kochi, November 2:  
The police and cadres of right-wing organizations late Sunday afternoon foiled the ‘Kiss of Life’ protest organized by the Facebook community ‘Free Thinkers’ against moral policing.
The community had called for a flash-mob-like mass event at the Marine Drive area here to express their opposition to the moral policing incident that took place over a week before at Kozhikode. A group of Yuva Morcha activists had attacked and damaged a restaurant where a young couple had engaged in a kiss. The Yuva Morcha had alleged that PDA (public display of affection) in the café had violated Indian values.
Even as hundreds of onlookers and scores of TV cameras eagerly awaited the 5 p.m. event at the Marine Drive area, the police took a group of Kiss of Life protesters into preventive custody, chased away the right-wing protesters against the protest and scattered the onlookers, thus effectively ending the agitation. Earlier, scores of activists of Shiv Sena and ABVP had arrived at the venue and threatened to stop the Free Thinkers’ protesters at any cost.
They had roughed up some of the people who had arrived at the venue with placards. There were also several youth groups such as those of Democratic Youth Federation of India and Students Federation of India who had come to the venue to offer support to the Free Thinkers’ protest.
The police, who did not refuse permission for the protest, however, had warned that they would intervene if the agitation caused a law-and-order issue. Claiming they feared confrontation between the anti-protest activist and pro-protest groups, the police took several young protesters, including women, into custody and packed them off to police stations.
Activists of some organizations had in the forenoon taken out rallies opposing the protest as they said it was against decency and public morality. But, they had said they would not physically stop the protesters.
The protest had drawn huge curiosity online as well as from across the country because of the novel form of protest and the extensive publicity it received on the internet.
The protest announcement had whipped up intense passions among sections of society. While the majority of people criticized the way the moral police had struck the Kozhikode restaurant, several others feared PDA in a café or public place would hurt Indian value system and traditions.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Tata going places with wi-fi servicesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata going places with wi-fi services
Amrita Nair-Ghaswalla
Anticipates rapid growth with higher smartphone use
Mumbai, November 2:  
Tata Teleservices has been pleasantly surprised by the success of its wi-fi business, which was launched last year. Over the past 12 months, the company has made wi-fi services available in about 1,200 hotspots, and is adding hotspots across airports, hotels, malls, retail chains, fast-food chains and cafes.
According to Sunil Tandon, Tata DoCoMo’s Head of Non-Voice Services, the availability of wi-fi at public places has become an integral part of the consumers’ overall mobile experience, particularly among millennial and post millennial users.
“Wi-fi zones are becoming an increasingly important feature of our public and office spaces. We are at the heart of this evolution,” Tandon told BusinessLine, adding that the intent is to leverage wi-fi significantly.
With its 3G networks in nine circles out of 22, wi-fi complements Tata Teleservices Ltd’s (TTSL) cellular strategy. The company is focusing on the top eight cities: Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Kolkata, Pune and Ahmedabad, which account for almost 70 per cent of data consumption. The company is also anticipating exponential growth of Internet usage on the back of year-on-year doubling of smartphone penetration in India.
TTSL had created the largest indoor wi-fi hotspot in India at the Auto Expo 2014, and the largest outdoor hotspot at one of the stadiums for the Indian Premier League matches. The feat was recognised by the Limca Book of Records and Tata Docomo bagged two national records.
As Tandon pointed out: “For the millennial generation, an experience is not fully consummated unless it can be shared, and this means shared in real time. Millennials are constantly looking to validate and personalise their experiences by sharing, exchanging and commenting, and for large-scale events such as the IPL, wi-fi represents their medium of choice.”
Currently, TTSL offers wi-fi services in five of the top six airports in India, and the target is 12 airports in the near future. TTSL had also partnered the New Delhi Municipal Corporation to provide wi-fi services at Connaught Place in Delhi.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Elangovan takes over as TNCC chiefElangovan takes over as TNCC chief
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Nov 2:  
Senior Congress leader and former Union Minister E V K S Elangovan assumed office as president of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee (TNCC) today at the party headquarters Satyamurthi Bhavan here.
Assuming office for the second time, he assured party workers that “he would take everyone along” and hoped that through “hard work” the golden rule of Congress icon Kamaraj could again be brought back to Tamil Nadu.
Starting his political career as a student Congress leader, he went on to become TNCC general secretary (1998—2000), and then chief of TN state unit during 2000—02 period and later functioned as working president as well.
An articulate leader, he is known for his no-nonsense approach and bold political views. He was Minister of State for Textiles during UPA’s first tenure between 2004 and 2009.
Son of E V K Sampath, a top leader of DMK and later the Congress in Tamil Nadu, he is also the grandson of E V Krishnaswamy, elder brother of reformist leader Thanthai Periyar E V Ramasamy.
Lauding Elangovan, former Union Minister P Chidambaram, who is locked in a turf war with his former cabinet colleague G K Vasan said the state party chief should take decisions after “consulting all functionaries,” an euphemism for the factions in the party.
“The president is common to all (party workers),” he said.
Vasan follower and outgoing president B S Gnanadesikan was present on the occasion, besides several others.
At a time when the exit of Vasan-led faction and revival of Tamil Maanila Congress, (a separate political party) appears imminent, Elangovan has taken over as president.
The new TNCC chief has a tough task of uniting several ambitious factional leaders and strengthening the party ahead of the 2016 Assembly elections.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

LIVE: At least 52 killed  200 injured in bomb blast at Wagah border in PakistanPrint
A woman grieves next to the bodies of victims of the Wagah bomb blast, at a Lahore hospital on Sunday. (Source: AP photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: November 2, 2014 8:04 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 12:48 pm
At least 55 people, including children and security personnel, were killed and 200 injured in a powerful blast set off by a suicide bomber at Wagah in Pakistan on Sunday, minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the Indo-Pak border.
Officials said that it was a suicide attack. The explosion occurred in the parking area of the Wagah border. Pakistani Rangers have cordoned off the blast site.
Al-Qaeda affiliated group Jandullah has claimed responsibility for the attack, according to Express News. TV footage showed shops and nearby buildings destroyed.
 
Terror attack in Pakistan near Wagah Border is shocking. I strongly condemn such a dastardly act of terrorism.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 2, 2014
An emergency has been declared at hospitals in Lahore. “We received 35 bodies including those of women and children and 60 to 70 were wounded,” Deputy Medical Superintendent of Ghurki Hospital near the Wagah border, identified only as Dr Khurram, told TV channels.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has called for a report on the incident.
Wagah is the only road border crossing between Amritsar and Lahore. Huge crowds gather every day at the crossing to watch a “lowering of the flags” ceremony which soldiers from both countries have conducted for decades.
Inspector General, Punjab Police, Mushtaq Sukhera said, the attacker approached the gate as the crowd was vacating the parade area where the flag ceremony is held. “Our teams have confirmed that it was a suicide blast,” he said.
Earlier reports had said it could be a cylinder blast.
The IG said the bomber was stopped at the gate of the parade ground and detonated the bomb right there.
“A large number of people were returning after watching the Rangers parade ceremony when a suicide bomber blew himself up near one of the exit gates,” Sukhera said. He said three Rangers personnel were also among the dead.
“Up to 5 kg of explosive material was used,” Sukhera said.  To a question about security arrangements, he said, “The Rangers had made stringent security measures but it is difficult to check a suicide bomber.”
Imdad Husain, an eyewitness, told reporters that he was returning after watching the parade ceremony when he heard a bang.
“I fell unconscious. When I gained consciousness, there was darkness. Many injured and I cried for help, lying on the road. After 15 minutes, some rescue men shifted me to Ghurki Hospital,” he said.
Samina Bibi was also returning along with her husband and two young children when the blast took place. On the bed of the Ghurki
Hospital, she was crying and asking the doctors about her husband and children. “The doctors were comforting her saying they are alright,” Imdad said.
Punjab Emergency Services Rescue 1122 spokesman Jam Sajjad told PTI the death toll could rise.
Wagah suicide attack. Jandullah claims responsibility. Terms it retaliation to Op. Zarb-e-Azb. Militants v/s women & children. What logic.
— Sana Bucha (@sanabucha) November 2, 2014
“We have shifted about 200 injured to different hospitals of Lahore,” he said. Quoting a senior doctor at Ghurki Hospital, he said the condition of over a dozen was critical.

SC students fee waiver: Dharna enters 10th day  no decision by Punjab government yetPrint
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Faridkot | Posted: November 2, 2014 7:11 pm
Dharna by class 12 students belonging to scheduled caste from Government School Deep Singh Wala has entered its 10th day outside DC office as no word has come from Punjab government regarding fee waiver of students. The dharna was being organised under the banner of Punjab students union(PSU) and they have given a call of November 7 for state-wide protest on fee waiver issue.
District level dharnas will be organised by students and PSU units on November 7, revealed Hardeep Kotla, zonal President of PSU. The students are protesting against the fee being charged by Punjab government from SC students, despite the fact that as per National post-matric scheme, SC students are not supposed to pay any fee.
The fee is normally refunded, but students and even teachers from few schools allege that it takes more than a year, and sometimes even two years to be refunded. The 23 protesting students did not even fill the forms for final exams of class 12. More than four lakh SC students are studying in various schools of Punjab and it is normal practice that students are asked to pay the fee first and are later reimbursed.
“At times when refund comes, students go to college for higher studies, and it becomes difficult to locate the students at that time,” said a government teacher on the condition of anonymity.
Although the deputy commissioner Mohammad Tayaab and even the district education officer had spoken to the students numerous times, they were unsuccessful in persuading the students to end their dharna. Deputy commssioner Mohammad Tayaab while talking to The Indian Express said,” the matter has been taken with the education department and any decision in this context will come from the department. It is a policy matter. Students were asked to fill the examination forms without fee, but they refused to do so. We have informed the authorities about the stand of these students.”
Students meanwhile stated that Government was charging fee and refunding them too late, though the scheme was sponsored by the centre. They also stated that no action was being taken against the institutes which were charging fee from SC students. Meanwhile, The protesting students complained that the district administration authorities were not even allowing them to use toilets in the complex.
The stand-off is likely to continue with authorities sitting over the issue for the past 10 days.

Letters: Black money & politicsLetters: Black money & politics
Bus services to start between Kathmandu and DelhiBus services to start between Kathmandu and Delhi
No deal with NCP  the corrupt will not be spared: Devendra FadnavisBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 2, 2014 9:44 pm
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday  said that there was no “deal” with NCP in return for its unconditional support to his minority government, and asserted that anybody who is guilty of corruption would go to jail.
Fadnavis, who has retained the home portfolio, also said that he proposed to do away with the need for sanction to probe the corruption cases.
“Why should any sanction be necessary? We would make a framework…where preliminary inquiry is done and there is a prima facie evidence, no sanction should be taken. We would change the law,” Fadnavis told reporters here today.
“There is no need for discretion (for initiating a probe) for corruption cases. When you find certain prima facie evidence, why should you stop?” he said, when asked about whether he would allow the anti-corruption bureau to conduct inquiry against NCP leaders Ajit Pawar and Sunil Tatkare in connection with alleged scams in the irrigation sector.
“I will do away with mandatory government sanction to probe elected representatives, bureaucrats and police officers in corruption cases,” he said.
“There is no deal between BJP and NCP. Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi doesn’t strike deals. If someone, even from our own party, is found guilty (of corruption), that person will go to jail,” he added.
The then Maharashtra Governor had denied the CBI the sanction to prosecute former Chief Minister Ashok Chavan in the Adarsh Housing Society scam.
When asked if he might end up as another Prithviraj Chavan (who is known for personal integrity but was accused of not acting against the corrupt colleagues), Fadnavis said, “I am not Prithviraj Chavan… I am Devendra Fadnavis. My actions would speak more than my words.”

48 killed in suicide blast at Wagah border in Pak | Pakistani Taliban claim responsibilityDeath toll in Pakistan suicide attack at Wagah Border rises to 61
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 12.23PM IST
Tags:
Lahore
(Nearly 50 people, including…)
LAHORE: The death toll in the horrific suicide attack that shook Pakistan minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah climbed to 61 today, even as security agencies arrested about 20 suspects from the Indo-Pak border area.
Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among the 61 people who have died in the attack that took place yesterday when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah.
Over 100 people were injured in the incident and are being treated in different Lahore's hospitals where emergency has been declared.
The blast took place when a large number of people were returning after attending the flag lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pak land border crossing, which is heavily guarded by the Punjab Rangers.
A young suicide-bomber blew himself up near the main exit gate of Parade Avenue at 6.03 pm (local time), causing colossal devastation.
"The death toll of the devastating suicide attack at Wagah border has risen to 61. The condition of some injured is still critical and the doctors are battling to save their lives," Punjab Emergency Services Rescue spokesman Jam Sajjad told PTI.
About 43 bodies have been handed over to the families while the remaining are yet to be recognised, Sajjad said.
"We have sought the help of the National Registration Database Authority (Nadra) for recognition of 18 bodies," he said.
The law enforcement agencies have launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah and taken about 20 suspects into custody, Lahore police spokesman Niyab Haider Naqvi said.
"A joint investigation team of police, rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and rangers along with police will provide security to Ashura processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday's attack," he said.
Punjab Interior Minister Col (Retd) Shujah Khanzada said the target of the suicide bomber was the venue of the flag hoisting ceremony.
"The suicide-bomber wanted to reach the Parade Avenue to cause maximum devastation but he blew himself up near the entrance of the main gate after failing to reach the Parade Avenue," he said.
At least three militant factions have claimed the grizzly bombing. Al-Qaeda affiliated militant group Jandullah, a splinter group of the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), was first to claim responsibility of the attack.
Shortly afterwards Jamaatul Ahrar said its bomber Hafiz Hanifullah carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
According to a preliminary investigation report submitted to the Inspector General Police Punjab, Mushtaq Ahmed Sukhera, the suicide-bomber, believed to be in his early 20s, had been staying in the Wagah border area since many days.
"It is also suspected that the handlers of the suicide-bomber were also present near the blast site to ensure the execution of their plan," the report says.
At least 15 to 20 kilogrammes of explosives were used in the blast with some of the explosives in the attacker's suicide jacket and the remaining being carried by him.
The blown-up parts of the bomber have been collected and sent for DNA and forensic tests.
Meanwhile, Jammat-ud-Dawah's subsidiary Falah-e-Insaniat shifted nine dead bodies to its headquarters at Chauburji and one of its leaders led the funeral prayers for the deceased before handing over the bodies to the families.
"We have allowed the Falah-e-Insaniat to take the bodies of nine victims to Jamia Masjid Al-Qadsia Chauburji on the request of their families as they wanted to offer their funeral prayers there," Lahore's Mayo Hospital official Maqbool Ahmed said.
Punjab Law Minister Mujtaba Shujaur Rehman has termed the suicide blast a "security lapse".
"Carrying out a suicide blast at the Rangers headquarters is definitely a security lapse and very much alarming," he said, adding that the investigation agencies would have to look into how the suicide bomber managed to cross the security tiers and reached near the main entrance of the Parade Avenue.
A warning had been issued to the security agencies five days ago that "suicide bombers might target their buildings," an official of the home department told PTI.
"It seems all the focus of security has been shifted to protect Muharram processions and Wagah border became a soft target of the terrorists," he said.
An intelligence report had mentioned anti-Shia banned outfits -- Tahrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) and Lashkar-e- Jhangvi - might target Shia processions, important personalities and buildings of security agencies.
There would be no flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah for the general public for three days, a Punjab Rangers spokesman said.
"The decision has been taken to mourn the killings of the Sundays attack," he said, adding that India's BSF also told the rangers that it would also not invite the public for the ceremony for three days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BSF on high alert in Punjab after Wagah blastBSF on high alert in Punjab after Wagah blast
Mexico Is Looking For 43 Missing Students. What Has Been Found Is Truly Terrifyingreddit
After a student protest in Iguala, Mexico, last month, dozens of young men were seen being hauled off into police vans. Then, they vanished.
One month later, 43 students from the Ayotzinapa rural teachers college are still missing and presumed dead. Instead of finding the students, authorities investigating the events of Sept. 26 have instead found other horrors: a string of mass graves, police working for drug cartels and government officials at the helm of a dark underworld.
The hunt for the students has laid bare the brutality and lawlessness in parts of Mexico still under the grip of the cartels, despite years of Mexico’s war on drugs.
Chairs with portraits of missing students are seen during a march for the 43 missing students in Mexico City, Oct. 22, 2014. (RONALDO SCHEMIDT/AFP/Getty Images)
Here are some of the disturbing findings of the Mexican government's investigation:
Last Sighting Of The Students
The students -- men in their late teens and early 20s -- were studying to become teachers in rural Mexico at a college with a history of radical leftist activism, the BBC reported . That Friday, they went out to demonstrate against hiring discrimination and solicit funds for an upcoming protest march.
Witnesses have said that the students were in Iguala, a city in southern Mexico, when they came under fire from police.
By the end of the night, six people were left dead. The body of one student was later found with his face skinned and eyes gouged out, the New Yorker reported, "the signature of a Mexican organized-crime assassination."
Some of the students escaped Iguala, but 43 of them have not been seen since that night. Survivors described their classmates being taken away by police, but authorities denied they were in state custody.
When the students didn't return and relatives and sympathizers took to the streets in protest, Mexico's federal government launched an investigation.
The City's Former Mayor And His Wife Allegedly Control The Local Drug Cartel
According to the investigation, former Iguala Mayor José Luis Abarca Velázquez instructed municipal police to stop the student protests at all costs.
Abarca and his wife, María de los Ángeles Pineda Villa, are the “ probable masterminds ” behind the crime and are on the run from arrest, according to Mexico’s attorney general.
The investigation has led to allegations that Abarca and Pineda were the heads of a murderous personal fiefdom in collaboration with the local drug cartel -- the Guerreros Unidos.
Former Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca and his wife, Maria de los Angeles Pineda Villa, at a meeting in Chilpancingo, Mexico, May 8, 2014. (AP Photo/Alejandrino Gonzalez, File)
After his arrest, the head of the cartel told investigators that Pineda -- the daughter and sister of cartel members -- is the “ key operator ” of the criminal network in Iguala. When the students' protest risked disrupting an event launching her own bid for the mayor’s office, Pineda gave the order to “teach them a lesson,” the cartel chief told authorities, according to the Daily Beast.
Despite expressions of shock by the Mexican government, local residents say officials turned a blind eye to the couple’s gang connections. "Everyone knew about their presumed connections to organized crime," Alejandro Encinas, a senator from the mayor's Democratic Revolution Party, told the Associated Press . "Nobody did anything, not the federal government, not the state government, not the party leadership."
Investigators Say Police Worked As The Cartel’s Hit Men
Investigators said that police delivered the 43 missing students to members of the Guerreros Unidos cartel, telling them that the students were members of a rival drug gang.
Guerreros Unidos hit men admitted to killing some of the students and dumping them in a pit -- although their bodies have not yet been identified.
In custody, Guerreros Unidos members named at least 30 local police officers they said were working directly for the cartel. “I wouldn't call these police, 'police.' I would call them hit men,” Mexican federal Attorney General Jesús Murillo Karam told reporters .
Dozens of police have since been arrested , and authorities said some have confessed to being involved. Iguala’s police chief is also on the run. Federal police officers have taken over law enforcement in Iguala, disarming the entire force.
Municipal police officers suspected of involvement in the students' disappearance are taken to waiting transport at the attorney general's organized crime unit in Mexico City, Oct. 17, 2014. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell, File)
Meanwhile, a banner demanding the policemen’s release appeared in Iguala, signed by the Guerreros Unidos cartel. "Or else we will reveal the names of all the politicians who work for us. The war is just beginning," the sign threatened .
The Cartel’s Control Likely Goes Far Beyond One City
The Guerreros Unidos cartel is thought to control drug routes in Guerrero state -- where Iguala is located -- and neighboring Morelos. And the collusion of local authorities in their operation likely runs far wider than Iguala.
Federal police have taken control of more than 12 municipalities in southern Mexico after finding “presumed links to organized crime” in their police forces, Mexico National Security Commissioner Monte Alejandro Rubido said.
The cartel is one of several regional splinter groups from the notorious Sinaloa Cartel to emerge around 2011, according to investigative journalism group InSight Crime. Violence has exploded as the gangs battle for territory, and Guerrero had the highest murder rate in Mexico in 2013, the group said .
Many, Many More Are Missing And Dead
In their search for any trace of the students, investigators have found at least 12 mass graves with dozens of unidentified bodies near Iguala. So far, authorities say none of the remains match the missing students.
The gruesome discoveries confirmed some of the residents’ worst fears -- that the hills above the city were being used as a cemetery for the disappeared.
View of a grave discovered in Pueblo Viejo, in the outskirts of Iguala, Guerrero state, Mexico, on Oct. 6, 2014. (Pedro PARDO/AFP/Getty Images)
Already this year, 150 bodies have been found in secret graves throughout Guerrero state, InSight Crime reports, citing the state’s forensic office.
Across Mexico, more than 20,000 people have disappeared in the last eight years, according to government figures. Human Rights Watch’s Nik Steinberg, who has extensively investigated the disappearances, wrote in Foreign Policy earlier this year that if even half of the cases are verified, this represents “one of the worst waves of disappearances in the Americas in decades.”
“The evidence suggests not only that authorities have failed to investigate disappearances, but also, in many cases, that soldiers and police have helped to carry them out,” he wrote in a story published before the Iguala students vanished.
People protest the students' disappearance in Guadalajara, Mexico, on Oct. 8, 2014. (Servando Gomez Camarillo/LatinContent/Getty Images)
In the meantime, the students' families and supporters are holding out hope that they will be found.
“Today all Mexico resounds with the cry 'They took them alive, we want them back alive,'" Mexican poet and former diplomat Homero Aridjis wrote in a recent blog post for The WorldPost. “Mexicans are fed up with living in a pervasive state of corruption and impunity,” he said.
The students’ disappearance and the allegations of official complicity have brought thousands of outraged protesters onto the streets of Mexico to demand their return -- and justice.
Demonstrators protest the disappearance of the students on Oct. 17, 2014 in Acapulco, Mexico. (AP Photo/Eduardo Verdugo)
A student paints 'Repressive State' on the windows of the attorney general's office in Mexico City during a protest for the missing students, Oct. 15, 2014. (OMAR TORRES/AFP/Getty Images)
CLARIFICATION: This story has been updated to reflect that José Luis Abarca Velázquez is no longer Iguala's mayor. A temporary replacement mayor was installed on Oct. 29 but resigned hours later.
More:

Chennai looks to the skiesUpdated: December 1, 2014 19:14 IST
Chennai looks to the skies
Vishal Menon
The Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority allowed buildings to exceed the 60 metre height restriction thus allowing the city’s skyline to reach higher. File photo: N. Sridharan
INFOGRAPHIC
construction and property
Five years after the CMDA allowed buildings to go above 60 metres, Chennai’s skyline finally begins to look up, finds Vishal Menon
Chennai was once home to the tallest building in India — the 15-storied LIC building in 1959. But this record lasted for just two years, when the Usha Kiran building surpassed it at a height of 80 metres. In its 2nd Master Plan, 2008, the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) allowed buildings to exceed the 60 metre height restriction, which had been in place for decades, thus allowing the city’s skyline to reach higher.
With the relaxation of the rule, several skyscrapers started coming up, especially in south Chennai towards the Old Mahabalipuram Road, Egattur, Perumbakkam and the East Coast Road. According to data by realty portal Commonfloor.com, there are at present 96 completed skyscrapers (buildings above 10 storeys) and 148 ongoing and upcoming projects, due for completion in three to four years.
Wilson Mathews, director, Sales & Marketing, True Value Homes, thinks the city’s well-travelled elite are beginning to prefer skyscrapers over regular multi-storeyed apartments or even villas. His company’s Ouranya Bay Phase 1 and 3, 30 storeys tall, are one of the city’s tallest completed projects. “We were prompted to build skyscrapers because of the challenge in getting high quality land parcels. Our target customers have travelled around the world and we felt we could provide them with amenities comparable with those abroad. Our buildings come with fabulous views of the city and offer customers large spaces without the dust and noise of a regular ground-plus-four building.”
“The identities of most modern cities have been their skyscrapers. One of the main reasons Indian cities are underdeveloped is the lack of high rises. With the relaxation of rules, developers can build structures that are a class apart in terms of technology, structure and design. But there is still a lot of red tape, which makes construction of high rises more ordeal than dream. Since the Moulivakkam incident, approvals have been much harder to get, but the rules are not transparent even for those who want to follow them” says R. Kumar, MD, Navin Housing.
Apart from the long-drawn process of getting approvals, construction time for skyscrapers is also high. “We see buildings over 20-30 floors take as long as seven or eight years. This blocks a huge amount of money for both developer and consumer. Apart from time, the cost of construction for taller building is stupendously high. For example, a 7-10 storey building costs Rs. 2,500 per sq. ft to construct while a 14-storey building costs around Rs. 4,000. And buildings over 30 floors with structures entirely concrete or steel, cost more than Rs. 10,000 per sq. ft. So, one can only make such buildings when cost is not a factor. That’s why it’s more a status symbol that practicality now,” says R.V. Shekhar, Chairman, Lancor Holdings.
High-rises also come with high maintenance costs of Rs. 5 per sq. ft or more. “These buildings necessarily come with high speed elevators, power back-up and specific maintenance based on height and design. High rises are built with unique fire-resistant material and sophisticated fire safety systems must be in place. Add these to the rest and maintenance costs become alarmingly high — another reason why the clientele remains the business class,” adds Kumar.
While skyscrapers in most cities are limited to the Central Business District, Chennai high rises are residential properties where land prices are comparatively lower. “Also, places like OMR have much wider roads, which are a must for high rise approval. With regulations having been relaxed just recently, it is challenging to get large parcels of land within the CBD for skyscrapers,” explains Mathews.
Arun, MD, Casa Grande, wishes the new rule had come earlier. “If approval for high rises had come 10-20 years earlier, especially in Chennai which lacks strong infrastructure, it would have put less pressure on the transportation system and kept a check on land prices, and land would have still been affordable in the CBD. However, with the accompanying relaxation of FSI, skyscrapers can easily cut project costs by 5 to 10 per cent, which means a Rs. 2.5 crore apartment can be priced at Rs. 2.2 crore. This will undercut high maintenance costs in the long run,” he says.

GPs: The disappearing first line of defenceTweet
A family doctor helps mitigate not just anxiety but also undue costs
Shortly after Poorvaja Prakash moved to Mumbai for work, she had a persistent throat infection, which led to high fever. On visiting a reputed hospital, “The first thing the doctor asked was if I’d like to get admitted,” she says.
After several tests, including one for swine flu, and five days of hospitalisation, “I had a huge bill, and little idea of what was wrong.”
Concept of a GP
Many like Poorvaja run from pillar to post for even simple ailments today, and end up with a pile of test reports and long medical bills.
A chief reason for this, according to Dr Subashini Venkatesh, a Chennai-based General Practitioner, is that the good old family doctor is no longer in the picture; “as science grew, specialities grew,” she says. “Super-specialists grow vertically and are highly focused in their area. But GPs grow laterally to provide complete care. We are jack of all trades.”
Concurring with her, Dr Santanu Chattopadhyay, CEO of NationWide The Family Doctors, says People run to specialists for every small issue. Someone with knee pain, for instance, would prefer an orthopaedic consultation.
“The specialist will look at the patient in parts, but a GP will see the body as a whole,” he explains.
The primary healthcare services of a GP, or family doctor, helps mitigate not just anxiety but also undue costs. “Our treatment is by elimination, not by diagnostics. We rule out one by one. Seventy per cent of the time, just listening to your patient gives you the diagnosis, so you know you are not investigating inappropriately,” says Subashini.
As general practice is not symptom- or disease-specific, it results in wholesome and quality care. A well-trained GP is adept at counselling, addressing the psychological aspects of a disease, elderly care (geriatrics), end-of-life care and pain management among others, apart from small surgeries, paediatrics and dermatology.
Subashini points to the UK, where GP care starts from a baby’s neo-natal checks and vaccinations, and continues well into adulthood and lifetime. “The doctor knows everything about the family — background, history of illness, socio-economic status and so on, which makes it easy to treat the patient,” she says. In the process, a deep bond develops inevitably.
India vs rest
The family doctor is often the first point of contact for patients in many countries. Cuba’s ‘Family Doctor-and-Nurse’ system puts a doctor-nurse duo in charge of around 150 families (700-800 people). This ensures continued primary care at the individual, family and community levels.
India, like several African nations, suffers from the ‘YOYO’ or ‘You are On Your Own’ system, says Dr Jacob John, retired professor from Christian Medical College, Vellore. Research suggests 70-80 per cent of medical expenditure in India is borne “out-of-pocket” by citizens and most of this is spent on out-patient treatment, mainly medicines.
With little focus on primary healthcare, to which family doctors are integral patients are made responsible for their own health. This sees urban patients going “doctor shopping” and rural patients flocking to super-speciality hospitals in the cities. Both groups end up with inadequate healthcare and exorbitant costs, says Subashini.
An ideal model is the UK’s National Health Service, which mandates a visit to the GP, who has the patient’s medical history. After eliminating possible causes, if needed the GP refers the patient to a specialist with their complete medical history.
As John says, “In a good referral system everything will be smooth. But if a priority patient is in the line with everyone else, it is not working.”
Other causes
Increasingly, sheer ignorance of the value of general practice, coupled with rising privatisation of healthcare, lack of training, poor employment, and inadequate primary healthcare infrastructure have made family medicine an endangered practice.
(This is the first of the two-part series on family doctors or general practitioners.)
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Watch out for lead exposureTweet
GOLDEN PIXELS LLC/SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
Lead poisoning is entirely preventable, says the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The key is to stop children from coming into contact with lead and treating those who have been poisoned by it.
Young children often place their toys, fingers, and other objects in their mouth as part of their normal development.
And this puts them in contact with lead paint or dust. The most common sources of lead exposure for children are chips and particles of old lead paint, which they tend to swallow.
And it harms the child’s heath, affecting their IQ resulting in underperformance at school, among other things.
Lead, which is invisible to the naked eye and has no smell, may be found in other sources too. Besides toys and toy jewellery, these sources include imported candies and cosmetics; pottery and ceramics; drinking water contaminated by lead leaching from a lead pipe, valves, and from tea kettles and vinyl mini-blinds.
Additionally, a variety of work and hobbies and products expose adults also to lead.
Childhood lead poisoning is considered the most preventable environmental disease of young children.
And if you suspect your child has had exposure to lead, check with your nearest doctor, advices the CDC.
Source: CDC
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

TB in the time of EbolaTB in the time of Ebola
PT Jyothi Datta
Tweet
REUTERS Healthcare workers in India need to be better trained to pick up symptoms of Ebola and refer people to the right hospitals.
The Ebola virus has globally infected over 10,000 people and over 4,900 have died, the World Health Organisation said last week. That very week, another WHO report cautioned that around three million people with tuberculosis were being ‘missed’ by health systems each year, because they are not diagnosed, or because they are diagnosed but not reported.
This information got limited visibility as Ebola-deaths continued to top global headlines, sending Governments across the world scrambling to treat and contain the Ebola virus if it came to their shores from the present “ground zero” in West Africa. Trials commenced on vaccine candidates in multiple countries, and in India too, the Government started screening at airports, as it took note of the disease now surfacing in the US and Spain.
And soon enough, the “what if” question came up at discussions in India, as people wondered, what if Ebola was detected in India, how safe are we?
The memory of air-borne viruses like SARS and H1N1 (swine flu), and the hysteria being drubbed up by Western media, seemed to fan the fear over Ebola.
But consider this. TB is a leading cause of mortality in India – killing two people every three minutes, and nearly 1,000 every day. And you could be susceptible to the spread of TB while travelling in a bus, train or just taking the lift with a bunch of people!
In fact, unlike air-borne viruses like SARS and HINI – where every aircraft coming in from a country reporting infection brought in the scare of infection – Ebola does not spread through air. It spreads through close contact with body fluids of a person infected by the virus.
Public health experts caution that India, home to several infectious diseases, should not divert attention from infections like TB – that are not just air-borne, but worrisome because of those showing resistance to medication.
Ebola lessons
But that does not mean Ebola is not a concern in India. It becomes extremely worrisome, given the high population density and the fact that healthcare professionals need to be better trained and alert to pick up symptoms and refer people to the right hospitals.
Ebola has brought into focus the desperate need for the Government to inject a huge doze of dynamism into the public health infrastructure to be able to handle emergencies. It needs to designate and train key health institutions across the country to be able to quarantine and contain the Ebola virus, in case people with the illness arrive on Indian shores.
In fact, healthworkers are at a high risk, as they come into direct contact with body fluids like urine or vomit of an Ebola virus-infected person. The US even considered putting its healthcare workers returning from helping in Ebola-hit regions under mandatory quarantine. But the move attracted much criticism as it discourages aid workers from going to the disease-hit region at a time when more outside help is needed.
Drug-resistant TB
In the case of TB, about 9 million people developed TB in 2013, and 1.5 million died of it, says WHO. And though timely diagnosis and interventions have helped curb the disease, there is the disconcerting reality of those who have slipped through the cracks of surveillance.
Compounding this critical situation is the “insufficient funding” that is hampering efforts to tackle the global epidemic, says WHO. The multidrug-resistant TB crisis continues, with an estimated 4,80,000 new cases in 2013. And treating resistant cases is not just harder and more expensive but also has poorer cure rates, the WHO explains.
With this being just a part of on-the-ground reality in India, its approach needs to be tempered. India needs a nimble-footed public health system that is able to morph quickly to tackle existing challenges like TB and new ones like Ebola.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Azam Khan on collision course with SP bossesAzam Khan on collision course with SP bosses
Our Bureau
Wife Tanzeem Fatima declines RS ticket
New Delhi, October 31:  
The differences between senior Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan and the party leadership came out in the open on Friday, as he skipped the SP parliamentary board meeting.
His wife, Tanzeem Fatima, who was offered a Rajya Sabha ticket, turned it down and requested party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav to find “more competent” people for the post.
According to SP sources, Khan is annoyed at the decision of the SP top brass to send Javed Ali Khan, SP strongman from Sambhal, to the Rajya Sabha.
Javed Ali Khan is supposed to be close to SP general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav, who himself has been nominated again to the Upper House.
Though a senior SP leader said all issues will be settled ahead of November 10, the last date for filing nominations, there are indications that Azam Khan wants both the tickets to be cancelled.
Senior leader Ravi Prakash Verma, former Lok Sabha MP Neeraj Shekhar and leader from Jhansi Chandrapal Singh Yadav have also been given ticket by the SP leadership.
Elections to 10 Rajya Sabha seats from Uttar Pradesh will be held on November 20.
Going by their numbers in the State Assembly, while the SP can win six seats, the BSP will get two seats and the BJP, one. The Congress-RJD alliance is trying for the tenth seat from the State.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Building Pacific super cyclone delays storm in Bay of BengalPacific typhoon delays Bay ‘low’
Vinson Kurian
Source: IMD Satellite image take on November 2, 2014.
Thiruvananthapuram, Nov 2:  
The India Met Department has said that an anticipated low-pressure area would materialise over south-east Bay of Bengal by Tuesday.
This is at least three days behind schedule and farther than where the ‘low’ was originally thought to develop, thanks mainly to the disruptive presence of an evolving super typhoon in west Pacific. The newly-formed typhoon, Nuri, off the Philippines, is forecast to become a dangerous category-5 typhoon with peak winds speeding to 250 km/hr and gusting to 305 km/hr over next five days. Category-5 represents class-topping attributes on the Saffir-Simpson scale for storm intensity. Fortunately, Nuri is seen raging for the most part of its life in the vast Pacific waters only.It would track a north-northeast track away from the Philippines sparing Japan a direct hit before fading out by Thursday, global models indicated. Nuri’s destructive power will play out upstream in the North-East monsoon corridor, affecting the best-laid plans that downstream Bay may have been readying.
Change in location
It is now expected that the Bay will hum into activity after typhoon Nuri fades out over the expansive watery terrain of the Pacific.
But Nuri would have forced a change in the location of the ‘low’ in the Bay, now expected to be much farther from the Tamil Nadu coast than earlier thought.
Models are now veering down to the coordinates closer to the Sumatra Island, to the south-southwest of the Andaman Sea for the anticipated ‘low.’
This is more or less what India Met is suggesting now. Its inferred projections favour a scenario where the ‘low’ grows to become a tropical cyclone and hitting India’s east coast by the weekend.
The area of landfall suggested varies from the north Tamil Nadu to Andhra Pradesh coasts, as an odd forecaster suspects, even the Odisha coasts. The wide disparity has been brought about the change in the location of origin of the ‘low’ forced by the would-be super typhoon. A few models suggest that a break-away circulation from the building cyclone would wriggle its way towards the Myanmar coast.Meanwhile, parts of Tamil Nadu has been receiving moderate to isolated heavy rain thanks to the presence of a trough along the coast topped up by a cyclonic churn in the upper levels.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

LIC sells Rs 7700 cr shares in 14 Sensex cos  ups stake in 10LIC sells Rs 7700 cr shares in 14 Sensex cos, ups stake in 10
PTI | New Delhi | Published:  Nov 02 2014, 15:28  IST
Nov 02 2014, 15:28  IST
 

Simon Schama: my friend Oscar de la Renta© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bf5684a2-5e8d-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The worlds worst buildingsOctober 31, 2014 3:46 pm
Demolition dreams: the world’s ‘worst’ buildings
FT correspondents
©Steve Bronstein
The world is full of terrible architecture. Which buildings would the FT’s global network of correspondents demolish if they were given a wrecking ball?
John Paul Rathbone
©Getty
Russian embassy in Havana
The Soviets came to Cuba, almost precipitated a third world war, and then pulled the plug on the island 30 years later when the USSR collapsed. It is remarkable how little they left behind compared with the Spanish, for example, who bequeathed a culture and one of the most beautiful cities in the world, Havana.
One glaring exception is the Russian embassy in Havana’s leafy Miramar district, a brutal concrete mass, finished in 1987 when Moscow was still the only foreign show in town. Designed by Aleksandr Rochegov (“People’s Architect of the USSR, 1991”), this constructivist pile is so unremittingly ugly and out of place that it has been compared to a syringe. (“All the better to inject Communism,” as the sad joke once went.) It is almost cruel to argue for the demolition of any building in Cuba, given so many are falling down.
Yet wouldn’t it be great if its destruction also meant a reversal of that syringe, so magically sucking the poison out.
James Crabtree
©Bloomberg
Antilia in Mumbai
Even in a country known for elaborate Maharajas’ palaces, no building inspires as much controversy as Antilia , the Mumbai home of India’s richest man, the billionaire industrialist Mukesh Ambani. India’s media often reports that the 27-storey building cost $1bn, even though no reliable construction cost details have been provided. In a city where land is notably scarce, Antilia also attracted opprobrium when its plot was bought from a charity that ran orphanages in the city. Yet it seems to be the design itself that most irks observers, with the building’s unusual cantilevered façade towering above a city, half of whose residents are said to live in slums.
Samantha Pearson
Brazil correspondent
At more than 50 metres tall, the gleaming 10,000-seat replica of the Temple of Solomon, complete with a helipad, is by far São Paulo’s slickest building – and possibly its most hated.
The $300m stone complex that opened in August this year is the work of the Universal Church of the Kingdom of God, a fast-growing evangelical empire founded by the media magnate Edir Macedo, Brazil’s richest religious leader, who was briefly jailed in 1992 over accusations of fraud but was subsequently cleared.
©Nacho Doce/Reuters
Temple of Solomon in São Paulo
For Brazil’s shrinking Catholic community, the gold-encrusted temple surrounded by olive trees is an abomination – not least because it is almost twice as tall as Rio de Janeiro’s iconic Christ the Redeemer statue. Jewish groups have also voiced their disapproval.
However, it is perhaps most objectionable simply because of its lavish display of wealth in one of the city’s poorest neighbourhoods.
Ben McLannahan
©Michael Anderson
Asahi Breweries HQ in Tokyo
Tokyo is littered with bubble-era silliness. Take the headquarters of Asahi Breweries, completed in 1989. The amber-coloured building resembles a frothing pitcher of beer while the shorter building next to it is a cup of ale, topped with Philippe Starck’s “Flamme d’Or” – or as the locals instantly named it, the “golden turd”. In that context, there is no excuse at all for the sloppy Shibuya Hikarie tower, which glowers over the Tokyo shopping district famous for its scramble intersection. Completed in 2012, it broke an almost uninterrupted run of sleek and beautiful buildings in the city, such as the Roppongi Hills Mori Tower (2003) and La Tour Shinjuku Grand (2011). From certain angles, it looks like a half-arsed game of Tetris, or a filing cabinet shaken loose by a quake. Much of the station area is supposed to be flattened and rebuilt for the 2020 Olympics. It is a pity the Hikarie can’t go with it.
Edwin Heathcote
©Getty
20 Fenchurch St - or the "Walkie-Talkie" - part of Land Securities' London portfolio
In southeast England the problem is the lack of construction of new, affordable housing, not the demolition of existing buildings. In fact, most ugly buildings can be adapted to create useful, even attractive new accommodation. Go beyond the edge of any major city and the endless closes and cul-de-sacs, the blandscape of brick boxes accessible only by car, provided with no infrastructure except the ubiquitous big-box retailers, these depress me no end. How could we demolish them all? Where would the displaced live? And what if it turns out that, actually, this really is how people want to live? There is always an implied snobbery in these exercises which I find problematic. Having said that, I’ll shoot down my own argument and say that the Walkie-Talkie , at 20 Fenchurch Street, which pokes its big head into every view of London and pops up behind Tower Bridge like a grinning idiot photobombing the city, should never have been given planning permission.
Gary Silverman
©Reuters
Time Warner Building, New York
In the 1954 motion picture It Should Happen to You, Judy Holliday plays an aspiring model who tries to make a splash in New York by getting her name on a billboard overlooking Columbus Circle. Such a thing could never happen today because Columbus Circle is no longer the centre of action in that part of town. It has been overwhelmed by an architectural nightmare – the Time Warner Center. Soaring 80 storeys above the circle, the twin towers of the mixed-use property give New Yorkers the opportunity to experience all the excitement of a suburban shopping mall. It shouldn’t have happened to us, but it did, and that leaves New Yorkers with only the old movies on cable TV to remind us of the way we were.
Katrina Manson
East Africa correspondent
Africa has nowhere near enough buildings to start tearing them down. Ones tied to colonial relics or oppressive regimes in Eritrea and Ethiopia are records of north meets south and worth preserving. Even in Khartoum, whose hubristic skyline testifies to an oil-glut economy gone bust, it would be churlish to pull down so wildly over-the-top a building as the hotel shaped like a hand grenade, built by fallen Libyan dictator Muammer Gaddafi. The same cannot be said of the ominously blank walls of Sudan’s national security building, and the gate for families to inquire after disappeared or tortured loved ones. One outgoing British diplomat quipped that – in line with a maritime ministry shaped like a boat and an aviation ministry like a plane – the national security building may as well be modelled after electrodes. As Sudan continues a war against its people on three fronts, this is a building worth tearing down.
Victor Mallet
©Getty
Khan Market, New Delhi
For visitors to India, New Delhi’s “markets” conjure up images of ochre and vermilion, of spices and curious vegetables, of piles of carpets and handmade fabrics. The most famous of these is surely Khan Market – but it is a sore disappointment, a ramshackle collection of modern two- and three-storey shophouses in brick and concrete, lacking both old-world charm and modern space and convenience. It is not unusual to see a dead rat squashed into the chaos that passes for pavement outside the overpriced shops selling groceries, gewgaws and mobile phones. It is probably superfluous to demand the market’s demolition, since interminable redesigns and reconstruction projects have made parts of it vulnerable to falling down without further assistance – as happened to two floors of a building that collapsed just over a year ago.
Michael Stothard
©Boris Horvat/Getty Images
Pompidou centre in Paris
The Centre Georges Pompidou was a clever piece of architecture when it opened in Paris in 1977; its internal mechanisms, including lifts and coloured pipes, splashed on the outside rather than within, helped it become known as a revolutionary building. Yet the tangle of blues, reds and greens, combined with the web of cold steel, makes it look at once clinical like an oil refinery and garish like a carousel. And time has only made it uglier. Difficult to clean, beset by thousands of joints and nooks and crannies, it is decaying and shabby. Fifteen years since its last major refurbishment, the decorated pipes are once again filthy.
Ben Bland
Indonesia correspondent
Jakarta has no shortage of tycoon-built mansions with hideous neo-Palladian façades and skyscrapers designed as monuments to arrogance rather than style. Only one building in the Indonesian capital combines both flaws. Nestled between office towers on Jakarta’s main business street, the 34-storey Da Vinci Penthouse shares a name with the master Italian painter and architect but little else. Encased in more columns and statues than a Roman temple, the lower floors are a showroom for the purveyor of tacky, expensive neoclassical furniture that has designed the interiors of the multimillion dollar apartments. Above that rises a charmless grey tower. As garish on the inside as it is on the outside, this building surely deserves its self-awarded title of “The Landmark of Indonesia”. Just the wrong sort of landmark.
Borzou Daragahi
Middle East and north Africa correspondent
©Barry Iverson Collection/Alamy
Mogamma building in Tahrir Square, Cairo, c1955
If there is one building that stands out among the varied, chaotic jumble of styles and epochs that characterise modern-day Cairo – and one that symbolises all that has gone wrong with the city – it is the huge, late-modernist Mogamma building that looms over Tahrir Square. It symbolises the downturns and despair of the military-led socialism that Egypt is still attempting to leave behind. Many Egyptians and foreigners have ambled through its hallways, struggling against its 18,000 surly employees to secure applications for passports or visa extensions. “It’s a monster. It’s a beast,” says Karim el-Hayawan, a Cairo interior designer and architect. “But visually it only reflects how monstrous it is inside.”
Andrew England
©AP
Ponte City, Johannesburg
It is doubtful that any visitor to Johannesburg could have missed the Ponte City, a huge, hollowed out pillar that stands as a monument to the ugly greyness of a slab of concrete. At 173 metres tall, the 54-storey cylindrical, residential tower soars high into the sky dwarfing all around it. Anyone planning a high-rise prison should consider the Ponte for inspiration. It is difficult to believe that when it first opened its doors in 1975 it was considered the swanky residence of choice for wealthy white South Africans wanting to live in the heart of downtown Johannesburg. Today, it is a weather-beaten totem of apartheid-era architecture in a run-down inner city area. Yet for all its grey ugliness – or perhaps because of it – Ponte has become an iconic symbol of the downtown and one that enjoys the affection of many Joburgers.
Kate Allen
©Bloomberg
Trafford Centre, Manchester
The Trafford Centre in Manchester, the UK’s second-largest shopping centre, is a testament to triviality both in form and function. Its design is a rococo pastiche, a multicoloured marble and glass temple to consumerism. Its construction in the late 1990s was an early step in the arrival of American out-of-town mall culture on British shores. Built on the site of that industrial marvel, the Manchester Ship Canal, the centre symbolises Britain’s shift from a global industrial leader to a country with diminishing influence and an economy dependent on high levels of personal debt and frivolous spending. It attracts more than 35m visitors a year, so it is not lacking in friends, but I would demolish it and build something more socially useful in its place – a factory, perhaps.
Stefan Wagstyl
©AP
International Congress Centre, Berlin
The International Congress Centre, built in 1979 in West Berlin, always was an expensive white elephant. Its crablike structure invites comparison with a spaceship and Berliners often call it “the UFO”. Before German reunification it had some purpose in trying to draw visitors to the outpost of west Berlin, surrounded as it was by Communist East Germany. Today it is closed as a cash-strapped city council debates what to do with it. At 320 metres long, 80 metres wide and 40 metres high it is far too large to ignore. The city has set aside about €200m for renovation and modernisation. One option is to give the hulking building a new lease of life as a conference centre. Another is to turn it into a shopping mall. However, tearing the place down altogether would be monstrously expensive, as the ICC is stuffed with asbestos.
Charles Clover
©AFP
CCTV building in Beijing
The CCTV headquarters, designed by architect Rem Koolhaas, is known informally as the “Kuzi”, or “big trousers”, for its two legged shape, and is perhaps the best known of the architectural landmarks in Beijing. Yet China’s president, Xi Jinping, has said he has had enough of the daring designs that dominate the Chinese capital’s skyline and recently made an example of the CCTV building. Architecture, he said, in a rare explanation for a Chinese leader, should serve the people. He called for morally inspiring art that should “be like sunshine from the blue sky and the breeze in spring that will inspire minds, warm hearts, cultivate taste and clean up undesirable work styles”.
Photographs: Getty Images; Bloomberg; Nacho Doce/Reuters; Michael Anderson; Boris Horvat/Getty Images; AFP; Barry Iverson Collection/Alamy
Your opinion
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Unauthorised disclosure on black money can sabotage probe: JaitleyArun Jaitley
(Lashing out at those who…)
NEW DELHI: Lashing out at those, including the Congress party, who want the government to make names of black money holders public, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said unauthorised disclosure of such names can sabotage investigation and benefit the guilty.
"An unauthorised disclosure of information is fraught with both investigation and economic consequences. They can sabotage the investigation. They can attract sanctions in the form of withholding taxes," he said in a Facebook post on a day when Prime Minister Narendra Modi asserted that all efforts would be made to bring back black money stashed abroad.
Questioning those demanding disclosure of names in violation of tax treaties, Jaitley said: "The Congress Party's stand is understandable. It does not want evidence to be forthcoming in support of the names available with SIT. Are some others ill informed, just indulging in bravado or are they Trojan horses?"
The Minister exuded confidence that the Special Investigation Team (SIT), which has been entrusted by the Supreme Court with the investigation, will succeed in bringing out the truth and the NDA government made available all the names in its possession to the SIT on 27th June, 2014 itself.
"The NDA Government has had an exemplary record in this matter... It will continue to support the SIT fully and unequivocally in search of truth," Jaitley said.
The choice before the government was between unauthorised disclosure and disclosure as per treaties, he said, adding that the latter is both a fair and beneficial proposition.
"It will help in collection of evidence and exposure of a wrong doing in accordance with law and fair procedure. A disclosure without evidence would ensure that evidence is never available," he added.
Earlier in his address to the nation over radio, Modi said that bringing back black money from outside the country is an "article of faith" for him and nothing will be lacking in his efforts to do so.
Last week the government had submitted to the Supreme Court in sealed envelopes details of 627 account holders in HSBC Bank Geneva.
The government also came under attack from opposition parties that it was going back on its election promise to unearth and bring back black money stashed abroad.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CBI likely to quiz Jayanthi on land diversion for Jindal plantThe Hindu File Photo of former environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan.
TOPICS
inquiry
The Central Bureau of Investigation may examine the former Environment Minister Jayanthi Natarajan in connection with the probe against unknown officials of the Jindal Steel and Power Limited and JSW Steel Limited for alleged diversion of forest land for mining purposes in Jharkhand.
“Since some of the decisions were taken during her tenure, if necessary, we may approach her for clarifications,” said a CBI official.
The agency last month instituted preliminary enquiries (PEs) against unknown officials of the two companies and the Environment Ministry.
The first PE alleges that unknown Ministry officials extended favours to Jindal Steel by facilitating grant of clearance for diversion of 512-hectare Saranda forest land, which is mainly inhabited by wild elephants, between 2007 and 2013. Through another PE, the CBI has initiated a probe into alleged irregularities in the grant of approval to JSW Steel in 2013 for diversion of forest land for mining purposes in Ankua Reserve.

Govt delays payments; IT contracts are one-sided: Tech MahindraHi Guest
Govt delays payments; IT contracts are one-sided: Tech Mahindra
Tech Mahindra, the fifth largest IT exporter, is treading cautiously on the domestic turf, especially in hunting for government contracts, as it sees implementation a "grave risk" in this area. "Tech Mahindra clearly believes there is an opportunity in the country, but there is a grave risk that the government departments entail on the implementation side," company's Managing Director and Chief Executive CP Gurnani told PTI. Listing his specific concerns, Gurnani said government gives a "short ...

Politicos lash out at Robert Vadra for attacking ANI journalistPoliticos lash out at Robert Vadra for attacking ANI journalist
Soraya Nadia McDonaldThe plan would require states to issue report cards for teacher preparation programs based on several factors.
Nov 25, 2014
Three months after it pulled Oklahoma’s No Child Left Behind Waiver, the U.S. Department of Education reverses course and gives it back.
Nov 24, 2014
A possible 2016 GOP contender, Bush tries to thread the needle when it comes to the divisive standards.
Nov 20, 2014
A possible 2016 GOP contender, Bush tries to thread the needle when it comes to the divisive standards.
Nov 20, 2014
Code.org teams up with Disney to offer programming lessons that include wildly popular characters from “Frozen“.
Nov 19, 2014
A program aimed at elementary and secondary students has debuted in schools nationwide.
Nov 16, 2014
A talk on education at a think tank quickly turned dramatic when a busload of angry residents arrived.
Nov 13, 2014
The Education Department is opting to enforce an existing law after six years, but critics say it won’t make a difference.
Nov 10, 2014
Ten years of federal data show a significant uptick in math scores for Hispanics, including in major cities.
Nov 10, 2014
The National Education Association’s president said “tectonic plates have shifted” in major mid-term losses.
Nov 5, 2014
Load More
About
Lyndsey Layton has been covering national education since 2011, writing about everything from parent trigger laws to poverty’s impact on education to the shifting politics of school reform. Lyndsey came to the Post in 1998 and has roamed widely, covering food safety and chemical policy, Congress, transportation and the U.S. invasion of Iraq. But none of that compares to the fun of interviewing 8-year-olds. She lives in D.C. with her husband and their daughter.
Most Read

WIll always remain a steadfast friend  India assures Mauritius (Roundup)WIll always remain a steadfast friend  India assures Mauritius (Roundup)
New battery dubbed killer app for electric carsNew battery aims to transform electric cars
Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/01b47ecc-6126-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

54 killed  200 wounded in Pak suicide attack at Wagah Border54 killed  200 wounded in Pak suicide attack at Wagah Border
TBEA Energy to facilitate for setting up industrial park in GujTBEA Energy to facilitate for setting up industrial park in Guj
Runs coming from openers is a good sign for India: DhawanRuns coming from openers is a good sign for India: Dhawan
Airtel s Smart SIM: A good option for those with multiple phonesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mahindra & Mahindra sales down 15% in OctE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Disaster cover: Centre vetting task force reportdisaster management
There has been a notable progress in the efforts to bring out an exclusive insurance cover for natural catastrophe as both the Home and Finance Ministries are presently examining a Task Force report on implementing a programme in the country.
There have been co-ordinated efforts among all stakeholders that include Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), Department of Financial Services (DFS) of the Ministry of Finance, NDMA (National Disaster Management Authority) and IRDA (Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority) in the past year to identify solutions towards disaster relief and risk mitigation through insurance mechanism.
“Discussions papers prepared and deliberated at various levels in the Government resulted in identifying certain key areas to be pursued towards disaster risk mitigation. Following this, a Task Force prepared suggestions for implementation. At present, this Task force report is receiving the attention of DFS and MHA,” said R Chandrasekaran, Secretary General, General Insurance Council.
“Actually, all Insurance products cover loss caused by natural disasters. But, insurers opine that a stand alone (exclusive) natural catastrophe insurance product will amount to anti-selection against insurers. At the same time, insurers also feel that there could be an exclusive disaster insurance product with appropriate premium / claim subsidy from the government (as in the case of National Crop Insurance Schemes) to cover a significant segment of the population (say, a district or a few districts as a whole,” he added.
At present, government disaster relief funds are meant only for relief and rehabilitation immediately following a disaster and not for reconstruction of the assets / affected areas.
Disasters are classified as natural or man-made. Man-made disasters include collapse of buildings, stampede and such other disasters where a large number of public get affected. One suggestion being made is to make public (Third Party) liability covers mandatory for public places. There is also a suggestion to enable NDRF (National Disaster Response Force and SDRF (State Disaster Response Fund) as well as other critical infrastructure establishments to buy parametric insurance covers to augment their financial capabilities to bear losses arising out of severe disasters.
“Parametric products would require a well documented simulation models for various disasters such as earthquakes, floods or cyclones. These models are being developed for India and for these three perils there is significant progress in the validity of model results,” said Mr.Chandrasekaran.
Referring to models in other markets, he pointed out that in countries that were prone to natural catastrophes, either insurance awareness was high or such insurances were increasingly getting mandated by governments. “This is one of the solutions being suggested for providing disaster insurance covers,” he added.
Chola MS General Insurance’s Managing Director S S Gopala Rathnam, who is part of many insurance industry committees, stated that a carefully orchestrated disaster insurance scheme would not only provide cover for losses, but also result in a lot of savings for the government. “Things are definitely moving in the right direction over the past few months” he added.

Tata Communication Q2 net profit at Rs 92.4crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The fast and furious world of Mitch JohnsonTears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 5:07 PM IST
Remembering Phil Hughes
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 4:19 PM IST
The young Australian batsman would have turned 26 on November 30, 2014. Alas, a freak incident on the field of play on November 25 cut short his life. Here's a look at some pictures from the talented and zestful southpaw's life and times.
Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 11:38 AM IST
Australia cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away on November 27, 2014 in Sydney following a head injury he had incurred in a Sheffield Shield match on November 25. During this game … More » Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Today on Yahoo

New GDP data with 2011-12 as base year in January 2015E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Probe of Space Tourism Rocket Crash May Take YearThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Government Notifies 33 Per Cent Gas Price Hike; CNG Prices RaisedGovernment Notifies 33 Per Cent Gas Price Hike; CNG Prices Raised
India to cooperate with Mauritius to safeguard Indian OceanIndia to cooperate with Mauritius to safeguard Indian Ocean
Maharashtra CM Fadnavis allocates portfoliosMaharashtra CM Fadnavis allocates portfolios
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, November 02, 2014
First Published: 15:21 IST(2/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:26 IST(3/11/2014)
Comments
Chief minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday allocated portfolios to his ministers on Sunday which evoked mixed reactions from his team.
Devendra Fadnavis along with his wife Amruta (second from left) during his swearing-in ceremony. Fadnavis passed his first key test in Maharashtra Assembly, winning a trust vote. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Fadnavis retained crucial the home and urban development departments and will also hold charge of departments such as housing, health, irrigation and energy that are not allocated to any ministers yet. Some departments given to the ministers could be reallocated to new entrants after expansion of the cabinet.
Senior minister Eknath Khadse has been given revenue and excise departments, along with agriculture. Another senior leader Sudhir Mungantiwar has been given the finance and planning portfolio along with forests.
While many CMs in the past have retained urban development with themselves,
Fadnavis’ decision to retain home is a significant one. After Sharad Pawar, who was CM in 1993-95, no CM retained home portfolio. In fact, under the power-sharing formula of coalition governments, the department always went to the party that did not have chief ministership.
Fadnavis also decided to merge several departments by bringing them under main portfolios. Vinod Tawde has been allocated all educated-related portfolios like the human resources development ministry at the Centre.
Chandrakant Patil, an RSS man and close aide of party chief Amit Shah, has been allocated the politically significant cooperation and agricultural marketing portfolio. He will also hold charge of public works and textiles departments. The move is being seen as BJP’s plan to challenge the dominance of Congress-NCP in the cooperative sector of the state.
Pankaja Munde, who has been vying for the key portfolio has been given the
responsibility of rural development, water conservation and women and child welfare departments. 
The allocation was announced on Sunday after Governor C Vidyasagar Rao approved the list.
The allocation, however,  made some ministers unhappy. Mungantiwar, for instance, was left fuming because he wanted home. “The ministers were not given choice, they were asked to accept what was offered to them as per the high command’s directives,” said a leader, requesting anonymity.

SC students fee waiver: Dharna enters 10th day  no decision by Punjab governmentyetPrint
Written by Raakhi Jagga | Faridkot | Posted: November 2, 2014 7:11 pm
Dharna by class 12 students belonging to scheduled caste from Government School Deep Singh Wala has entered its 10th day outside DC office as no word has come from Punjab government regarding fee waiver of students. The dharna was being organised under the banner of Punjab students union(PSU) and they have given a call of November 7 for state-wide protest on fee waiver issue.
District level dharnas will be organised by students and PSU units on November 7, revealed Hardeep Kotla, zonal President of PSU. The students are protesting against the fee being charged by Punjab government from SC students, despite the fact that as per National post-matric scheme, SC students are not supposed to pay any fee.
The fee is normally refunded, but students and even teachers from few schools allege that it takes more than a year, and sometimes even two years to be refunded. The 23 protesting students did not even fill the forms for final exams of class 12. More than four lakh SC students are studying in various schools of Punjab and it is normal practice that students are asked to pay the fee first and are later reimbursed.
“At times when refund comes, students go to college for higher studies, and it becomes difficult to locate the students at that time,” said a government teacher on the condition of anonymity.
Although the deputy commissioner Mohammad Tayaab and even the district education officer had spoken to the students numerous times, they were unsuccessful in persuading the students to end their dharna. Deputy commssioner Mohammad Tayaab while talking to The Indian Express said,” the matter has been taken with the education department and any decision in this context will come from the department. It is a policy matter. Students were asked to fill the examination forms without fee, but they refused to do so. We have informed the authorities about the stand of these students.”
Students meanwhile stated that Government was charging fee and refunding them too late, though the scheme was sponsored by the centre. They also stated that no action was being taken against the institutes which were charging fee from SC students. Meanwhile, The protesting students complained that the district administration authorities were not even allowing them to use toilets in the complex.
The stand-off is likely to continue with authorities sitting over the issue for the past 10 days.

LIVE: At least 52 killed  200 injured in bomb blast at Wagah border inPakistanPrint
A woman grieves next to the bodies of victims of the Wagah bomb blast, at a Lahore hospital on Sunday. (Source: AP photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: November 2, 2014 8:04 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 12:48 pm
At least 55 people, including children and security personnel, were killed and 200 injured in a powerful blast set off by a suicide bomber at Wagah in Pakistan on Sunday, minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the Indo-Pak border.
Officials said that it was a suicide attack. The explosion occurred in the parking area of the Wagah border. Pakistani Rangers have cordoned off the blast site.
Al-Qaeda affiliated group Jandullah has claimed responsibility for the attack, according to Express News. TV footage showed shops and nearby buildings destroyed.
 
Terror attack in Pakistan near Wagah Border is shocking. I strongly condemn such a dastardly act of terrorism.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 2, 2014
An emergency has been declared at hospitals in Lahore. “We received 35 bodies including those of women and children and 60 to 70 were wounded,” Deputy Medical Superintendent of Ghurki Hospital near the Wagah border, identified only as Dr Khurram, told TV channels.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has called for a report on the incident.
Wagah is the only road border crossing between Amritsar and Lahore. Huge crowds gather every day at the crossing to watch a “lowering of the flags” ceremony which soldiers from both countries have conducted for decades.
Inspector General, Punjab Police, Mushtaq Sukhera said, the attacker approached the gate as the crowd was vacating the parade area where the flag ceremony is held. “Our teams have confirmed that it was a suicide blast,” he said.
Earlier reports had said it could be a cylinder blast.
The IG said the bomber was stopped at the gate of the parade ground and detonated the bomb right there.
“A large number of people were returning after watching the Rangers parade ceremony when a suicide bomber blew himself up near one of the exit gates,” Sukhera said. He said three Rangers personnel were also among the dead.
“Up to 5 kg of explosive material was used,” Sukhera said.  To a question about security arrangements, he said, “The Rangers had made stringent security measures but it is difficult to check a suicide bomber.”
Imdad Husain, an eyewitness, told reporters that he was returning after watching the parade ceremony when he heard a bang.
“I fell unconscious. When I gained consciousness, there was darkness. Many injured and I cried for help, lying on the road. After 15 minutes, some rescue men shifted me to Ghurki Hospital,” he said.
Samina Bibi was also returning along with her husband and two young children when the blast took place. On the bed of the Ghurki
Hospital, she was crying and asking the doctors about her husband and children. “The doctors were comforting her saying they are alright,” Imdad said.
Punjab Emergency Services Rescue 1122 spokesman Jam Sajjad told PTI the death toll could rise.
Wagah suicide attack. Jandullah claims responsibility. Terms it retaliation to Op. Zarb-e-Azb. Militants v/s women & children. What logic.
— Sana Bucha (@sanabucha) November 2, 2014
“We have shifted about 200 injured to different hospitals of Lahore,” he said. Quoting a senior doctor at Ghurki Hospital, he said the condition of over a dozen was critical.

1st ODI Results: Dhawan  Rahane Smash Delightful Hundreds to Help India to Crush1st ODI Results: Dhawan  Rahane Smash Delightful Hundreds to Help India to Crush
No deal with NCP  the corrupt will not be spared: DevendraFadnavisBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 2, 2014 9:44 pm
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday  said that there was no “deal” with NCP in return for its unconditional support to his minority government, and asserted that anybody who is guilty of corruption would go to jail.
Fadnavis, who has retained the home portfolio, also said that he proposed to do away with the need for sanction to probe the corruption cases.
“Why should any sanction be necessary? We would make a framework…where preliminary inquiry is done and there is a prima facie evidence, no sanction should be taken. We would change the law,” Fadnavis told reporters here today.
“There is no need for discretion (for initiating a probe) for corruption cases. When you find certain prima facie evidence, why should you stop?” he said, when asked about whether he would allow the anti-corruption bureau to conduct inquiry against NCP leaders Ajit Pawar and Sunil Tatkare in connection with alleged scams in the irrigation sector.
“I will do away with mandatory government sanction to probe elected representatives, bureaucrats and police officers in corruption cases,” he said.
“There is no deal between BJP and NCP. Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi doesn’t strike deals. If someone, even from our own party, is found guilty (of corruption), that person will go to jail,” he added.
The then Maharashtra Governor had denied the CBI the sanction to prosecute former Chief Minister Ashok Chavan in the Adarsh Housing Society scam.
When asked if he might end up as another Prithviraj Chavan (who is known for personal integrity but was accused of not acting against the corrupt colleagues), Fadnavis said, “I am not Prithviraj Chavan… I am Devendra Fadnavis. My actions would speak more than my words.”

50 killed in suicide blast at Wagah border in Pak | Pakistani Taliban claim responsibilityDeath toll in Pakistan suicide attack at Wagah Border rises to 61
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 12.23PM IST
Tags:
Lahore
(Nearly 50 people, including…)
LAHORE: The death toll in the horrific suicide attack that shook Pakistan minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah climbed to 61 today, even as security agencies arrested about 20 suspects from the Indo-Pak border area.
Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among the 61 people who have died in the attack that took place yesterday when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah.
Over 100 people were injured in the incident and are being treated in different Lahore's hospitals where emergency has been declared.
The blast took place when a large number of people were returning after attending the flag lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pak land border crossing, which is heavily guarded by the Punjab Rangers.
A young suicide-bomber blew himself up near the main exit gate of Parade Avenue at 6.03 pm (local time), causing colossal devastation.
"The death toll of the devastating suicide attack at Wagah border has risen to 61. The condition of some injured is still critical and the doctors are battling to save their lives," Punjab Emergency Services Rescue spokesman Jam Sajjad told PTI.
About 43 bodies have been handed over to the families while the remaining are yet to be recognised, Sajjad said.
"We have sought the help of the National Registration Database Authority (Nadra) for recognition of 18 bodies," he said.
The law enforcement agencies have launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah and taken about 20 suspects into custody, Lahore police spokesman Niyab Haider Naqvi said.
"A joint investigation team of police, rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and rangers along with police will provide security to Ashura processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday's attack," he said.
Punjab Interior Minister Col (Retd) Shujah Khanzada said the target of the suicide bomber was the venue of the flag hoisting ceremony.
"The suicide-bomber wanted to reach the Parade Avenue to cause maximum devastation but he blew himself up near the entrance of the main gate after failing to reach the Parade Avenue," he said.
At least three militant factions have claimed the grizzly bombing. Al-Qaeda affiliated militant group Jandullah, a splinter group of the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), was first to claim responsibility of the attack.
Shortly afterwards Jamaatul Ahrar said its bomber Hafiz Hanifullah carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
According to a preliminary investigation report submitted to the Inspector General Police Punjab, Mushtaq Ahmed Sukhera, the suicide-bomber, believed to be in his early 20s, had been staying in the Wagah border area since many days.
"It is also suspected that the handlers of the suicide-bomber were also present near the blast site to ensure the execution of their plan," the report says.
At least 15 to 20 kilogrammes of explosives were used in the blast with some of the explosives in the attacker's suicide jacket and the remaining being carried by him.
The blown-up parts of the bomber have been collected and sent for DNA and forensic tests.
Meanwhile, Jammat-ud-Dawah's subsidiary Falah-e-Insaniat shifted nine dead bodies to its headquarters at Chauburji and one of its leaders led the funeral prayers for the deceased before handing over the bodies to the families.
"We have allowed the Falah-e-Insaniat to take the bodies of nine victims to Jamia Masjid Al-Qadsia Chauburji on the request of their families as they wanted to offer their funeral prayers there," Lahore's Mayo Hospital official Maqbool Ahmed said.
Punjab Law Minister Mujtaba Shujaur Rehman has termed the suicide blast a "security lapse".
"Carrying out a suicide blast at the Rangers headquarters is definitely a security lapse and very much alarming," he said, adding that the investigation agencies would have to look into how the suicide bomber managed to cross the security tiers and reached near the main entrance of the Parade Avenue.
A warning had been issued to the security agencies five days ago that "suicide bombers might target their buildings," an official of the home department told PTI.
"It seems all the focus of security has been shifted to protect Muharram processions and Wagah border became a soft target of the terrorists," he said.
An intelligence report had mentioned anti-Shia banned outfits -- Tahrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) and Lashkar-e- Jhangvi - might target Shia processions, important personalities and buildings of security agencies.
There would be no flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah for the general public for three days, a Punjab Rangers spokesman said.
"The decision has been taken to mourn the killings of the Sundays attack," he said, adding that India's BSF also told the rangers that it would also not invite the public for the ceremony for three days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ideas sought from new budget team as exercise kicks off todayIdeas sought from new budget team as exercise kicks off today
Working Smarter: Shared spaceOctober 31, 2014 4:42 pm
All in it together with shared workspaces
By Emma De Vita
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3245b332-5edb-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold prices may decline to Rs 24 500 by DecemberGold prices may decline to Rs 24 500 by December
Navy chief leaves for Kenya tripNavy chief leaves for Kenya trip
Broadcast editors  body seeks apology from VadraBroadcast editors  body seeks apology from Vadra
Suicide bombing at Wagah Border on Pakistan s side  48 killed  more than 120 injuredSuicide bombing at Wagah Border on Pakistan s side  48 killed  more than 120 injured
Committed to ensuring safety  security of sea lanes: India to MauritiusCommitted to ensuring safety  security of sea lanes: India to Mauritius
