What sets this folk festival in Jodhpur apartEYE BROWSE
Do Patrons Have Moustaches? Do Folk Musicians Have Names?
At the Rajasthan International Folk Festival in Jodhpur, where people of all backgrounds and from all over the world come together for the chance to create and listen to some great music, anything can happen. Our writers follow two stereotypes - a music lover from Bandra, a folk singer from Rajasthan - around Mehrangarh fort and are left surprised.
By Ankita Rao and Vivekananda Nemana | Grist Media –  Fri 17 Oct, 2014
Print
Folk singer Sumitra Das Goswani performs at the Rajasthan International Folk Festival. Photo courtesy RIFF
The man who we were told is Rajasthan International Folk Festival’s biggest fan has neither swaying hair nor khadi pants. He does not play any instruments, nor sing, nor – as we hoped he might – traipse through the stone passes of Mehrangarh Fort with eyes closed, an eco-friendly jug of water dangling by his side. He appears in the financial news, wearing tailored suits and talking about things like equity and market outlooks. He is solidly middle-aged. He was a fighter pilot, and claims to have never listened to music when he was young. But he is a rare modern-day patron of the fine arts, a man whose religion is good music and who has supported dozens of young performers.
In the middle of India’s biggest music fest for traditional artists – an extravagant affair backed by none other than Sir Mick Jagger and the namesake king of Jodhpur themselves, two forms of royalty – Abhay Aima was waiting for us at a palace.
The chaos of Jodhpur’s old city and the anarchy of its narrow, blue lanes seem far away from Balsamand Lake Palace, where the festival’s performers were put up alongside its most privileged guests. Like all Rajasthani palaces, it is now a five-star hotel. Turbaned guards led us past a row of elegant arched patios. Aima was sitting with a friend in a tranquil garden, drinking chai and smoking a Benson & Hedges. A breeze rustled the leaves of a willowy tree. Peacocks lazed on the lawn, and soft Hindustani music drifted through the air. We sat quietly for a moment in appreciation.
“I keep trying to find where the best music festivals are,”Aima said in the deep, delicately slurred voice of gregarious men at Bombay parties. Morocco is the furthest he’s ever been for a festival. That day at the palace he wore designer glasses and a polo shirt, and his five-day stubble and prominent nose gave him a Mahmoud Ahmadinejad sort of look.
“My first time to RIFF was seven years ago. There is a Pakistani band called Mekaal Hasan [that] I wanted to see. And that was the first time I saw Susheela Raman. The atmosphere, the presentation, the kind of surprise elements...it’s all pretty good, you know?”
It’s the surprise elements that make Jodhpur RIFF, as it’s usually dubbed, stand out in the musical festival scene. Its low-key marketing strategy includes both photos of Manganiyar artists, musicians who hail from the desert communities of Rajasthan, and more rockstar-type snapshots of performers like Ravid Kahalani of the funk-rock-blues band, Yemen Blues. But that does little to prepare you for the midnight sufis or the tipsy DJ-ed dance parties at the top of Mehrangarh Fort.
“We are seeding something,”said Divya Bhatia, director of the festival. “It’s not just about the fruit but about the seeds going forward. About the musical community going abroad.”
Bhatia said the festival is focused on the artists, and often rejects sponsorship if it doesn’t fuel their vision. Perhaps that is why the multi-generational crowd that RIFF attracts seems to be as carefully curated as the artists on stage – from Italian flautists and Australian singers to local families with a keen listening ear, for whom the fort is a usual backdrop in their daily lives. And people like Aima, who have both the love for music and the financial network needed to bring otherwise marginalized voices, as Bhatia calls them, to a larger stage.
Banker Abhay Aima is a devout presence at the RIFF every year. Photo credit: Ash Photography
For Aima, who is 52, the festival was an escape from the drudgery of his day job. As the country head of international banking and wealth management for HDFC Bank, he is one of Mumbai’s top bankers –he deals with a lot of money, and strikes fear into the hearts of many employees. But in Jodhpur he dismissed all that, preferring to talk about the love for music that trickled into his being 12 years ago, and about the weekly mehfils he stages in his terraced Bandra home. Here in his rented palace quarter, he spoke of music with the same kind of devout abstraction that the deeply religious reserve for God.
“Qawwali puts you into a trance. If you transcend your current being, that is the whole goal of yoga [spiritual practice]. It doesn’t matter who you are or who else is around you,”he said. “The music takes me to a transcendent place. The performer must have that level, going way beyond that, he has to be the thing in itself.”
“RIFF also feels like friends coming together,”added Kalpana,the friend he was sitting with, an elegantly dressed woman with perfectly coiffed hair. “That’s magical, that’s the best thing about the festival. You know, it’s such a disconnected world. Here I see connecting, connecting, connecting, and it fosters a true sense of peace.”
“Well, I guess you do have people with the same bent of mind coming together,”Aima replied. “But when music takes me there I’m just off in my own world. I don’t care about who else is around me, where I am, whatever.”
“Right!”Kalpana said. “It’s the setting, it’s the music, it is, for lack of a better word, the ultimate orgasm.”
“You know, if someone plays very wonderfully, I will feel a sense of love. Like they are the most beautiful person in the room,”Aima said.
“Which is [why] we want to be as close to the front as possible, to see their faces. But Abhay is always off by himself in some dark corner.”
When Kalpana said this, Aima had the air of someone who disagreed but was too polite to say so, and was, perhaps, trying to reconcile two different roles. Later, when we were alone, he said, “Boss I’m really just here for the music. And that’s something where I go off in my own head."
Across the city, in another palace-hotel atop a hill, a cluster of musicians teased out the last details of their set in a mix of translated Hindi and hands clapping out the taal of a bluesy jazz song set to Rajasthani singing.
Umaid Bhawan overlooks Jodhpur’s blue-tinted, anachronistic sprawl, and with its marble archways and wide-hipped fountains. You can almost see where Maharaja Umaid Singh held his parties in the early 20th century, dozens of turbaned servants bowing at the fat, gilded feet of Rajput royalty, taking orders and murmuring “hukam, hukam”.
But that Friday afternoon under the unforgiving sun, it was mostly just hot. It was hot outside where the guard took too long to verify names. Hot on the tiles leading up to palace, where a festival organizer, Mana Dhanraj, tried to greet us with bare feet. And hot in the auditorium, grand and gold with tiers of red-carpeted steps, where lanky Dutch saxophonist Yuri Honig, his jazz band, and three Rajasthani folk musicians rehearsed for the evening show.
“Rajasthani folk musicians”said the festival program ever since the line-up was introduced online. No names, no instruments, just the assumption that some local singers would somehow show up on stage next to award-winning Dutch musicians and their perfectly tuned set of music. But on stage in this empty room, there were names, and temperaments, and voices that needed to be heard.
“They’ve learned a lot from us,”said Sumitra Das Goswani, a Rajasthani folk singer, of working with Honig’s quartet. “My style doesn’t change, but they might have to adjust to my singing.”
If Goswani, a native of Pali district, were somebody with a carefully created image and name and agenda, her words may have sounded too proud; Honig is, indeed, an accomplished musician with 14 albums and an international following. But from a 25-year-old folk singer from the village of Jaitaran, a singer who silences crowds with her sharp, clear voice, the statement was delivered– and received– as fact.
Sumitra Das Goswani performs at the RIFF with the Yuri Honig quartet. Photo courtesy RIFF
Goswani’s is not the image you think of when picturing a star of an international music festival– she’s neither the ancient, desert-weathered folk singer of years past nor the foreign national headlining the stage. She is petite, though softly rounded out, and wears traditional ghaghra cholis in warm pinks and reds. And doggedly professional: throughout the day the delicate features on her pleasant face remain settled in a calm, almost stoic composition, her words measured and simple.
She brought the same sort of stillness to the rehearsal – explaining to the dholki player how to bring his beats in sync with the jazz drummer, or looking up at Honig to carefully memorize the notes he planned to play during her feature piece in the evening. At Umaid Bhavan it was only Goswani who seemed to understand the nuances of each instrument in the ensemble, jazz or Rajasthani. Her hands undulated with the rhythm of the drums or curled up as if to strike a chord along with the pianist. She and Honig had worked together before, and the conversation between her sharp, clear voice and his swanky, smooth saxophone was a comfortable romance of sound.
Just before Goswani’s performance that evening, we found Aima in the shadows all the way to the right of the stage, away from the crowd and against the fort’s huge stone walls, smoking and staring at the stage with rapt attention.He was seated on the ground with Archita Bhattacharya, an employee of his and a Hindustani singer whom he supports. Aima was in a state of solitude during the performances and could not sit still – when the music captivated him, he walked up to the stage, standing with an arm draped over the speaker, walking back when he felt less enthused.
Under beams of steely blue and warm yellow light, and a night speckled with stars, the performance began on the main festival stage. Goswani sat elevated on a platform, wearing an orange polka-dotted ghagra choli with hints of red on her sleeves and skirt.
She told us she was never nervous before a performance, no matter who was in the audience, or how large the crowd. “After so many times, so many songs, why should I be?”
Instead she thought of her family when singing – her brothers and sisters who often come to attend her concerts when she performs in Rajasthan. And her late father, local folk musician Sajjan Das, who trained her from the age of eight with a homemade harmonium in their village. When she sings bhajans or devotional songs, Goswani said, she thinks of how to bring his soul peace through her voice.
When it was time for Goswani’s feature, Honing enthusiastically introduced her to the crowd – about three hundred people filling up the neat rows of white fabric chairs and the aisles of the courtyard. It was the lanky saxophonist himself who had insisted that she play with his quarter for this festival after discovering a “much younger”Goswani singing in a video clip on a producer’s desktop about five years ago.
“She knocked me straight out of the water,”Honig said.
The song she had chosen for the evening, a bhajan celebrating the poet Kabir, was sultry and melodic in this rendition, conjuring both the vast desert and swank of an urban jazz club. For six minutes, the full range of Goswani’s deep voice was on display, her hands again tracing the notes to their height and grounding them in the earth with her fingers clasped close to her palm.
The mood in the fort reached fever pitch when the Dutch saxophonist cut in, picking up perfectly from where she left off, gorgeous, howling jazz flowing out of his instrument like poetry. The saxophonist and Goswani riffed off each other, his jazz and her folk fusing like they were never meant to be apart. Bhattacharya shouted “Oh my god! Oh my god!”Someone spilled their drink. “Fuuuuuuck,”said a twenty-something in Gucci eyeglasses and Converse sneakers. The crowd was near tears, but Aima didn’t speak or move. He was transfixed. The sax went on.
“I can’t even explain in words what’s happening,”he said later. “I would take the sax guy home, yaar. He’s pure, unadulterated sex.”
“Oh, he’s staying at your place, is it?”joked Bhattacharya.
“Well it’s the only time I’m bisexual, man, when I hear that kind of music!”Aima laughed. “And that singer’s voice, it really cuts into your”– he stopped, pointing at his heart.
After she stepped off stage Goswani was led to a room tucked alongside one of the fort corridors, where she settled into a soft armchair to observe the buzz of backstage staff, journalists and artists sipping on beers and refilling their plates. She smiled and half-whispered Thank You when people come to her with effusive compliments. But unlike her accompanying artists, she didn’t make small talk.
“I’m used to this life,”she said of her packed schedule, her days on the road. “I don’t get tired anymore. All of it is bringing me to my dream.”
Her dream is for more people to hear her voice. To sing for the president. To continue visiting other countries, as she has begun to do with the help of the Jaipur Virasat Foundation and artists like Honig, and continue making her family proud. And if YouTube statistics hold any weight in the world of Indian folk music, she is making decent traction – tens of thousands of hits on every video of her singing, with dozens of supportive comments underneath.
When there was a lull in the room she quickly gathered her things to leave. She had to perform the next morning at dawn.
If Goswani has grown beyond her Rajasthan village to take on the world with her music, Aima has forgotten, for a moment, his life as a financial titan to become a classical patron of the arts. In a music landscape dominated by Bollywood, where commercial success is bestowed on the likes of Yo Yo Honey Singh, Aima sees himself as providing a small platform for musicians who are exploring traditional sounds, and trying to get recognized for their talent. The weekly mehfils in his Bandra home attract both upcoming and well-respected musicians, as well as stalwarts in the arts industry like Javed Bashir, the Pakistani playback singer, or Ajay Pohankar, the classical vocalist. He sees them as a way to support artists monetarily as well as provide them with exposure. A mehfil at his home earlier this week, for instance, was attended by Divya Bhatia, the festival director of RIFF. Having met Bhatia some 10 days before the festival, he also convinced HDFC to contribute to RIFF and raised a modest amount of funds for it.
“I’ve been more than lucky, so it’s natural for me to return as much of it as possible,”he says. “So can I be instrumental in helping artists achieve what they want to achieve?”
Bhattacharya, who is a regular fixture at Aima’s mehfils, says they have given her a chance to perform for other artists and directors, and showcase her talent in a difficult industry.
“He’s one of the biggest aficionados of music, and he shows a lot of concern for musicians,”she says. “India has a lot of young talent, but they need people to recognize them. We need a lot of Abhay Aimas to bring the artists forward.’
“In office, Abhay Aima is like a god to us,”she went on. “Everybody is scared of him. But I know him as a different person. Music brings out a different Abhay.”
For the last performance on the main stage, musicians handpicked from various performances throughout the four-day festival came onto the stage for a midnight jam session that would last till early morning. The crowd was wild: the woman standing next to us shook her hands in the air screaming, “How is this possible? This is silly! This is amazing!”while another screamed for her sons to join her at the foot of the stage so they wouldn’t miss what happens when a Carnatic singer takes control of a stage with guitars, hand drums, a fiddle, an oud, dholkis, a harmonium, flute and a khartal. It was noisy, perfect chaos oscillating between moments of the best music you’ve ever heard and the underlying tension of the Carnatic and Scottish singers with one microphone.
In Aima’s corner, a crowd of performers and young attendees had gathered, laughing and sloshing their beers and dancing. But Aima was not part of the celebration. He had wandered off alone towards the stage, quietly watching the performance with one hand on his chin until the last beat.
Ankita Rao is a Mumbai-based freelance journalist. Follow her at @anrao or on her website ankitarao.com .
Vivekananda Nemana is a freelance journalist and author of an upcoming book on tribal youth in India’s Maoist heartland. Follow him on Twitter @vnemana, or on his blog, Brown White and Blue .
Recommend

What KP s book should have been calledMore
What KP's book should have been called
[SATIRE] And what to do with yourself if you are a sleep guru (yes, there is such a thing)
By Trish Plunket | ESPNcricinfo –  Fri 17 Oct, 2014 12:20 PM IST
Tweet
0
Pietersen's book is displayed during his book signing in London.What would have been a more appropriate title for KP : The Autobiography? asks Braugh Dee
Well, it could have featured his name rather than his initials - except that as I discussed a while back, Kevin seems to be the most uncool name in the English-speaking universe.
It could also feature the name of the ghost writer who actually put fingers to keyboard on the thing (there are some players you could convince me wrote their own books, but KP isn't one.)
Other title suggestions:
The Secret Diary of Kevin Pietersen , age 34 and 1/3
KP 's Slam Book
You want to know what I texted last summer?
Dishing Dirt on Ex-Team-mates, Plus a Whole Lot of Stuff About Me
How do you eliminate the problem of chucking from cricket? asks Ben L Baugh
Cease to make it a problem. Really, this chucking witch-hunt, with its degrees of flex, testing with technology so advanced it takes a specialist team to do it, reports and bans, and being allowed to bowl some balls and not others, and that weird thing Shoaib Akhtar used to do with his elbow… I think whoever makes these decisions needs to realise it's not any worse now than it used to be and getting pedantic over it is little more than a distraction.
In fact, I want to sit the personification of the ICC down, clip it over the back of the head and say: "Chucking? Not the problem! There are so many other problems to deal with in cricket, like match-fixing, and screwing over of smaller countries, the way TV corporations are buying boards, the demise of Test cricket! Your focus on players chucking is kind of like freaking out over the gutters being clogged when your house is burning down!"
Either that or make everyone bowl in a brace.
Complete the sentence: Pakistan without Ajmal are like New Zealand without… asks Sad Edge Mel
Daniel Vettori . In that they are both really old, continuing to play despite some fairly dodgy circumstances, and probably should have stopped some time ago. Does Ajmal do that weird thing with his tongue?
My team-mate is writing nasty things about me in his book. How should I retaliate? Sneaky Stu
You could grow up and get over it? Like the mature adult I'm going to assume you are?
Except, of course, you won't do that. And fair enough, neither would I. You could perhaps hold a press conference and tell the world that this ex-team-mate of yours is just a complete fool with a limited grasp of the truth.
Perhaps, if you wish to fully and completely rebut him, you could write a long column about how much of a fool he is, taking him on point by point. You alternatively could write a really long column about how you aren't stooping so low as to reply to his slander and that the view from your moral high ground is so good.
I am a sleep guru looking for a job in cricket. Who can I approach? asks Phot E Vinx
You're a what? How can you be a "guru" in something that every goddamn human being is proficient in at birth? I can nap like I'm getting paid to do it but that doesn't make me a sleep guru, it makes me a bad person to plan things with on Sunday afternoons.
But. Your question. I think you should approach the ECB for next time they have to go to Australia. Anything that lets them get over jetlag earlier and possibly allows them to get less homesick is something I'm pretty sure they'd be into. Even if it comes from a scientifically dubious, probably money-grubbing "sleep guru". Or you could approach Australia. Or you could prove you're not after money and offer to help the Black Caps, because they have to deal with jetlag whenever they go anywhere and don't have much cash at all.
But really, I think you should go sit in the corner and contemplate the fact you are the reason we cannot have nice things.
Leave your questions in the comments below
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

DB (International) Stock Brokers standalone net profit rises 21.88% in the September 2014 quarterDB (International) Stock Brokers standalone net profit rises 21.88% in the September 2014 quarter
Better Yes. Best No.Better Yes. Best No.
Indian ADRs: ICICI  HDFC Bank rally 2-3%; IT stocks fallIndian ADRs: ICICI  HDFC Bank rally 2-3%; IT stocks fall
Before becoming CEA  Arvind Subramanian touted Kerala resilience versus Gujarat growthBefore becoming CEA  Arvind Subramanian touted Kerala resilience versus Gujarat growth
Broking share in revenue pie won t be more than 10%: Rashesh ShahBroking share in revenue pie won't be more than 10%: Rashesh Shah
Sachin P.Mampatta | Mumbai Oct 17, 2014 07:10 PM IST
Edelweiss Financial Services Limited runs one of India's leading institutional brokerages, but the broking business only contributes around 6.9 per cent to total revenues despite the recent pick-up in equities. Fund-based activities, which includes its lending business, contributes over 80 per cent.
Consolidated net profit available to shareholders for the September quarter came in at Rs. 79.24 crore. The figure is up 1.26 per cent over the previous quarter and 71.96 per cent over the same quarter last year. In a qna with Sachin P. Mampatta, Rashesh Shah, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer said that the broking segment is expected to do well, but is not expected to account for more than 10 per cent of the overall revenues in the days ahead. He added that while futures and options account for most of the volumes, it is the cash segment which contributes most to broking revenues.
Edited Excerpts:
What is the outlook for growth in the lending business?
The credit side of the business has been growing at around 30 per cent for the past few years. It can continue to do so for some time. Other businesses are also increasing their footprint. Commodities has been expanded to now include both agri-commodities as well as precious metals. The asset management, broking and related businesses are also doing well.
The market regulator has increased the networth requirements for mutual funds. How is your asset management business capitalized?
We are well capitalized in the asset management business. We have a networth of between Rs.70-100 crore.
How is the insurance business doing?
We started with a fairly high networth of Rs.600 crore in the insurance business. We have around 58-59 offices. We are trying to grow with a focus on the agency channel and alternate channel.
Your employee benefits are up 70 per cent over the previous year, is talent getting more expensive to retain in the new bull market?
The numbers are also up because we have added a lot of people especially in light of the growth in the agri-commodities and precious metals space. We have hired another 150 people and continue to increase numbers.
Do you expect to see a greater contribution from the broking segment in light of the pick-up in equities?
In our business the broking segment could contribute around 10 per cent of the revenue. Other related business like investment banking could contribute another 10 per cent. So overall, we could see a 20 per cent contribution from the capital market division.
How would you say domestic institutional investors are placed?
The participation from domestic institutions such as mutual funds has increased after the recent run-up in the market and inflows that have started to come into the market. I think our average daily volumes in the first half would have shown a growth of 30-40 per cent.
Any change in broking yield?
Our broking yield has stabilized over the last 2-3 quarters. Interestingly, 70-75 per cent of our commissions are coming from the cash segment in equities, compared to around 30 per cent from derivatives although derivatives contribute to most of the equity volumes.

Weekly Wrap: Sensex posts another weekly lossWeekly Wrap: Sensex posts another weekly loss
Rupee closes for week at 61.44 against US dollarRupee closes for week at 61.44 against US dollar
Handling cost at Vallarpadam to go downHandling cost at Vallarpadam to go down
India on fast growth track under Modi: Osamu SuzukiIndia on fast growth track under Modi: Osamu Suzuki
Achhe Din globally may make it easier for Narendra Modi govtYou are here: Home > Collections > Iea
Low crude oil and other commodity prices globally to bring respite to Narendra Modi government
ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 10.38AM IST
Tags:
achhe din
(Petrol prices are at a 16-month…)
Global commodities have tumbled in recent months, ending an extended bull run that had hurt India by widening the current account and fiscal deficits, besides raising subsidies and weakening the rupee . All this is now reversing. Petrol prices are at a 16-month low, cooking oil and rubber are at a five-year low. Sugar and cotton are also down. This augurs well for a lower rate of inflation .
Why is oil falling?
Supply has increased substantially while demand outlook is weak
US shale output has risen significantly
OPEC shows no signs of cutting output
Saudi Arabia not willing to bear burden. It increased Sep output 0.5% to 9.65 million barrels per day
IEA has cut global energy demand forecast four months in a row
IMF has scaled down the outlook for global economic growth
Has oil bottomed out?
Bank of America and BNP Paribas SA say prices to hold above $80 a barrel
Analysts divided, but oil rose to $87 on Friday
Oil below $80 can make some shale fields unviable
Saudi Arabia may let oil fall to keep some suppliers out
Oil likely to fall further if OPEC does not cut supply
OPEC supplies only 40% of global oil.
What can make oil rise again?
Revival in economic growth in Europe and Asia Any output cut by OPEC Turmoil in the Middle East spikes to disrupt supply
Does oil affect other commodities?
Impacts Sugar. More cane is used for sugar, as ethanol unattractive at low oil prices
Reflects weak economic growth which affects other commodities
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money: Modi govt won t reveal names of tax evadersModi government won't reveal names of tax evaders, says divulging info can hurt diplomatic ties
ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 08.15AM IST
Tags:
Black Money
(In an application to the…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government made a volte face of sorts on Friday when it cited the same reasons that the previous Congress-led regime had given to keep secret the names of people who have allegedly stashed black money in overseas accounts.
In an application to the Supreme Court , which had directed the government to reveal those names, the government said such a step would lead to violation of the nation's existing double-taxation-avoidance agreements with other countries.
Revealing the bank account details without even establishing prima facie grounds to establish any wrongdoing would also amount to an invasion of privacy, it said. One of BJP's poll promises was to recover the black money parked in foreign banks, which some reports peg at as much as Rs 70,000 crore. The party had accused the Congress of being unwilling to bring back the money and book the tax evaders. On Friday, Attorney General Mukul Rohtagi urged the court to tweak its order to reveal the names to Ram Jethmalani , the senior lawyer and a former BJP minister who had filed a public interest litigation on the matter.
The Congress seized upon the opportunity, with spokesman Abhishek Singhvi saying that the development has exposed the "hypocrisy" of the Modi government. "Will the Prime Minister apologise for giving false hopes to the public," he asked.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley denied the allegation that his government was reluctant to reveal the names of tax evaders. "Where is the question of propaganda? We have no problems in making the names public under the due process of law, and the treaty commitment by a previous government, whether good or bad, is process of law," he said.
The government's application said it could share information only on cases in which the government had initiated criminal prosecution and hence the cases were in the court. In such cases, the information is anyway available in public domain, it added. Rohtagi urged the court to hear the plea soon.
He said countries sharing such reciprocal information had objected to revealing that of to the public. "If you want to get information from other countries, we have to abide by treaties," the AG said. This prompted Jethmalani, who is no more part of the BJP, to accuse the new government of trying to "protect the culprits".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Anyone can be a victim of molestation: Mary KomComments
The nation might be celebrating Mary Kom’s gold at the Incheon Asian Games, but the champion boxer disclosed that she was allegedly molested during a camp in Rohtak some time back. “I was out for a walk when a man came from behind and touched me. The incident happened in 2004,” she told HT on Wednesday.
Mary was witness to another incident in the Capital in 2006. “I was passing through Lodi Colony with my friend, Jennifer, when two men on a bike approached us and patted her,” said Mary.
What happened in Delhi occurred again back home in Manipur. “I was going to the church when a rickshaw puller tried to molest me. I chased him with a slipper but he managed to escape. Such shameless acts happen not only in Delhi, they can occur anywhere, to anybody,” said the assistant superintendent of police in Manipur.
The five-time world champion rued the fact that while the nation was celebrating her success at the Asiad, people from the north-east were being subjected to hate crimes in parts of the country.
On Tuesday, a Manipuri student was attacked in Bangalore, and a day later two men from Nagaland were brutally beaten up in Gurgaon.
“We are Indians, our medals are for India. Discrimination should not happen to anyone. It is unfortunate, but before jumping to a conclusion one should find out who was at fault. No one has the right to beat or kill anyone,” said Mary.
Sarita Devi, who also hails from Manipur and won a bronze in boxing at Incheon, echoed Mary’s view.
“People should understand that we are also Indians and love our country. We compete for India not for a particular state. Every Indian should feel proud that people from the north-east are contributing to India’s success. Earlier, people did not know where Manipur was, but because of sport, India is now celebrating our success.”

Gear up for  invisible enemy   Modi tells militaryGear up for 'invisible enemy', Modi tells military
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 17, 2014
First Published: 21:09 IST(17/10/2014) | Last Updated: 09:01 IST(18/10/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday told India’s top military commanders that full-scale wars may become rare in the future but they would have to be prepared to deal with the threat from the "invisible enemy".
Modi’s comments come at a time when unprovoked Pakistani aggression has ratcheted up tensions along the Line of Control and the international border in Jammu & Kashmir and Chinese incursions continue to be a sticking point. The PM said force would remain an “instrument of deterrence and influencing behaviour”.
In his first address at the combined commanders’ conference, the PM said future security challenges would be less predictable, with fast-evolving situations and technology. “The threats may be known, but the enemy may be invisible,” he said.
Read: PM Modi meets top military officers
Modi said control of space could become as critical as that of land, air and sea. Controlling cyber space, he added, would be important as well.
At a time when several defence deals have been mired in corruption allegations, the Prime Minister asked the defence establishment to reform procurement processes and suggest corrective measures to avoid delays in indigenous production of equipment.
Modi asked the military to upgrade technological skills, assuring that his government would provide adequate resources to overcome shortages and meet modernisation targets.
“When we speak of Digital India, we would also like to see a digital armed force,” he said.
Calling for greater synergy between the three services, Modi suggested that future conferences could be organised on warships, at forward army camps and airbases, and not just in Delhi.
He said the world was expecting India to emerge not only as one of the pillars of the global economy, but also as an anchor of regional and global security.
The PM said that peace and security were essential for India to achieve its goals of economic development.

Dhawan trying hard to overcome weakness against spinSpin on Shikhar Dhawan's mind
The India opener is training hard to overcome weakness against the spinners.
By Baidurjo Bhose | Mail Today –  Fri 17 Oct, 2014 12:58 PM IST
Tweet
0
Shikhar Dhawan found wanting.New Delhi: The extended break between the second and fourth ODIs between India and West Indies — thanks to the cancellation of the third match in Visakhapatnam — provided the players an opportunity to either enjoy themselves or work on the weaknesses in their game.
And while most Indian players decided to skip optional training at the Ferozeshah Kotla on Wednesday, Shikhar Dhawan decided to redress his woes against the turning ball.
While Indian batsmen are known to be naturally aggressive against spinners, the left-handed opener has been found wanting in his last few outings against them.
Be it the red ball or the white one, Dhawan has found the going tough in all formats of the game.
In fact, while spinners have dismissed him twice in his last three Test matches, they have also got the better of him twice in his last three ODI innings.
Hence, it wasn’t surprising to see him work for close to an hour with local Delhi spinners with assistant coach Sanjay Bangar for company at the Kotla.
Dhawan has made no bones about the fact that he has struggled against spinners and has been working at it with the support staff.
“I have been working with the coach, but that doesn’t mean I will never be out to spinners again. I am enjoying batting against off-spinners and getting better. During T20 games, I was getting leg before wicket, but now I am getting bowled, so that’s a different thing (laughs),” he said.
His personal coach Madan Sharma has asked Dhawan to eradicate the flaw that has crept into his game.
“Sometimes when you keep playing for some time, flaws automatically creep in. The problem with him is that he was trying the shot over mid- wicket a bit too much and so I asked him to try the uppish drive over cover. Unless he tries to play on the mind of the opposition spinners, they will keep pegging him back,” Sharma told Mail Today.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Amid Ebola fears in US  NYT chooses to focus on India s  health crisisAmid Ebola fears in US  NYT chooses to focus on India s  health crisis
Onward Technologies consolidated net profit rises 16.38% in the September 2014 quarterOnward Technologies consolidated net profit rises 16.38% in the September 2014 quarter
Congress seeks apology from PM over black money issueCongress seeks apology from PM over black money issue
Supreme Court grants bail to Jayalalithaa in DA caseEYE BROWSE
Supreme Court grants bail to Jayalalithaa in DA case
The AIADMK leader was convicted and sentenced for four years and fined Rs 100 crore for disproportionately amassing about Rs 66 crore outside her known sources of income.
Yahoo India –  Fri 17 Oct, 2014
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has granted interim bail to AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa, who was sentenced to four years in jail in a high-profile corruption case that has lasted nearly two decades.
Alongwith Jayalalithaa, her aide Sasikala and two others have also been granted bail.
Jayalalithaa was granted bail of grounds of ill health.
Her lawyer told the court that the 66-year-old politician had been unwell since she was interned in a Bangalore prison following her conviction, prosecution lawyer Subramaniam Swamy said.
"The court has given her bail on medical grounds. She is not supposed to go out of her house or receive any visitors. Jayalalithaa's lawyer has also assured court she will write a letter to her party workers and appeal for no use of violence in Tamil Nadu," said lawyer and BJP leader Subramanian Swamy.
Celebrations erupted outside Jayalalithaa's AIADMK party office in Chennai, with television showing her supporters dancing, distributing sweets and pouring milk on her pictures.
Swamy said the court sought assurance from Jayalalitha that her fans wouldn't resort to street demonstrations to protest her innocence and attack her political rivals.
An apex court bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu said that all four will be released on bail subject to the satisfaction of the condition by the trial court.
The court made it clear that Jayalalithaa and three others will complete their appeal with all relevant documents before the high court in a matter of two months and thereafter, it will ask the high court to expedite and complete the hearing on the appeal within three months.
The court told senior counsel Fali S Nariman, appearing for Jayalalithaa, that it will not grant a day more to his client if they don't complete the paperwork of their appeal before the high court with all the documents within a span of two months.
The AIADMK leader was convicted and sentenced for four years and fined Rs 100 crore for disproportionately amassing about Rs 66 crore outside her known sources of income.
The former Tamil Nadu chief minister was on October 7 refused bail by the Karnataka High Court, which held that there were no grounds for grant of bail to the AIADMK leader.
Justice A.V. Chandrashekara, who heard Jayalalithaa's petition, also declined to suspend her four-year jail term even after Special Public Prosecutor G. Bhavani Singh submitted he had no objection to her bail application.
Jayalalithaa invoked section 389 of the Code of Criminal Procedure seeking the suspension of her sentence and grant of bail till the pendency of her appeal against the trial court order convicting her and sentencing her to four years in jail.
"No sufficient grounds for suspension of the sentence. The Supreme Court clearly indicated that corruption violates human rights and leads to economic imbalance," the judge said in his interim order.
The judge also found no prime facie ground for granting bail to the 66-year-old Jayalalithaa.
Noted jurist Ram Jethmalani appeared for Jayalalithaa as defence counsel.
The bail petitions of Jayalalithaa's associates - former close associate Sasikala Natarajan, estranged former foster son V.K. Sudhakaran and former aide J. Ilavarasi - were also rejected on the same grounds.
Earlier, in his 90-minute deposition, Jethmalani assured the judge that his client (Jayalalithaa) would abide by any condition put forth for bail, as she was a law abiding citizen and would not flee the country.
But this argument cut no ice with the judge.
A special court here Sep 27 convicted Jayalalithaa for corruption when she was chief minister in 1991-96 and jailed her for four years of simple imprisonment.
She was also fined Rs.100 crore under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The other three were also sentenced to four years in jail and fined Rs 10 crore each.
The bail petitions were posted for hearing by a regular bench Tuesday by a special bench of the high court Oct 1.
Recommend

Pakistan Rangers resort to unprovoked firing in JammuPakistan Rangers resort to unprovoked firing in Jammu
Pakistan Army again violates ceasefire on LoCPakistan Army again violates ceasefire on LoC
IANS Oct 18, 2014, 10.01AM IST
("Pakistan firing was effectively…)
JAMMU: Jammu:(IANS) Pakistan Army has resorted to unprovoked overnight firing at Indian positions on the Line of Control (LoC) in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir, defence sources said.
The sources told IANS in winter capital Jammu, "Pakistan Army started unprovoked firing at our positions in Hamirpur sector of Poonch district at 8.55 p.m. Friday using automatics and small arms."
"Pakistan firing was effectively retaliated by our side using same calibre weapons. Firing exchanges continued in the area for nearly an hour," the sources said.
"No casualty or damage has been reported from our side."
This is the third violation by Pakistan army on the LoC in Hamirpur sector that has taken place during the last three days.
Pakistan Rangers resorted to unprecedented peace-time shelling of civilian habitations on the international border in Jammu district Oct 6.
The ceasefire violations were later extended by Pakistan Rangers to Samba and Kathua districts while its army started violating the ceasefire on the LoC in the Poonch district.
Eight people have been killed and 62 injured in Pakistan shelling of civilian habitations in the Jammu region since October 6.
Over 30,000 residents of border villages are living in relief camps set up in areas not vulnerable to Pakistan shelling, away from the international border in Jammu, Samba and Kathua districts.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money: Swiss ready to share data with ...Arun Jaitley
(The amount of Indian money…)
NEW DELHI: India and Switzerland have been able to achieve a breakthrough in their deadlock over banking secrecy laws in the European nation that prevented tax authorities from being able to unearth black money, a day-one priority for the Narendra Modi-led NDA government.
The agreement will not only let Indian tax authorities keep tabs on their countrymen who spend large amounts of money in Switzerland but, as part of an accord covering four areas, they can also obtain information about accounts in the socalled 'HSBC list' if it can be confirmed that independent investigations are being conducted into them.
"The government of India is taking all necessary steps to access tax-related information from foreign governments," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday, detailing the progress made on this front with Switzerland. "Black money stashed abroad will be brought back."
India had received the HSBC list of account-holders cited above from France through a bilateral treaty but Switzerland has so far refused to give out any information regarding this, saying that it was based on stolen data. It has been widely reported that the list originated from information stolen by a disgruntled HSBC Geneva employee in 2011.
Agreement Concluded in Bern
"A breakthrough was reached that in cases where there is independent investigation in India and evidence is collected in India, those details in relation to those accounts will be provided even if those accounts are on the HSBC list. So that absolute prohibition which the Swiss have imposed no longer exists," the finance minister said.
The two sides concluded their agreement in Bern earlier this week. The Indian team was led by revenue secretary Shaktikanta Das and the Swiss side by his counterpart Jacques de Watteville. Switzerland has also agreed to validate the authenticity of bank documents besides banking and non-banking information in a time-bound manner that will make Indian tax investigations robust besides allowing officials to realise levies well in time. Tax authorities were sometimes unable to initiate proceedings and winkle out dues owing to delays in the availability of information. Das declined to give details of non-banking transactions that could be reported.
The European country has also agreed to begin deliberations with India on the automatic exchange of information (AEOI) framework and provide timebound details in pending cases. Switzerland and other tax havens have come under increasing global pressure to ease confidentiality rules as governments seek to pursue those accused of evading taxes as well as criminals and terrorists trying to hide money trails. Several cases initiated by the Indian authorities have been stuck because authorities in the European tax haven have refused to divulge information, citing the banking secrecy laws that have long made it a refuge for those seeking to deposit large amounts of money with few questions asked.
The Narendra Modi government, which set up a special investigation team to probe black money on its first day in office, is giving high priority to tackling unaccounted money and tax evasion through non-intrusive methods. The focus has thus shifted toward getting and using information received from different countries effectively through the use of information technology.
The amount of Indian money parked in Swiss banks rose by more than 40% to Rs 14,000 crore at the end of 2013 from Rs 9,000 crore at the end of 2012, according to Swiss central bank estimates. India itself tracks a number of high-value transactions including investments in mutual funds, property, jewellery purchases and overseas travel though annual information returns as also other means.
The government allows Indians to have bank accounts overseas but any money held there should be tax paid and also disclosed to the local tax authorities. There has been a growing perception over the past few years that several Indians have stashed black money in tax havens taking advantage of secrecy laws.
Under global pressure, Switzerland had agreed to ease its rules on confidentiality in recent years and also signed a revised tax treaty with India in 2011 to facilitate greater flow of information on tax evaders. It has now also agreed to enter into discussions with India on automatic information exchange as per globally accepted models. India is one of the early adopters of the new global information-exchange regime.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India aims to boost investment in AfricaIndia aims to boost investment in Africa
IANS Oct 18, 2014, 09.17AM IST
(India's investments in…)
UNITED NATIONS: India aims to boost investment in industrial, economic and social sectors of Africa as the 54-nation continent tries to ramp up development to alleviate poverty, the UN General Assembly was told Friday.
"Scaled-up investments in infrastructure, both economic and social, as well as in productive capacity for industrial development are needed," Amit Narang, a Counsellor at India's UN Mission, said. "This is an area of priority for India's partnership with Africa as well."
"Sustained and robust inclusive economic growth is indispensable for eradicating poverty and therefore also a central policy objective," he said speaking at the UNGA session on New Partnership for Africa'sDevelopment (NEPAD). India attaches high importance to the programme's goal of "broad-based and equitable economic growth that allows Africa to reduce poverty and better integrate into the global economy," he added.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon noted the growing cooperation between and India and Africa in his progress report on NEPAD, saying, "Indian investment in Africa has surged, with major investments in information and communications technology, energy, engineering, chemicals, pharmaceuticals and automobiles sectors."
Narang said that India's partnership is aligned with Africa's own development priorities and trade has grown 31 percent annually between 2005 and 2011 and is now estimated to be over US$ 72 billion. Indian Investment in Africa is estimated to be over US$ 35 billion and in the last decade, India has provided more than US$6.7 billion in concessional lines of credit for African countries, which is more than two-thirds of the total such credit extended by the country, he said.
A report by the consulting company, KPMG, said, "India has become one of the leading investors in African countries, with investments in joint ventures and wholly owned subsidiaries touching the $33 billion mark." The investments take in a wide range of sectors including oil and gas, pharmaceuticals, petrochemicals, IT, fertilisers and infrastructure," the report, "India Investing in South Africa and Africa," said.
About the contributions investments make, the report said, "India's investments in agriculture and telecommunications may also have more of a direct economic impact on the lives of ordinary Africans, 70 percent of whom are engaged in some form of agriculture, and at least 30 percent of whom have access to a mobile phone."
Indian telecommunications company, Bharti Airtel, is a major player in the area, having acquired the African operations of Zain Telecommunications for an estimated US$10.7 billion in 2010. The company says it has 70 million subscribers in 17 African countries.
Looking to the future, a report by the World Trade Organisation and Confederation of Indian Industry said India-Africa trade is projected to reach US$ 90 billion by 2015.
The report said, "Information, communication and technology (ICT) has been a significant feature of India and Africa's trade and capacity building initiatives" with many Indian IT companies, including NIIT Wipro and HCL, having entered Africa's IT sector.
It highlighted the work of India's Pan-African e-Network Project which offers tele-education and telemedicine solutions to over 47 African countries. The report said that under the project, India plans to connectivity between heads of state in addition to supporting e-governance, e-commerce, infotainment, resource mapping, meteorological and other services.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Role of DLF I-bankers under Sebi lensCitigroup
(I-banks involved in the…)
MUMBAI: Securities & Exchange Board of India (Sebi) may examine the role of merchant bankers in DLF's maiden equity offering in 2007, a prospect that has caused considerable disquiet among the fraternity. Though the capital market regulator is yet to send a legal notice to any of the investment banks involved with the real estate developer's initial public offer (IPO), bankers are worried about the implications of the recent Sebi order on the way they operate.
Some bankers are in touch with Sebi officials to understand the regulator's thinking about the ambit of their responsibility when it comes to disclosures made by clients, said three senior investment bankers aware of the interactions with the regulators. They spoke on condition of anonymity.
On Monday, Sebi barred DLF and its promoters from accessing the capital markets for three years for not disclosing material information to investors. DLF on Friday filed an appeal before the Securities Appellate Tribunal — a quasi-judicial body — challenging the order. I-banks involved in the IPO were DSP Merrill Lynch, Kotak, Citigroup, Lehman Brothers, Deutsche Equities, ICICI Securities, UBS Securities and SBI Capital Markets.
I-bankers Plead Helplessness
The crux of the argument put forward by worried merchant bankers is that they essentially outsource the legal compliance and drafting of the prospectus to law firms. They also rely upon the word of auditors when it comes to disclosures. Importantly, they say they have no wherewithal to carry out detailed due diligence in areas that are the domain of law firms and auditors.
"Investment bankers primarily rely on chartered accountants and lawyers to verify the information provided by the company for a public offer. We don't do independent due diligence," said an i-banker with a local investment bank. "For tax issues, bankers verify with the chartered accountants and other company-related matters with the lawyers. In fact, in the prospectus, investment bankers say the information documented is based on disclosures given by chartered accountants and lawyers as it's re-validated and confirmed by them. Bankers only file it with Sebi," he said.
The primary responsibility to make sure that all disclosures have been made does indeed rest upon the company and its directors, lawyers say. But merchant bankers have to ensure they carry out proper due diligence.
"From a regulatory perspective, the disclosure obligation cannot be contracted away. The regulator will penalise those it can under the law. However, there are two aspects — first, under the relevant regulations and guidelines, which will be enforced by the regulator against those who it regulates; and second, under the contractual relationship between the company and its advisors, which will be enforced by the parties to the contract," said Suhail Nathani, partner of law firm Economic Laws Practice.
The company, in a press statement, on Monday said its board was guided by and acted on the advice of eminent legal advisors, merchant bankers and audit firms while formulating its offer documents. Some lawyers said the regulator can proceed against merchant bankers as well as audit firms following the precedent set by the travails of Price Waterhouse — the auditors of erstwhile Satyam Computers, which imploded in 2008.
Unlike merchant bankers, law firms and auditors are not registered with Sebi, but if they provide advice on dealing in securities market then they can come under the regulator's jurisdiction as they are persons associated with the securities market. In 2010, the Bombay High Court ruled on a writ petition filed by Price Waterhouse challenging Sebi's jurisdiction over it that audit forms could come under the market regulator's scanner if there was a criminal nexus between a company and its auditors. There has been no further development in the matter since then.
"On the lines of the Price Waterhouse judgement, one would not be surprised if SEBI chooses to intiate action against merchant bankers to the issue, if they are found negligent or accomplice in the suppression of true and correct position. Sebi has already issued orders against DLF, which would go a long way from corporate governance standard point of view," said Vaneesa Abhishek, a practising lawyer.
In DLF's red herring prospectus, it was stated that Sebi reserves the right to take up at any point of time, with the book runners, any irregularities or lapses in the prospectus. "Under the code of conduct for merchant bankers, they are required to exercise due diligence and make all efforts to protect the interests of investors. They are also responsible for ensuring that adequate disclosures are made to investors in accordance with applicable regulations. Merchant bankers are also supposed to certify that the disclosures made in the prospectus are true, fair and adequate," Abhishek said.

Draft  Internet-of-Things  policy sees biz w...deity
(Internet of things is a latest…)
BANGALORE|NEW DELHI: The Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeitY) on Friday laid out a draft policy on Internet-of things in India, envisioning the IoT industry to be worth $15 billion by 2020. "We had a meeting on July 31 in Delhi where we called different stakeholders - academia, industry - and we had a discussion on what is the approach for IoT. We decided why should India lag behind and came up with this document after the workshop," a DeitY official told ET.
Internet of things is a latest trend of connecting every thing from door locks and wearable devices to traffic signals and waste control systems to a vast network.
Companies see huge business from IoT-related work and local software developers such as Infosys, Wipro, HCL Technologies and Tech Mahindra are already initiating steps to tap into the market.
The policy framework has five core components -demonstration centres, capacity building and incubation, R&D and innovation, incentives and engagements and human resource development. Standards and governance are two other areas the draft has focused on.
DeitY has invited public opinion on how to improve the draft policy to create ecosystem for IoT industry in the country. The last date to send feedback is October 31. Ac cording to the policy draft, the government's plan of developing 100 smart cities, for which . 7,060 crore has been allocated ` in the current Central budget, could lead to a massive and quick expansion of IoT in India. IoT will be critical in making these cities smarter, the draft points out. Some of the key aspects of a smart city will be smart parking, intelligent transport system, telecare, woman safety, smart grids, smart urban lighting, waste management, smart city maintenance, digital-signage and water management.
The draft says the government will fund creation of resource centers and test-beds as a common experimental facility. "We believe it is a great start," said MN Vidyashankar, president of industry body India Electronics & Semiconductor Association.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Airlines see 28% surge in passengers in Sept...Airlines see 28 per cent surge in passengers in September
ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 02.57AM IST
Tags:
airline passenger traffic
(Thanks to two long weekends…)
NEW DELHI: Thanks to two long weekends and special fares, airlines saw a 28 per cent surge in passengers in September. According to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation data, released on Friday, air passengers grew from 45.5 million in September last year to 58.2 million for the same month, this year. This growth in air passenger number is the highest in the current calendar year. The month of June, this year saw a 16.1 per cent increase in passenger traffic.
In August, number of air passengers had grown by 10.9 per cent. Analysts say the increase could be a combination of long weekends and lower fares but do not see same kind of growth in the coming months.
"The growth was driven by low fares and extended holiday weekends last month. Though I'm surprised with level of increase, I do not see anything on ground to suggest that it is a recovery and sustainable," said Kapil Kaul, CEO of Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation in India. IndiGo continued to maintain a strong lead in the domestic market with nearly one out of every three travelers opting to fly with the airline. Indigo recorded a market share of 32.8 per cent for the month under review, followed by Jet Airways which along with JetLite accounted for 20.8 per cent of the domestic air travel market.
SpiceJet and Air India registered shares of 18.6 and 16.6 per cent respectively, followed 9.3 per cent by GoAir during the month. Air Costa and AirAsia India stood at 1.1 per cent and 0.7 per cent, respectively. During the month, SpiceJet registered the highest passenger load factor (PLF) at 85.9 per cent. PLF is a measure of how much of an airline's passenger carrying capacity or number of seats is being used.
JetLite was second with load factors of 82.7 per cent followed by GoAir with load factors of 82.3 per cent. The market leader IndiGo, however, recorded low load factors of 77.9 per cent during the month. AirAsia India registered lowest load factors of 68.7 per cent. In terms of on-time performance, IndiGo maintained its reputation for record on-time performance - 89.9 per cent of its flights were on time from the country's four privately operated airports.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bears beat bulls - are markets in downward spiralThe bears's growl now dominates the financial markets, scaring away the bulls, as investors turn tail and run in fear as global growth prospects evaporate.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: The bears's growl now dominates the financial markets, scaring away the bulls, as investors turn tail and run in fear as global growth prospects evaporate.
Markets are often described as a confrontation between two animals, the bull and the bear. The first is an optimistic and aggressive animal, while the second is defensive and pessimistic.
A bullish market is optimistic and investors aggressively chase opportunity and profit, while in a bearish market investors are pessimistic and seek to limit their losses.
Once direction has changed, they tend to act as a herd. "I'm afraid this might be the beginning of a bear market that could last for some period of time," said CNBC commentator Dennis Gartman and who publishes his own financial newsletter.
"You have to remember: bears dont eat, only bulls in the market enjoy the upside," he added.
Markets tumbled on Wednesday and fell sharply again on Thursday. Markets have also seen sharp swings in prices in recent weeks.
Analysts at CM-CIC see a "paradigm shift" taking place on the market. Recent weeks have seen one international organisation after another slash their global growth forecasts.
Yet the bulls kept pushing stock prices higher until recent days, when the glum global outlook and uncertainty put the bears in charge.
"The turmoil that hit the markets yesterday ... has addressed some of the disconnect between economic fundamentals and asset prices that have been worrying many economists for some time," said analyst Jane Foley at Rabobank.
Analysts at CM-CIC said plunge on the stock and bond markets showed investors "had become aware of the gloomy global growth outlook combined with factors including concerns over the Ebola pandemic and the risk of backsliding in Greece."
Trader Lee Mumford at Spreadex said "world growth concerns continue to rattle global markets, sending investors to the sidelines and dumping as much risk as possible."
IMF chief Christine Lagarde recently summed up the global growth outlook in one word: mediocre.
"There is a risk that the world will be stuck with mediocre growth for a while," she said at the beginning of October.
And each of the motors of global growth has begun to run rough. The eurozone, haunted by the spectre of deflation, is close to stagnation. China's economy has slowed and the recovery in the United States has hit some fits and starts.
According to bond analyst Rene Defossez, the announcement on Wednesday that US retail sales dropped 0.3 percent in September "was the straw that broke the camel's back".
The market likes terms linked to animal behaviour. Analysts at Germany's DZ Bank also pointed to increased volatility on the markets.
Now, "the markets will remain very nervous and alert to the release of each figure," said Defossez.
The plunge in the markets heaps more pressure on central banks, which have been largely responsible for keeping the global economy from going off the rails in recent years through easy money policies.
The US Federal Reserve has wound down its stimulus and is looking to increase interest rates as the US economic recovery takes hold, but "as the monetary morphine has started to wear off the patient has come to realise that a lot of the old problems still remain," said CMC Markets UK analyst Michael Hewson.
European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi calmed a storm in financial markets in 2012 by promising that the ECB would do "whatever it takes" to save the euro, and recently he announced additional measures to support the eurozone economy. But he also insists that growth ball is very much a matter for national governments and policy reforms.
Analysts at Aurel believe the market rout this week is just "a foretaste of a financial crisis".
Others are more optimistic, like Alexandre Baradez at IG, who said the market slump does not "call into question the medium-term outlook of markets for a recovery in the eurozone economy."
But Richard Jeffrey, chief investment officer at Cazenove Capital Management in London, wondered whether the current bout of market turbulence was "the echoes of the previous crisis or the start of something more sinister?"
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

US stocks fall: Mkts in line with brutal realities of economy(The price of oil is down about…)
By Neil Irwin
By a lot of measures, the United States economy is looking pretty good right now. The unemployment rate has fallen below 6 per cent for the first time in half a dozen years, and jobs are being added at the fastest rate since before the Great Recession.
Things are looking better, that is, unless you turn your eye to Wall Street. There, the stock market's main gauge, the Standard & Poor's 500 index, fell 0.8 per cent on Wednesday after a wild ride during the day. It is off 7.4 per cent since mid-September.
Moreover, longer-term interest rates are down sharply, which normally signals pessimism in the bond market about the nation's economic future. A measure of expected volatility hit its highest level since 2011 on Wednesday, signaling that more manic days could lie ahead.
This apparent contradiction - and how it is resolved - points to the basic question for the US economy and for Federal Reserve policymakers right now. How powerful is that underlying economic strength? And will the recent market volatility prove ultimately inconsequential, or does it presage harder times ahead for a nation still trying to muddle its way out of a downturn that technically ended more than five years ago?
In other words, does Wall Street know something that the rest of us don't?
There are some reasons that, unnerving as these market moves have been, people who do not trade stocks and bonds for a living should still feel reasonably good about where things stand. Yes, the market sell-off on Wednesday was driven partly by a weak reading on United States retail sales, which fell 0.3 per cent in September. But some of the most direct effects of the market action are actually positives for ordinary Americans.
The price of oil is down about 20 per cent since summer, which is making a wide range of fuels less expensive. Gasoline now averages $3.18 a gallon, down 14 per cent since the spring, according to data from AAA. A slump in the prices of agricultural commodities like corn, soybeans and wheat should, over time, make trips to the grocery store cheaper.
And with money gushing away from risky investments like stocks into safer bonds, long-term interest rates have fallen steeply; the yield on a 10-year Treasury note briefly dipped below 2 per cent on Wednesday morning, the lowest it has been in more than a year. (It closed the day at 2.13 per cent).
Those lower rates are likely to be passed through in the form of lower home mortgage interest rates, which could bolster a still-struggling housing market. Thirty-year fixed-rate mortgages averaged 4.13 per cent on Tuesday, according to Bankrate.com, a number that could tumble further as the latest bond market moves are priced into consumer mortgages.
But perhaps the overriding message is that this market sell-off, to the degree it is a sell-off at all (the S&P 500 decline of 7.4 per cent was matched by a similar fall in late 2012), may be bringing market prices more in line with the brutal realities of the economy.
While job growth has been solid this year, wages are rising barely faster than inflation, and the US economy is producing far below its economic potential by most official estimates. Yet the stock market and other risky investments have generally been on tears since early in 2009, soaring to relatively high valuations relative to earnings. The Federal Reserve's policies of printing trillions of dollars to buy bonds have been an important factor.
  So the correction may not be about Wall Street knowing something about the outlook for the future that the rest of us do not, but rather about markets adjusting to more realistically reflect economic reality. Yes, things have improved, but maybe not enough to justify stock prices that are quite so high relative to corporate earnings.
"Due to excessive confidence in central banks, investors eagerly decoupled high market valuations from what was warranted by the sluggish fundamentals," said Mohamed A. El-Erian, chief economic adviser of Allianz, the financial services company. That disconnect, he said, has been undermined over the last few weeks by signs that the global economy's fundamentals are weaker than they seemed and concern that the European Central Bank will not adequately fight that continent's economic drift.
The renewed bout of volatility partly reverses a trend through the first half of the year in which almost all global assets - both safe ones like Treasury bonds and risky ones like stocks and real estate - were increasing in value. Now money is shifting out of risky assets and toward the safe ones, which is a more normal pattern.
There is a big question, though, as to what, if anything, global policymakers ought to do about it. Federal Reserve officials have been clear that they expect to start raising interest rates from their long-standing near-zero levels sometime in the middle of 2015. Until this month, markets have believed them.

Global oil prices plunge: What is Saudi Arabia s strategy(Saudi officials have signaled…)
By Ben Hubbard and Clifford Krauss
BEIRUT - With global oil prices plunging at a pace not seen since the 2008 financial crisis, Saudi Arabia is emerging as a central player, accused by some of deliberately depressing the market to weaken rivals like Iran but looked to by others as the only hope of ending the rout. Still others say that the oil colossus is merely struggling to deal with its diminished position in an industry it once dominated.
For their part, Saudi officials have signaled that they are prepared to endure reduced profits rather than slash production in an effort to prop up prices, as they did to their later regret in the early 1980s.
Yet, the Saudi acceptance of lower prices has even touched off a controversy inside the kingdom. This week, billionaire investor Prince Alwaleed bin Talal released an open letter to the Saudi oil minister, Ali al-Naimi, criticizing him for saying that lower oil prices were no cause for alarm.
In the letter, Alwaleed called the price drop a "catastrophe that cannot go unmentioned," and suggested it could harm the kingdom's budget.
Some analysts say Saudi Arabia runs few risks in letting oil prices remain low because the government has large financial reserves and low debt that could help it ride out budget deficits. But there are dissenters, like Badr H. Jafar, a senior oil executive from the United Arab Emirates, who thinks Saudi Arabia will need higher oil prices eventually to support high levels of social spending.
He says the immediate strategy of the Saudis is to discourage high-cost producers in the United States and Canada and to "serve as an inherent warning to other producers in advance of an OPEC meeting next month that they will all need to make production cuts together if they are to curb this bearish trend."
Others say the kingdom is facing lower prices no matter what it does, because it cannot control the causes of the price dive, which include the drilling frenzy in North America and falling demand in Europe, Japan and much of the developing world. So it makes sense for the Saudis to defend their share of the global market, oil experts say. "This is a war of economic necessity," said Philip K. Verleger, president of PKVerleger, an energy consulting company.
That necessity primarily is a product of a 70 percent increase in US oil production since 2008, which has cut imports from OPEC producers in half. Suddenly, Saudi and Nigerian crude that once flowed freely into the US is competing for market share on Asian markets, where buyers are demanding lower prices. To make matters worse, the US could be poised to become a major exporter in the next decade and cut further into Saudi markets.
 
Gary N. Ross, the chief executive of PIRA Energy Group, a New York-based consulting company, said that Saudi Arabia appeared to be applying lessons learned in the early 1980s, when it responded to a similar glut in the market by cutting production to keep the price up. That cost it valuable market share it later struggled to win back, he said.
This time, he said, Saudi Arabia is doing the opposite: accepting lower prices to keep its share of the market. And if that policy also happens to harm the kingdom's rivals, so much the better.
"It is convenient that this is happening at a time when Iran is getting stronger and when Russia, a huge oil exporter, has been a thorn in the side by supporting Assad," Ross said, referring to President Bashar Assad of Syria. "But I don't think you need a political motivation here."
The drop in the world oil price could cut into Saudi Arabia's growing effort to use its economic might and religious credentials as the home of Islam's holiest sites to expand its influence across the Middle East.
It has recently supported campaigns against political Islamists in Egypt and elsewhere, bankrolled rebels seeking to topple Assad and sent tanks to help quell a political uprising in Bahrain lead by that kingdom's Shiite majority against its Sunni rulers.
Saudi Arabia has also joined the U.S.-led military coalition to fight the Islamic State, the jihadist group that has seized territory in Iraq and Syria. Underpinning many of Saudi Arabia's struggles is its rivalry with the Shiite powerhouse Iran for influence across the Arab and Muslim worlds.
Lower oil prices would increase the economic strain on Iran, which is already struggling under international sanctions aimed at persuading it to give up its nuclear program. They are also likely to hurt Russia, which has proved to be among Assad's most powerful foreign allies and his greatest defender in the United Nations, and which is also feeling the pain of economic sanctions over its Ukraine policies.
Such considerations cannot be far from the minds of Saudi decision-makers, said Jean-Francois Seznec, a political economist at Georgetown University.
"It is really Iran who is getting hurt, and I am wondering to what extent the Saudis are not pursing the lower price to bring Iran to the bargaining table," Seznec said.
Others, however, said that although lower prices may serve Saudi Arabia's political ends, they were not driving its oil policy.
"I don't think that Saudi Arabia is in the business of trying to manage global politics through oil policy," said Sadad Ibrahim al-Husseini, the former executive vice-president of Saudi Aramco. "That is a fiction."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amit Shah s  Super Six  who helped script likely Maha winParty president Amit Shah drives BJP leaders to work hard for victory in Maharashtra
Vasudha Venugopal, ET Bureau Oct 17, 2014, 10.35AM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(If BJP manages to match…)
MUMBAI: The exit polls have put a smile on Madhav Bhandari's face. BJP's affable Maharashtra spokesman looks finally relieved after hectic weeks, which he says drained him physically and emotionally. Long back in 1984, it was the same Bhandari, then just 28, who had drafted the letter confirming the party's alliance with Sena.
"It fell upon me to draft the letter formalising the break of that alliance too. But it was not released," says Bhandari, sitting in the Nariman Point office of BJP, which is preparing for a new era for the party in a state where it has always played the second fiddle.
Bhandari was one of the two Marathi-speakers who were part of the six-member core team handpicked by BJP chief Amit Shah to lead the war of Maharashtra. The other was Vinay Sahasrabuddhe who runs the party's think-tank Public Policy Research Centre.
If BJP manages to match the glorious projections made by the exit polls, the party will have to thank Shah and his Team Six: Bhandari, Sahasrabuddhe, Om Mathur, Sunil Bansal, V Satish, and state party incharge Rajiv Pratap Rudy.
Insiders say the Shah campaign started in July when he asked Bhandari and Satish to travel across Maharashtra and present him a list of local problems and identify probable candidates. "But when the alliance broke we didn't have candidates in 60per cent of the state. It was difficult. But Amitbhai had his homework ready. Not once did he get agitated or apprehensive. He had a plan," a state leader said.
Instantly, Mathur, Rudy, Bansal and others were handed over responsibilities. Mathur is known to have been close to Shah since his days as prabhari in Gujarat, while Bansal was Shah's key executioner of his plan in UP in the Lok Sabha where the party won 73/80 seats.
While Mathur was given the charge of politicking, keeping tabs on development in other parties and also talk to them, Rudy was handed over responsibility of planning and execution that included making arrangements for Modi's travel. Bansal kept a watch on the running of the party organisation while Bhandari handled the media. V Satish, a RSS full-timer and joint secretary in BJP briefed Shah on everyday development in the state.
Sahasrabuddhe recalls that the party trusted its karyakartas more than agencies to come out with Marathi taglines to attract people.
Decision on candidates was, however, entirely made by Shah who is said to have informed Modi about selection of major candidates including Devendra Phadnavis who, according to sources, was endorsed by Modi for his clean image. Union minister Prakash Javadekar was given the charge of finalising print and online ads to take Modi and BJP to every household in Maharashtra.
 
Sources said Shah had asked party members not talk to the media, especially after the alliance broke. But the team did manage to use the power of media well. An instance of it was clear when ex-Maharashtra CM and Congress leader Prithviraj Chavan's interview was published in a newspaper last week, it took only an hour for Sahasrabuddhe, Rudy and Bhandari to sit with an ad agency and release a transcript for an ad that appeared in papers next day. The professionally crafted, widely-publicised and discussed ad carried the interview and asked people to vote for an honest government now that the ex-CM himself had admitted to corruption about ministers in his government and his inability to act against them.
"It was an open admission of guilt and it was coming from the horse's mouth. It just endorsed what we were saying all these days," Sahasrabuddhe said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Narendra Modi is the chief architect of the likely win(At a packed rally in Baramati,…)
By: Prakash Pawar
At a packed rally in Baramati, NCP leader Sharad Pawar's pocket burough, Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a fervent appeal: "Rid yourself of uncle-nephew slavery for development". The rally was a sample of BJP's intense campaign in Western Maharashtra, which seems set to alter conventional political equations this time. The region with a maximum of 75 seats witnessed a mammoth challenge to the Pawar empire for the first time.
Spread over Kolhapur, Satara, Sangli, Solapur and Pune districts, Western Maharashtra is popular for sugarcane cultivation, co-operative factories and the Pawars who control the economy and political institutions here. In the last decade, there was competition between NCP and Congress , but in the second decade a BJP-led coalition has emerged challenger. The Raju Shetty-led Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna, Vinay Kore's Jansuraj Party and Mahadev Jankar's Rashtriya Samaj Paksh prepared a fertile ground against NCP. The late BJP leader Gopinath Munde , who saw the role played by smaller parties, created space for BJP to enter the fray. It was in this background that Modi entered the scene.
There are three specific tactics BJP adopted to swing things in its favour on polling day: For the past fifteen years, NCP was the sole dominant force in western Maharashtra. Its cabinet ministers including Ajit Pawar , R R Patil, Jayant Patil, Hasan Mushrif, Vijaysignh Mohite Patil and Laxmanrao Dhobale face serious charges of corruption. In his political campaign, Modi harped on this issue to help his party.
Caste conflict between Marathas and OBCs too aggravated with the intense campaign. Such conflict was also evident between Marathas and Malis, as also Marathas and Vanjaras, a community to which Munde belonged. To protect its core community, NCP gave reservations to Marathas. This invited the wrath of OBCs. The Dhanagars, particularly, have demanded reservation for themselves as STs in response. As a consequence, the poor Marathas and Dhangars both turned up to support BJP. Even the conflict within the Maratha community was also exploited to the hilt by BJP which campaigned among poor Marathas, who live mostly in droughthit regions.
Naming local gods or goddess, adorning headgear popular among commoners, apart from usual promises of development helped BJP connect with locals. Modi specifically named the Mahalaxmi Devi of Kolhapur, Sidheshwar of Solapur and a local goddess of Tasgaon. To convince them about his sincerity, he would bow and seek the local deity's blessings.
In these spiritually and religiously charged regions, this symbolism matters immensely to the local residents who were fed on claims of BJP's plans of dividing Maharashtra. Modi's charismatic language and careful choice of words also played a part. He would say, 'Sarvajan Hitay, Sarvjan Sukhay and not 'Bahujan Hitay, Bahujan Sukhay', clearly indicating his intension to cast his community focus as wider and by including as many communities as possible. If BJP secures a majority in Maharashtra, as some exit polls have predicted, it can be easily attributed to their master campaigner .
The writer is a professor at Shivaji University.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What does an imminent loss mean for the CongressAndhra Pradesh
(The exit polls projecting…)
NEW DELHI: After losing the centre of political power last May, the Congress leadership is now resigned to a critical 'power-cut' in India's financial capital too. For India's Grand Old Party, life without power in Delhi and clout in the headquarters of wealth, the unavoidable lubricant of power-politics, can pose many occupational hazards amid its worst electoral meltdown.
The exit polls projecting a rout for Congress in Maharashtra, a state which it ruled along with NCP for the past 15 years, did not come as a surprise to anyone at the party's Akbar Road headquarters. The only academic interest for some leaders is to find out whether Sunday's results will give BJP a majority on its own.
"The only comic relief is the silly efforts of Prithviraj Chavan to cover-up his all-round leadership deficiencies by blaming our own senior party colleagues and NCP for the defeat he is presiding over. He seems to have turned 'a political approver' for our rivals even before result day," said an AICC functionary.
The Congress brass is aware of the looming political and financial implication of the party losing power in Maharashtra, its biggest and long-standing citadel. The fact that the BJP-Sena could rule the state only for five years till now and that even in 1999 assembly polls held within months after NCP's split from Congress, the duo emerged to thwart the saffron challenge for another 15 years bears testimony to the party's deep roots in Maharashtra.
Many Congress leaders see the prospects of losing Maharashtra months after it was smashed up in another party citadel, erstwhile Andhra Pradesh, as a crippling setback for Congress comparable only with its loss of power in UP and Bihar in the late 80s. In the run up to the Lok Sabha polls, there were whispers that Congress was finding it very difficult to mop up resources to match Modi-led BJP's campaign blitzkrieg. That handicap, party functionaries admit privately, would turn more acute once the party is ousted from power in Mumbai.
The slippery relationship between big politics and big money in the time of changing political mood has added misery to the eerie mood in Congress. Old timers re-called how the Indira Gandhi-led Congress found many long-trusted 'Mumbai funders', who benefitted during its rule turning, increasingly evasive when Indira's aides sought their financial help for a political fightback during the Janata Party regime. Given the current overall-crisis in Congress, complicated due to the lack of credentials of its de facto leader Rahul Gandhi, they concede the party faces its biggest challenge.
 
An eerie silence prevails in Congress circles after the Securities and Exchange Board of India clamped down on DLF by banning the realty major and its promoters from securities markers for three years for "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its public offering in 2007. Though DLF was declared guilty by the markets watchdog after it conducted an independent inquiry, the perceived political undertone of the development has alerted the Congress. Senior Congress functionaries privately say Sebi's action against DLF in less than five months of change in power at the Centre in a case that was pending for seven years signals political implications for their party on many counts.
Since DLF, apart from being a partner of Robert Vadra (the businessman son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi) in many of his controversial land deals in Haryana, is also seen in political and corporate circles as a business house that has shared a warm relation with the Congress brass since the days of Rajiv Gandhi in the early 80s, many are watching how the troubles of this Haryana-centric realty major would impact the relationship of corporate and industry players with Congress.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indigenously developed missile Nirbhay test-firedBrahMos
(India's indigenously developed…)
BALASORE: India today successfully test-fired its first indigenously designed and developed long- range subsonic cruise missile 'Nirbhay' with a strike range of over 1,000 kms from the Integrated Test Range (ITR) near here.
Describing the test as a complete success, Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) said, "The entire mission, from lift-off till the final splash down, was a perfect flight achieving all the mission objectives."
The missile was test-fired from a mobile launcher positioned at launch pad 3 of ITR at about 1005 hours.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi lauded the scientists for the successful test-firing of Nirbhay, saying this meant a "great impetus" to the country's defence capabilities.
Defence Minister Arun Jaitley congratulated Avinash Chander, Scientific Advisor to the Raksha Mantri, Secretary Department of Defence R&D and DG DRDO and the DRDO team on the successful flight trial of the missile, a DRDO release said.
Cruise missile Nirbhay, powered by a solid rocket motor booster developed by Advanced Systems Laboratory (ASL) took off majestically from a mobile launcher specifically designed for it by the Vehicles R&D Establishment (VRDE), it said.
As it achieved designated altitude and velocity, the booster motor got separated, the turbofan engine automatically switched on taking over the further propulsion and the wings opened up by the commands generated by the onboard computer (OBC) stabilising the flight. Guided by a highly advanced inertial navigation system indigenously developed by Research Centre Imarat (RCI), the missile continued it's flight that lasted a little over one hour and 10 minutes.
Throughout it's path, the weapon system was tracked with the help of ground-based radars and it's health parameters were monitored by indigenous telemetry stations by a team of professionals from DRDO's ITR and LRDE (Electronics & Radar Development Establishment). Additionally, the performance of Nirbhay was closely watched by personnel onboard an Indian Air Force aircraft.
"The missile maintained an accuracy better than 10 metres throughout its path and covered more than 1000 kms," said Avinash Chander after completion of the mission.
"The successful indigenous development of Nirbhay cruise missile will fill a vital gap in the war-fighting capabilities of our armed forces," he said.
The 1000-km-class cruise missile capable of striking deep into enemy territory, has been designed and developed by DRDO at it's aeronautics R&D laboratory ADE (Aeronautical Development Establishment) based in Bengaluru.
The missile is yet another giant step forward in India's technological capabilities for design development and leading to production sophisticated weapons platforms and equipment for the armed forces, officials said.
  This was the second launch of Nirbhay. The maiden launch on March 12, 2013 was a partial success achieving most of the mission objectives, the release said.
The maiden flight had to be terminated for safety reasons due to malfunction of a component, after deviation from the intended path was observed, it said.
India has in its arsenal the 290-km-range supersonic "BrahMos" cruise missile which has been jointly developed by India and Russia. But 'Nirbhay' with the long-range capability is a different kind of missile being developed by DRDO.
Nirbhay has good loitering capability, good control and guidance, high degree of accuracy in terms of impact and very good stealth feature, the officials said.
Earlier, the launch preparations and plans were authorised after thorough review by experts led by Chander, under whose guidance the launch process was executed, the release said.
P Srikumar, Director ADE, as the mission director led the launch operations. The launch preparations were planned and supervised by Vasanth Sastri, Project Director of 'Nirbhay' project.
The launch was witnessed by K Tamilmani, DG Aeronautical Systems, V G Sekran, DG Missiles and Strategic Systems, Vice Admiral Dinesh Prabhakar (retd.), DG ATVP, Satish Reddy, DS and Director, RCI, Tessy Thomas, Director ASL, MVKV Prasad, Director ITR and senior DRDO scientists, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rajnath Singh talks tough to China  says no country can threaten IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Nsg
Home minister Rajnath Singh talks tough to China, says no country can threaten India
ET Bureau Oct 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Al-Qaeda
(China's reaction came after…)
NEW DELHI: Home Minister Rajnath Singh has shrugged off China's strong reaction to India's plans to construct a road network along the McMahon line in Arunachal Pradesh , saying no country can give a warning to India as it has emerged as a strong country in the world.
"Today, no country can give warning to India. India has emerged as a strong country in the world. As far as India-China border issue is concerned, I think China should sit with India and resolve this issue," the minister said at an event organised by the National Security Guard on Thursday, a day after China objected to India building a road along the border.
China's reaction came after the minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju made public the government's plans earlier this week to construct a road along the McMahon line.
Speaking at the event, NSG chief JN Choudhury warned that ISIS and al-Qaeda could join hands and launch a "multi-city multiple attack" on India. "Now that they (al-Qaeda) have declared their intention of attacking India, they will obviously align with known groups that we have (active in the country)... whether it is Lashkar, Jaish ( Jaish-e-Mohammad ), Harkat (Harkat-ul-Mujahideen) or IM," he said.
India needs to stay prepared, he said, adding, "Then there is a threat and possibility of a multi-city multiple attack. The 26/11 attacks may have been just a curtain-raiser."
Choudhury later said at a press conference that NSG wants to cut down its VVIP security responsibilities from 15 protectees at present to "not more than 11 protectees".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reforming India s defence management: Will Modi bite the bullet(Can Modi bring both redress…)
By C. Uday Bhaskar
Former Indian Navy chief, Admiral D.K. Joshi , who had resigned in February this year after a number of accidents on naval platforms, has dwelt on the background to his unprecedented decision in an extended media interview and in the process shed much needed light on the deeply embedded institutional flaws that plague India's higher defence management.
In his candid observations, Joshi noted of the stasis in the country's defence and military edifice: "For more than a decade now recognizing fully that higher management of defence needs reforms, several expert committees have been formed. Virtually all their recommendations have been identical, but vested interests have ensured that the more substantive ones, which bring authority and accountability together, have not been approved. Some peripheral ones have been progressed but nothing substantive."
As it happens, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to address the top brass of the Indian military, for the first time collectively, after assuming office Friday (Oct 17) and both the nature of the prevailing regional strategic environment and the orientation of India's principal security interlocutors - China and Pakistan - draw attention to the critical need of of ensuring that India's composite military capability is of appropriate quality and credibility. However, many inadequacies abound, both within the military and in the delicate pyramid that is subsumed in the rubric of civil-military relations, which have resulted in a less than optimum national military capability.
Admiral Joshi has illuminated the central policy void when he avers: "The root cause is this dysfunctional and inefficient business model that we have, wherein professional competence, domain expertise, accountability, responsibility and authority, these all reside in separate silos in different locations. While professional competence, accountability, responsibility is with the service, that is not the case with authority. And by authority I really mean the power to approve something, empowerment to approve something or the other. For example, change of submarine batteries, which are available indigenously or for commencing refits and repairs of ships, aircraft, submarines in Indian yards, the service (navy) does not have that empowerment. That's a broad construct as a background. Where there is authority, there is no accountability. And where there is responsibility, there is no authority."
This mismatch between the different parts of the democratic lattice - namely the elected political leader, the civil servant as representative of the executive and the military as an institution has been India's Achilles heel since August 1947. India's first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru had an innate disdain for the military and this was the beginning of the civil-military divide in the Indian structure of governance. The fear of a military coup was subtly stoked by vested interests in the corridors of power and a naA&hibar;ve military apex allowed the Indian bureaucracy to gradually quarantine them to the cantonment.
Imprudent choices by the Indian service chiefs in the early decades and the debacle of the 1962 war with China resulted in an anomalous division of collective responsibility and empowerment and India has a piquant reality as regards national defence. The three service chiefs have become 'invisible' in the country's higher defence management and this onerous responsibility devolves on the defence secretary, who more often than not may be serving a first tenure in the Ministry of Defence.
This institutional anomaly was noted post the 1999 Kargil war when the NDA government led by then prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee set up a group of experts to restructure the higher defence system. Many eminently useful recommendations were made in relation to external and internal security - but alas remained unimplemented. The adage that a diffident Indian political leadership chose to cross the national security chasm in two leaps is valid.
The late K. Subrahmanyam, who headed the Kargil Review Committee, pithily summed up the Alice in Wonderland situation. He wryly noted that that when it comes to national security: "Politicians enjoy power without responsibility, bureaucrats wield power without accountability, and the military assumes responsibility without direction."
The internal health of the Indian military is cause for deep concern and anguish. Morale is low, institutional values and principles are frayed, aspersions of moral turpitude have been cast against the top leadership and the entire General V.K. Singh saga during UPA-II that went all the way to the Supreme Court has led to deep internal fissures within the army .

Hidden signatures of awareness found in patients in vegetative state‘Hidden signatures’ of awareness found in patients in vegetative state
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 18, 2014
First Published: 00:14 IST(18/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:43 IST(18/10/2014)
Comments
Scientists at the University of Cambridge, led by an Indian researcher, have found ‘hidden signatures’ in the brains of people in a vegetative state. The discovery points to networks that could support consciousness even when a patient appeared to be unconscious and unresponsive. 
The findings of the research were published on Thursday in PLOS Computational Biology. Researchers showed that the networks that support awareness in a healthy brain are not always impaired in patients in a vegetative state. Some vegetative patients had well-preserved brain networks — these patients were those who had shown signs of hidden awareness by following commands such as imagining playing tennis.
“Currently, the accepted techniques for assessing consciousness and cognitive function in vegetative patients rely mostly on observation of externally observable behaviours, using standardised scales. The broader aim of this research is to demonstrate scientific techniques that can contribute to the development of a clinically validated suite of neuroimaging-based tools that can be used for accurate bedside clinical assessment,” Dr Srivas Chennu told HT.
“Understanding how consciousness arises from the interactions between networks of brain regions is an elusive but fascinating scientific question. But for patients diagnosed as vegetative and minimally conscious, and their families, this is far more than just an academic question — it takes on a very real significance,” he added.

Kashmir stands again: Touching tales of people s courage and victoryKashmir stands again: Touching tales of people's courage and victory
Hindustan Times   October 17, 2014
First Published: 19:52 IST(17/10/2014) | Last Updated: 04:10 IST(18/10/2014)

Pakistan army violates ceasefire again along LoCPakistan army violates ceasefire again along LoC
PTI  Jammu, October 18, 2014
First Published: 08:54 IST(18/10/2014) | Last Updated: 07:08 IST(19/10/2014)
Comments
Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire twice by firing on forward posts along the LoC and International Border in Poonch and Jammu districts, drawing retaliation from the Army.
There have been four ceasefire violations along the IB and LoC in Jammu and Poonch districts during the past over 24 hours.
"Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire and resorted to small arms and automatic weapons firing on Indian posts along the LoC in Hamirpur sector of Poonch district around 8pm Friday night, a senior Army officer said today.
Troops gave a befitting reply to the Pakistani firing, resulting in exchanges which continued till 9.20pm.
There was no loss of life or injury to anyone in the firing.
Pakistani rangers resorted to firing on BoPs in Makwal and Allah Mahi Da Kothay (AMK) areas in Jammu district Friday evening, a BSF officer said, adding, "it was a minor firing".
 
Earlier, Pakistani troops had violated the ceasefire in Hamirpur sector twice on Thursday night and Friday morning, drawing retaliation from Indian troops.
Read: Pak violates ceasefire twice along LoC in Poonch
Pakistan had earlier violated the ceasefire by resorting to firing and mortar shelling along the LoC in Saujian-Kirni-Shahpur belts of Poonch on October 15 in which seven-year-old Riyaz of Kuiyian Gotirian village was injured.
Meanwhile, a villager injured in Pakistani mortar shelling succumbed to injuries in Government Medical College (GMC) Hospital in Jammu, taking the toll to nine in recent incidents of ceasefire violations.
The IB and LoC in Jammu region have witnessed heavy firing and mortar shelling by Pakistani troops since October 1, leaving nine persons dead and over 95 injured, including 13 security men.
Around 30,000 people have fled their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.

Jayalalithaa to be released today  early Diwali in Tamil NaduJayalalithaa to walk out anytime now, release order reaches Bangalore jail
HT correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi/Chennai, October 17, 2014
First Published: 12:39 IST(17/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:09 IST(18/10/2014)
Comments
With AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa expected to walk out of  jail in a short while from now, top party leaders including Tamil Nadu chief minister O Panneerselvam, are  in Bangalore to greet her.
The release order by special judge John Michael D'Cunha came after a bond for Rs. 2 crore was furnished and surety of assets offered. Copy of the Supreme Court order was also produced before the court by Jayalalithaa's lawyers.
Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala and her relatives Sudhakaran and Elavarasi also fufilled similar conditions.
 
Jayalalithaa and the three others are likely to be released around 3pm after the special court's release order is furnished to officials of Parappana Agrahara Central Prison where they are lodged.
She will walk out of  the Bangalore jail a day after the Supreme Court granted her bail in the disproportionate assets case and suspended her sentence for two months.
Read: Authorities prepare  for Jaya’s release today
The former chief minister was handed a four-year prison term and a Rs. 100-crore penalty in September after she was convicted by a Bangalore special court for illegally amassing wealth beyond her known sources of income.
The top court also ordered the senior politician, popularly known as Amma, to present all the documents related to the corruption case before the Karnataka High Court by December 18 or her bail would be cancelled.
Watch: Security tightened outside jail ahead of Jayalalitha's release
In her state Tamil Nadu, it is Diwali come early, with AIADMK supporters bursting crackers and dancing on the streets ever since the SC order on her bail came.
The celebrations are expected to peak when Jayalalithaa reaches Chennai later in the day, though she still can't stake claim to the chief minister’s post as the apex court had only suspended her sentence and not her conviction.

Money in banks abroad: Cannot disclose names  Centre tells SCComments
The Centre on Friday told the Supreme Court (SC) that it could not disclose the names of those who have deposited money in banks abroad as it this would jeopardise tax agreements with nations providing those names to India.
This echoes the line taken by the previous UPA government, which the BJP had slammed and made into an election issue earlier this year while promising to bring black money back if elected to power.
HT Column: The grey areas in recovering black money
Appearing before a bench headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that all amounts deposited in foreign banks by Indian citizens cannot be termed black money and that it is not a crime to open such accounts.
Senior advocate Ram Jethmalani, petitioner in the case before the SC, accused the government of protecting those who had stashed black money abroad and urged the court not to entertain the application.
But observers said that Jethmalani, who was expelled from the BJP, was politicising the matter to settle scores, and even his own advocate-on-record  Raian Karanjawala decided to quit the case.
Read: Congress attack Modi on black money issue
“We have indicated that we will be giving a no-objection certificate in the matter (to Jethmalani to engage some other advocate-on-record) and are withdrawing from the case,” Karanjawala said. All cases in the SC have to be filed through advocates-on-record.
The SC had in May given the Centre an ultimatum to constitute a Special Investigation Team to probe black money cases. It also ordered the Centre to disclose the identity of 26 persons who had bank accounts in the tax haven Liechtenstein.
On Friday, the government told the court that if it revealed the names as the SC had directed, foreign countries may not give India further information and it would also be difficult to get into double taxation avoidance agreements (DTAA) with other nations due to confidentiality considerations.
The Centre’s stand drew a strong response from the Congress. “This is not only a hiatus between the words and deeds of BJP but sheer hypocrisy and dishonesty with the public of India,” said Congress spokesman Abhishek Manu Singhvi.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley rejected any notion that the BJP was reluctant to make the names public.
 
“We have no difficulty in making names public. But they can be made public only in accordance with due process of law,” he said.  “And the due process of law has been constrained by DTAA which was entered into between India and Germany when the Congress Party was in power on June 19, 1995,” he told reporters.
The Centre also wants the SC to make it clear that its direction would not prohibit the Centre from signing treaties which include a provision on maintaining confidentiality. It has even asked for a declaration that the right to privacy is an integral part of the right to life and such information cannot be disclosed unless a wrongdoing is found on the basis of an Income Tax complaint.
The government told the court that its order was coming in the way of India’s India signing a proposed Inter Governmental Agreement (IGA) with the US that needed to be signed by December end as failure to do so would lead to serious implications on financial institutions.
The court fixed October 28 to hear the matter.

Narendra Modi does a Manmohan Singh  refuses to reveal black money culprits nameNarendra Modi does a Manmohan Singh  refuses to reveal black money culprits name
Govt delays decision on POSCO s iron ore licenseGovt delays decision on POSCO s iron ore license
Upbeat Infy  TCS to hire in thousands from campuses | MNCs use social media to recruitAfter 2 lacklustre years, IT companies like TCS, Infosys, HCL Tech to hire in thousands from campuses
Jochelle Mendonca, ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 10.49AM IST
Tags:
(TCS will also make 800 offers…)
By Richa Maheshwari
MUMBAI|BANGALORE: After a few tepid years at college campuses, information technology companies are back to hiring in big numbers as Tata Consultancy Services , Infosys and HCL Technologies ramp up recruitment. This is good news to the over 1.5 million engineers who graduate from the country's colleges every year and are struggling to land a job due to an oversupply of talent.
Tata Consultancy Services, India's largest IT services company , said it will hire 35,000 freshers for fiscal 2016, boosting its rate of campus recruitment.The company hired 25,000 from campuses in fiscal 2015. Robust growth prospects led to the company raising the figure, TCS' human resources head Ajoy Mukherjee told ET.
TCS will also make 800 offers in the United States as part of its plan to bring 500 freshers from the United States on its rolls in fiscal 2016. In the current financial year, the company is hiring 400 US freshers.
Engineering colleges have also noticed the uptick. Last month, VIT in Tamil Nadu saw Wipro, Infosys and Cognizant, among others, making more offers than the previous year. While Wipro made 1,141 job offers, Accenture made 1,324 offers. Similarly , Infosys made 1,452 offers and Cognizant 1,911. "I think we see more appetite to take on more freshers and entry level hires as well," said Prithvi Shergill, chief human resource officer at HCL Technologies. "I think there will always be fluctuations, but yes , we are seeing an upward trend in entry level hiring." He declined to give the company's fresher hiring numbers for the next financial year.
Bangalore-based Infosys has also said it would hire between 15,000-16,000 freshers for the current financial year, a sharp increase from the 6,000 freshers it hired in fiscal 2013. The company has not re vealed its campus hiring figure for the next financial year.
The increased hiring from campuses comes as the IT industry is preparing for higher growth. "It is a good sign because fresher hiring tends to be considered a lead ing indicator for how companies view fu ture demand. While the jobs are good for the freshers, I don't think their starting salaries will be rising," an analyst with a Mumbai based brokerage told ET. He declined to be identified because he is not authorised to talk to the media. IT companies count on freshers to keep costs low. Analyst firm HfS estimated that TCS effectively achieved a 6.3% reduction in average employee costs every year over 2007-2013. During this peri od, the percentage of new graduates hired of the total rose from 50% to 80%.
"Fresher hiring continues and has to con tinue mainly because it is one of the impor tant levers to manage the cost and to ensure that they balance the pyramid," said Sunda raman Viswanathan, management consult ant at Zinnov Management Consultancy .
"The fresher hiring will be there for at least the next three-five years and the levels will be maintained." Part of the reason for this is that wage hikes in the industry have drop0 ped to single digits and starting salaries for a new graduates have been stagnant for over t four years as oversupply and softness in the IT industry pressured wages. TCS' Mukhert jee said the company had not changed fresh er salaries for the offers it had made for the s next financial year.
(With additional inputs from Neha Alawadhi in New Delhi)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shah s team of leaders who helped BJP in Haryana | Fadnavis leads BJP s Maha CM raceYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
How Amit Shah and his team of four leaders helped BJP take roots in Haryana
Raghav Ohri, ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 10.53AM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(These BJP leaders operated…)
CHANDIGARH:For over one and a half months, a few bigwigs from the BJP camped in Rohtak, the constituency of Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda, shaping the party's campaign in the state ahead of the elections that took place on October 15.
If the BJP emerges as the single largest party after the votes are counted on Sunday, as projected by various exit polls, it will be largely due to the planning and execution by these heavyweights, who operated out of a rival party's citadel. ET profiles the men who worked behind the scenes on aspects such as ticket distribution, managing rallies and imparting the 'killer instinct' to BJP workers in the state.
BHAJANS & KILLER ISNTINCT
Kailash Vijayvargiya: The Madhya Pradesh Urban Development Minister who was named by party president Amit Shah as the election in-charge for Haryana, Vijayvargiya is known for two unique traits. He prefers to sing bhajans to convey messages to party workers instead of making lengthy, mundane speeches. Secondly, he has the ability to instill the "killer instinct" in party workers.
"Till now, BJP supporters had been contesting but the confidence and the killer instinct was lacking. It was Vijayvargiya ji who infused this in party workers," said a senior BJP leader. It was Vijayvargiya's brainchild to ensure the BJP got the support of the Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda.
THE BACKUP PROVIDER
Dr Anil Jain: A national secretary of the BJP, Jain was jointly in charge of the Haryana campaign. His main tasks were twofold: to decide the venues and manage all the rallies held by Modi, the party's star campaigner, and to pick candidates to contest the election. "All the rallies held by PM were managed by Dr Jain. He also played a crucial role in selecting candidates," a BJP leader said.
THE POLITICAL TRAINER
Shiv Prakash: Recently recruited from the RSS, Prakash, the BJP's Joint General Secretary (Organisation), played a significant role in bringing party workers together as a cohesive team. Sources told ET that Prakash was involved in the "intricate planning" of campaigning, imparted "political training" to workers and helped them understand the pulse of the electorate.
THE MENTOR
Ram Lal: The BJP's national organisation secretary brought much needed "discipline" among party workers. "He is a fatherly figure whose words of wisdom brought discipline and focus in the party workers," a party leader told ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sena goes soft on BJP  says there should be no bitternessShiv Sena hints at possible reconciliation with BJP
PTI  Mumbai, October 17, 2014
First Published: 18:35 IST(17/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:17 IST(18/10/2014)
Comments
With most exit polls projecting BJP's emergence as the single-largest party in Maharashtra but falling short of a majority, Shiv Sena on Friday hinted at a possible reconciliation with its former saffron ally, saying there should be "no bitterness any more".
"There is no need to have arguments or bitterness any more. Hearts have been broken. Though it is difficult to mend broken hearts, Maharashtra needs stability and peace. It is better that we wait for the day of counting," Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece Saamana.
Almost all exit polls have predicted that BJP will be the largest party in the 288-member assembly followed by Shiv Sena, while the one conducted by Today's Chanakya has projected a clear majority for BJP.
After a messy separation just ahead of the poll, BJP leaders had, by and large, refrained from attacking Shiv Sena while stumping, a gesture not reciprocated by its leader Uddhav Thackeray, who had blamed the former ally for the split.
The editorial also slammed the exit poll results.
"Talking to a few thousand people for their opinion and then coming out with exit polls is showing disrespect to the decision of the electorate. But the media is doing its job to earn their livelihood," it said.
"We have faith in our people. The saffron flag will flutter victoriously on October 19," the editorial said.

Al-Qaeda  IS may join IM  LeT to attack India: NSG chiefPrint
Gurgaon: National Security Guard (NSG) chief J.N. Chaudhary Thursday said al-Qaeda's threat to attack India was a matter of concern as the terror group can target Indian cities with the help of Pakistan-based militants.
Al-Qaeda and IS or Islamic State may join hands with terrorist groups like Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Harkat-ul-Ansar and Indian Mujahideen (IM) to target Indian cities, the NSG director general said.
"Al-Qaeda's threat to attack Indian cities is a matter of concern. They can target India in collaboration with Pakistan-based terrorist outfits," he told reporters after the elite force's 30th Raising Day celebrations at the Manesar base camp here.
Chaudhary said the terror groups were planning to carry out 26/11 Mumbai style multiple terror attacks in India.
"We are facing threat of such attacks in more than one city at a time...Our commandos are being trained to counter such attacks," he said.
Chaudhary said al-Qaeda had been studying the possibilities of such attacks in India and its people had visited places like Goa, Bangalore and Amritsar.
He said a dummy hand grenade was left in one of Air India's planes by mistake during an exercise Sep 26 by NSG commandos. The grenade was later found on a plane booked for Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
"Black Cats will remain more vigilant in the future regarding such incidents. NSG has good commandos not cleaners," he added.
The NSG is a federal contingency deployment force to tackle all kinds of terrorism in the country.
Recommend

Buddhist festival celebrated in TripuraBuddhist festival celebrated in Tripura
Hyundai plans to manufacture cars in IndiaHyundai plans to manufacture cars in India
LVB posts net profit of Rs 31.50 croreLVB posts net profit of Rs 31.50 crore
Server Virtualization Market and Services Outlook for 2014-2018Server Virtualization Market and Services Outlook for 2014-2018
Banking Newsletter - October 13 to 17  2014Banking Newsletter - October 13 to 17  2014
India most competitive in global offshoring market: Key factsIndia most competitive in global offshoring market: Key facts
Markets record fourth weekly loss on global growth concernsMarkets record fourth weekly loss on global growth concerns
How malls are trying to counter online shopping portalsHow malls are trying to counter online shopping portals
Shambhavi Anand & Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Oct 17, 2014, 02.24AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(With online retailers such…)
NEW DELHI: Shopping malls in the country are going through a transformation to make themselves more of an 'experiential' destination, adding more restaurants, spas, salons and even doctor clinics, at least partially influenced by the recent boom in online shopping. Bangalore-based real estate developer Prestige Group, for example, plans to bring food offerings to almost every floor and prominently on the first floor of its upcoming shopping malls rather than restricting food outlets mostly to the top floor as is the common practice now.
"Earlier people used to come for shopping and they would eat. Now, we think they will come for food and will shop as well," said Suresh Singaravelu, executive director for retail at Prestige. "This is partly in response to increasing the experiential content and partly in response in recognition of the fact that you need to increase frequency of mall visits with all the online retailer catching the consumers' imaginations."
With online retailers such as Flipkart and Amazon seen cornering a chunk of the expected growth in India's overall modern retailing, industry insiders say a lot of mall owners are nervous.
"We are all worried. We are trying to find out how we can fight the online and the issue of customers moving out," said a Mumbai mall developer who keeps in regular touch with other mall owners in the city through an e-mail group. "We are trying to find solutions." The person, however, said his own malls will not be impacted by the online retail boom. Looking at the prospects of the flight of a chunk of middle class consumers to online channels, malls are coming up with new offerings to attract consumers. Infiniti Mall in Mumbai plans an e-commerce site where its tenants can sell online, but consumers must visit the mall to take the delivery. Across town, Palladium Mall has doubled the number of events such as musical evenings to fashion shows this year.
Delhi's Select Citywalk Mall is currently revamping its whole food court by replacing non-branded outlets with branded food sellers like Saravana Bhavan and some international cuisine specialists. "Very few people come to malls only for shopping. They come to us for the whole experience. That is why we have always believed in making the whole experience attractive," said Arjun Sharma, director at Select Citywalk. Shopping Centres Association of India , a mall owners' group that has been "mostly inactive" for the last three years", recently held some meetings with retailers that looked into threat from online retailers.
"Online is always discussed. Especially when one of the online retailers sells products around Rs 600 crore in 10 hours, obviously it would be discussed," said Anand Sundaram, chief executive at mall management firm PPZ, who is aware of the meetings. "All of us were aware that this is going to happen. We are able to draw parallel from the West. Large stores sizes are shrinking, experiential component is going to increase," he said.
Flipkart, India's largest e-commerce company, sold merchandises worth Rs 600 crore in just 10 hours on its mega sales day on October 6. Others such as Amazon and Snapdeal, too, have got huge response to their big discount sales this festive season. India's e-retailing segment has been growing at 56% a year in the last five years, swelling to Rs 13,900-crore annual business in 2012-13 from Rs 1,500 crore in 2007-08, according to Crisil. But not every mall operator considers online retailers a threat to them. Munish Baldev, head of retail at Unitech, said that a major reason for online shopping boom in recent times is the heavy discounting that online retailers have resorted to.
"That is not sustainable," he said. "If we take a look at the international market and assume that similar trends will happen here, then — online has just 10% of the market share (in other markets); so, even if India follows that pattern it will reach only up to 10%," Baldev said. "Also, online has started with zero, so the growth figures look very big."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shoppers log on to comparison portals for picking up best dealsYou are here: Home > Collections
Shoppers log on to comparison portals for picking up best deals
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Oct 17, 2014, 01.43AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(A growing number of internet…)
NEW DELHI: At a time when all online retail biggies such as Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon run big discount sales, how do you make sure you're getting the best price for a product you plan to buy? A growing number of internet shoppers are turning to price comparison portals to check out the best deals. Aggregators such as mysmartprice. com, buyhatke.com and 91mobiles. com say the number of visitors to their sites and gross merchandise value of sales through their links have doubled in a matter of days, which may have boosted their own valuations.
These sites get a small share of their users' purchases from online retailers as commission, which, according to industry sources, varies from 3-4 per cent in the case of mobile phones and electronics to 10 per cent for apparel and home furnishing. Besides comparing prices on different online shops, most of these sites provide mobile phone-specific information, availability of EMI facility and cash on delivery, and even offer cash-back on purchases.
Sulakshan Kumar, co-founder at mysmartprice.com, said the site's daily traffic more than doubled to over 13 lakh visits on October 6, the day of Flipkart's Big Billion Day sale. India's top online retailer sold goods worth $100 million (about.`600 crore) that day, and mysmartprice. com — which attracts more than 180 lakh visits every month — got a small share of that.
"The gross merchandise value (GMV) on that day rose three times to Rs 4.5 crore from our site. After that day, we're maintaining GMV of Rs 2.5 crore to Rs 3 crore every day," Kumar said. Other price comparison sites such as buyhatke.com and 91mobiles.com, too, saw their traffic and business peak on the day of Flipkart's big sale.
"On 6, our GMV went up 500 per cent for a specific segment," said Gaurav Dahake, co-founder and CEO at buyhatke.com, which faced a server outage for about 15 to 20 minutes that day due to heavy traffic. "It (GMV increase) has sustained at 150 per cent since then, and customer traction has risen 100 per cent," he said.
Buyhatke.com, which is a price comparison and deal offering site, on an average does a daily business of Rs 15 lakh, attracted 1.5 lakh visits on October 6, including 80,000 unique customers. Since then it has been getting 70,000 customers on a daily basis. Buyhatke.com also launched a free mobile phone app on October 7, which has been downloaded by over 1,000 people. Nitin Mathur, co-founder of 91mobiles.com, a research and price comparison site for mobile phones and personal technology, said the number of visitors to the site rose more than 50 per cent of its daily average to 3 lakh on October 6.
Since then it has been sustaining 2.4 lakh visitors every day, he said. 91mobiles.com gets about 50 lakh unique users a month. With online shopping catching up big time in India and the market being highly competitive with big players such as Flipkart, Amazon and Snapdeal launching mega sales and aggressive campaigns to woo customers, price comparison sites and apps are expected to gain in relevance, and maintain increased traffic and business. "The kind of money we make in a month, we made in a few days till now," said Dahake of buyhatke-.com. He said consumers are getting smarter and they Google a product they want to buy to get the best pricing.
  "Some even follow pricing of a particular product on a daily basis and buy it on the day it is the lowest," he said. Analysts say all this may help boost valuations of these price comparison sites, provided they can sustain key components of valuation metrics — number of visitors, unique users, amount of time spent on the site, the number of micro pages visited and gross merchandise value — at current levels.
"Valuation depends on two parties involved as well," said Sanchit Vir Gogia, founder CEO at Greyhound Research. "While user base and GMV are certainly linked, a sudden spike in user base or traffic cannot singularly improve valuations but if it becomes a standard (for the site), then it makes sense."
Online retailing has emerged as one of the hottest sectors in India in recent months. Flipkart on July 29 said it raised $1 billion in a fresh round of fundraising that valued the retailer at anywhere between $5 billion and $7 billion. The very next day, Amazon unveiled a $2-billion investment plan for India. Now, Snapdeal is said to be in talks to raise $600-650 million from existing investors, led by Japan's Soft-Bank Corp, sometime next week.
And, by offering great deals and prices backed by cash-on-delivery options and hassle-free return policy, these e-commerce players have got millions of Indian consumers to shop online instead of haggling at brick-and-mortar stores for a good price. Saurabh Malik, business head at Indiatimes Shopping, the e-commerce division of The Times Group, said the overall visitor-tobuyer conversion rate at the site has increased three times since September.
"There has been a steady increase in traffic till now. However, this cannot be attributed to online sales strategies only, the overall festive environment has also added to it significantly," he said. Indiatimes Shopping saw major gross merchandise value increases in categories like footwear, clothing and home decor, Malik said. Even small players are thriving in the online retail boom.
"If it brings value to consumers, they are willing to shop from lesser known sites as well," said Aman Jain, co-founder of gopaisa.com, a two-year-old online retail startup that offers shoppers actual money back, ranging from 5 per cent to 20 per cent, on purchases made through their site. The site gets 40,000 visits a day, which went up to a lakh on October 6.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Flipkart plans to make marketplace more effectiveYou are here: Home > Collections > Platform
Flipkart looks to restructure team, plans to make marketplace more effective
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Oct 17, 2014, 05.03AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Even after it technically…)
BANGALORE: Flipkart, which adopted an online marketplace model in letter a year ago, has now set into motion actions to embrace it in spirit too.
Even after it technically became an online marketplace last year, a bulk of the goods sold on its site were through a former subsidiary, WS Retail. But India's largest online retailer wants to change that and is taking steps through an internal restructuring to make its marketplace that serves as a platform for other merchants to sell their wares more effective.
This conscious embrace of the marketplace model will make it easier for the Bangalore-based company to achieve its target of having at least 10 times more merchants on its platform within a year. Flipkart had about 4,500 merchants earlier this year, much less than its rivals Snapdeal or Amazon .
"They want to make the marketplace more competitive and hence are giving it more teeth," said one person who is directly involved with the process.
Flipkart did not respond to emailed queries. The company had started out as a direct retailer of products, but as regulations made it mandatory ecommerce firms with foreign ownership to operate a marketplace model, it opened up its platform to third-party sellers last year.
Flipkart had registered Flipkart Marketplace Pvt Ltd in 2012, but internally the marketplace team was just another vertical. Now that is set to change.
"A completely new structure is being created for marketplace and a team is being built for this. New hires for this will run into a few hundreds," said another person, who works with Flipkart in an advisory capacity.
The company, which has about 14,000 employees, has earlier declared its intention to increase its headcount to over 25,000. Its marketplace head Ankit Nagori was promoted to senior vice president this year.
Experts said the move to be more aggressive on the marketplace front is a step in the right direction. "A stronger marketplace focus can give e-tailers an opportunity to attract more customers and a larger product base allows platforms to up sell and cross sell," said Harish HV, partner at financial advisory firm Grant Thornton India .
One of the sources said "there is a de risking aspect as well," in the move. "WS Retail is now completely owned by a different set of people and Flipkart has no legal control over it, so it makes sense to start leveraging other merchants on its platform," said the person.
WS Retail accounts for as much as 80 per cent of Flipkart's sales, according to multiple sources with knowledge of the company's sales. Flipkart is targeting $3 billion (Rs 18,500 crore) in overall sales this fiscal, but has not revealed how much of this will come from WS Retail. Most of the products sold exclusively, such as Moto G phones, are also through WS Retail.
Flipkart has created a maze of complex legal structures for regulatory purposes, said a legal advisor , who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
"It has a wholesale arm, a marketplace and has spun out what was earlier its subsidiary business-to-consumer company (WS Retail) into a completely different legal entity."
Under Indian regulations, an online company with foreign investment cannot retail directly and can only offer a platform.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bring glam & glitter with splendid gold jewelleryThis Diwali, bring glam & glitter with splendid gold jewellery
By ET Bureau | 16 Oct, 2014, 12.11PM IST
Add some sheen to your Dhanteras with these resplendent gold jewellery picks.
ET SPECIAL:
Add some sheen to your Dhanteras with these resplendent gold jewellery picks:
For Him
Om Jewellers Bracelet for men
Price on request
Manubhai Jewellers 18k gold kada for men
Price on request
Varuna D Jani Gold and diamond studded cufflinks
Price on request
(In photo: Jay Z rocks the blingy look)
For Her
Mahesh Notandass 22k gold bangles
Price on request
Jewelsify.com Ruby and diamond ring
Price @ Rs 2.5lakh onwards
PN Gadgil Jewellers Antique kaan chain in 22k gold
Price on request
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:
Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:

Hidesign or Foodhall This Diwali  gift a classy hamperHidesign, Nature's Basket or Foodhall? This Diwali, gift a classy hamper
By Glynda Alves , ET Bureau | 17 Oct, 2014, 09.06AM IST
0
Share More
Gourmet food, champagne, truffles, stylish leather — it's the season of gifting and nothing says it better than a bespoke hamper.
ET SPECIAL:
Gourmet food, champagne, truffles, stylish leather — it's the season of gifting and nothing says it better than a bespoke hamper:
Nature's Basket gourmet organic hamper
Price @ Rs 5,262
We love: The HA organic extra virgin olive oil, fruit & nut cookies & wheat grass powder.
Hidesign His & Her's hamper
We love: The passport holder, leather luggage tags & Pondicherry sea salt.
Marriot wine hamper
We love: The frosted nuts, rose petal meringue & cookies.
Foodhall grand celebration hamper
We love: The cheddar dip, peanut nougat and dark chocolate & orange bar.
Tea Trunk tea & wine hamper
Price @ Rs 2,699
We love: The handcrafted tea tin, gourmet chocolates & wine.
The Glass House Vino celebration hamper
Price @ Rs 5,000
We love: The handcrafted chocolate shoe, signature pasta & decorative diyas.
La Folie Initiation box
We love: The pralines, signature truffles & chocolate slab.
India Circus quirky hamper
We love: The incense sticks, candles & quirky coasters.
Leela executive hamper
Price @ Rs 25,000
We love: The Glenlivet single malt whiskey, accessories from Tie Rack & Crabtree & Evelyn West India lime travel set.
Artisan leather bag hamper
We love: The golf ball wine stopper, Buddha statue & homemade jam.
JW Marriot Bombay Baking Company hamper
Price @ Rs 6,000

How BJP got Dera Sacha Sauda chief s supportHow BJP got Dera Sacha Sauda chief Ram Rahim Singh's support
Raghav Ohri, ET Bureau Oct 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Abhimanyu
(The meeting, which began…)
CHANDIGARH: A week before the polling, BJP candidates were informed that their request to meet "Guru ji" has been accepted.
Not to miss the chance, on October 7, 44 of the 90 BJP candidates turned up to meet Dera Sacha Sauda Chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh at his Sirsa-based Dera. The meeting, which began at 5 pm, lasted for less than 15 minutes wherein Guru ji showered his "blessings" on them and asked them to meet the political wing of the Dera. Leading the "contingent" was Kailash Vijayvargiya, Madhya Pradesh Urban Development Minister and BJP's campaign incharge for Haryana.
Couple of days later the Dera, for the first time in its history, announced open support for a political party—the BJP. For the past 24 years, ever since its inception, the Dera has refrained from offering open support to any political party. Till now, there had been a tacit indication in favour of one or a few political leaders but not towards any political party.
Also, it is for the first time that the Dera Chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh cast his vote on October 15 at Shahpur Begu Village in Sirsa. After casting his vote, he posted his photo on his Twitter account.
The development also assumes significance as it is perhaps for the first time that the Dera Chief gave same time to political leaders belonging to one party.
Realizing the worth of political dividends the open support of Dera Sacha Sauda can pay, the BJP top brass had a detailed strategy to woo the Dera support. Exactly six days before the 44 candidates met the controversial Dera Chief, the BJP President Amit Shah had a meeting with Ram Rahim at his Sirsa Dera.
Shah, sources told ET, sought Dera Chief 's "blessings" for both Haryana and Maharashtra. For, the Dera reportedly has over 60 lakhs followers in Haryana and over 25 lakhs in Maharashtra. After the meeting, Shah was asked to meet the political wing of the Dera.
It is pertinent to mention here that it was Shah's close aide and front runner for the Chief Ministerial post, Captain Abhimanyu who played a pivotal role in persuading the Dera to meet the BJP leaders and come out in open to support the party in elections. He also met the Dera Chief during the election campaigning.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Regional parties unite to fight against the might of BJPYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Regional parties unite to fight against the might of BJP
CL Manoj, ET Bureau Oct 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bihar
(Meerut witnessed a joint…)
NEW DELHI: The common political and electoral threat posed by Narendra Modi-led BJP to many regional parties, apart from Congress, has sparked behind-the-scene moves to explore larger unity of political rivals against the emerging saffron hegemony.
If Meerut witnessed a joint rally last Sunday by the perennially quarrelsome members of Janata parivar, the last few days marked efforts to rope in Congress and Left for an anti-BJP re-grouping.
Sharad Yadav , the Janata Dal (U) president who played the anchor role in the Meerut rally after his success in peacemaking between warring Lalu Prasad and Nitish Kumar to cement a RJD-JD(U) pact in Bihar, has extended its anti-BJP coordination efforts to the Congress and Left camp.
Yadav is trying to tap the wider political links he has built over decades, ironically for anti-Congress mobilisation, for attempting an anti-BJP mobilisation. Earlier this week, Yadav got in touch with some senior Congress leaders for finding a common political ground against BJP. The Congress high command reciprocated by sending AICC general secretary BK Hari Parsad to the JD(U) chief 's residence "to mark a beginning" in exploring a larger anti-BJP alliance in the next battleground state, Jharkahand, where assembly elections are due soon.
The effort is to form an alliance involving JMM, Congress, RJD and JD(U). The fact that Bihar assembly elections are not far away could see extension of the pact to Patna. BJP's determined bid to re-capture UP is also prompting Mulayam Singh to reach out to his estranged Janata parivar and re-work equations with Congress with an additional aim of keeping Mayawati out of the line-up.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi govt needs to decontrol retail prices of dieselYou are here: Home > Collections > Bpd
Modi government needs to decontrol retail prices of diesel
Oct 17, 2014, 04.30AM IST
Tags:
(The significant drop in…)
By Jaideep Mishra
The significant drop in petroleum prices in the global markets is reason enough to bring long-pending oil sector reforms on to the front-burner. In a couple of years, India is slated to be the third-largest consumer of crude oil, the vast bulk of which is imported at the going international rates, and we so need to purposefully carry out policy and pricing reforms of petroproducts to boost efficiency, raise productivity and bring down costs in our large and fast-growing oil economy.
Abroad, in the mature retail oil markets, about half the offtake is by 'independent' retailers, with no presence in upstream production or refining, but which nevertheless are able to competitively seek custom with efficient logistics and quality delivery. We surely need such modernisation here. In a large market, to continue with the effective ring-fencing of oil sales would be at huge national cost.
Besides, in a scenario of much easier crude prices, and with expert analyses sanguine that the softer trend would continue for an entire year and more, the way ahead for the government is to speedily decontrol retail prices of diesel, which is by far the most-used petro-product, to better determine scarcity value going forward.
The policy change would make eminent sense politically too, in the backdrop of weakening prices. We need to promptly rationalise the huge consumption subsidies on oil products, remove distorting taxes on them, and induce reforms and opening up in oil marketing. In tandem, what's necessary is to systematically and innovatively overhaul the subsidy regime both for cooking gas and domestic kerosene via direct benefit transfers using Aadhaar. The diffusion of light aids, like solar lanterns, would be environmentally benign and far cheaper.
The fact remains that for a decade now, flaring prices of crude and nonrevision in domestic prices of petrogoods have led to huge under-recoveries, extra borrowings and massive consumption subsidies on oil products that have wrought economic havoc. Hence the need for proper price signals to deter runaway demand for automotive fuels.
Meanwhile, the declining trend in global crude prices has much to do with a comfortable demand-supply situation, with demand muted and supply relatively buoyant. The oil cartel Opec reduced output of late. But the move was more than offset by an incremental increase in non-Opec production that accounts for the major part of global output of crude.
  The US, meanwhile, remains by far the largest oil consumer, notching over 19 million barrels per day (bpd). China comes next with roughly 10.5 million bpd. The consumption in India is projected to rise to just over 4 million bpd in a year or two. The International Energy Agency estimates world oil consumption at 93.5 million bpd for 2014, and that the figure would barely increase to 93.8 million bpd next year in the face of subdued offtake and lacklustre demand.
The policy reform in oil and the changeover to market-determined prices for products like diesel would be fiscally transformative, bringing about much better allocation of resources for investment right across the board, and put paid to open-ended consumption subsidies on petro-goods in the Budget, most of which are anyway appropriated by the non-poor.
In the 1990s, an expert group led by Vijay Kelkar, who then headed administration in the petroleum ministry, estimated that proposed oil sector reforms would lead to benefits that would cumulatively add up to Rs 1 lakh crore. Fast-forward to today, and taking into account present costs, the corresponding savings on pricing reform and attendant policy changes would more likely mean savings on budgeted subsidies of about Rs 1 lakh crore on an annual basis. There are clearly many things money can't buy what it could 20 years ago.
The point remains that subsidies, giveaways and populist non-revision of domestic prices of oil products show up as under-recoveries for the public sector oil marketing companies. These, in turn, give rise to unscheduled borrowings, and soak up liquidity and generally add to the cost of funds for all and sundry. It is notable that the under-recoveries on diesel have now been wiped out after incremental price revision over several months.
The previous government did decontrol petrol prices and bulk sales of diesel. The Modi government now needs to follow through and decontrol retail prices of diesel as well. Oil subsidies must not burn a big hole in the pocket of the exchequer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IndiGo s aircraft deal a great boost for Indian bizIndiGo's aircraft deal is a great boost for the image of Indian business houses globally
ET Bureau Oct 17, 2014, 04.56AM IST
Tags:
AirAsia India
(The deal, on top of its firm…)
Low-cost domestic carrier IndiGo has placed what is being billed as one of the top five aircraft purchase deals in aviation history. Its deal to buy 250 single-aisle planes from Airbus for $26 billion, with an option to buy 100 more, is significant for Indian aviation and for India's ability to impact global growth. The deal, on top of its firm orders for 100 current-generation A320s and 180 A320neos, also shows the high level of ambition that Indian companies are now displaying. Becoming global players, and achieving scale, will increase the impact that Indian companies have in the world market.
India, the ninth-largest aviation market, is projected to be one of the five fastest-growing markets by 2034. IndiGo's deal only underscores the bullishness in passenger traffic growth in the long term. The only profit making airline is slated to raise money through an IPO, and the strategy to acquire the same aircraft would bring down maintenance, overhauling and spare-part costs. GoAir had also placed orders for 72 similar aircraft in 2011, valued at about $7 billion.
However, competition is growing after the government allowed overseas airline companies to invest in domestic carriers that badly needed cash to expand and repay debt. Etihad has invested in Jet , AirAsia India has started operations and Vistara, jointly owned by the Tata group and Singapore Airlines, has also entered the market. The country's growth prospects are not in doubt. However, we also need to strategise policy to comfortably handle 300 million passengers annually. Cost-effective, efficient airports, air traffic control and maintenance-repair-overhaul infrastructure are also important elements of the aviation infrastructure that must work to make India attractive to investors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US complaints about India s IPR regime are bullying attemptsUS complaints about India's IPR regime are bullying attempts
Bibek Debroy Oct 17, 2014, 04.21AM IST
Tags:
India - US
(When Modi visited the US,…)
In April, the United States Trade Representative (USTR) brought out a Special 301 report and India was placed on the Priority Watch List. There is a long litany of complaints about India's intellectual property rights (IPR) regime: enforcement, speed of dispute resolution, criminal remedies, speed of granting patents, Section 3(d) of the Indian Patents Act, compulsory licensing, trade secret protection and sundry other matters.
Two sentences from that report should be quoted."The US urges India to take specific actions to address the concerns raised, including by means of constructive bilateral engagement." And "to further encourage progress on IPR issues of concern, USTR will publish a Federal Register notice and initiate an Out-of-Cycle Review (OCR) of India in the fall of 2014, commencing an assessment of the progress in that engagement."
Pressure Panel
That OCR has now been initiated. When Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited the US, there was a US-India joint statement that spoke of an annual high-level Intellectual Property Working Group as part of the US-India Trade Policy Forum. The forum is clearly bilateral. However, as the two quotes illustrate, while talking about the bilateral, there will also be the unilateral 301 and OCR initiatives to pile on the pressure.
The US has the right to do that, as does India. Under the law, the USTR is mandated to annually list out trade barriers in partner countries, with a focus on IPR. Whenever two countries engage in economic relationships, trade friction is inevitable. Are there no barriers in the US and do Indian companies have no problems in the US? Of course they do, although those barriers need not necessarily be in IPR.
A Taste of Own Medicine
The US isn't as open as we often tend to think. Sure, petroleum products muddy matters. But this is illustrative as a standard measure of openness. In 2012, the import (goods and services)/GDP ratio was 31% for India and 17% for US. Tariffs, non-trade barriers (NTBs), services, cross-border movements of labour — there are several instances of protectionism. I have always wondered why we don't annually publish something like a National Trade Estimates Report, documenting barriers Indian companies face in other countries.
The media will perhaps go to town with it, as with 301 and the OCR. A few years ago, something like this was attempted by the commerce ministry. But it was an ad-hoc feature.
These frictions are sorted out bilaterally or multilaterally, not unilaterally, and all unilateral reports are nothing more than attempts to pile on pressure. The argument that unilateral liberalisation is desirable, from the point of view of increasing consumer welfare, is valid. But only up to a point. By the same token, American consumers gain if US agriculture, garments, steel and domestic civil aviation are opened up unilaterally, not to speak of cross-border movements of labour.
  Unfortunately, trade (and investment) policy is built on reciprocity, irrespective of those negotiations being bilateral or multilateral. If India agrees to higher standards of IPR protection than necessary, one needs to ask what India gets in return. An IPR protection grants a limited monopoly. Short-term costs of that monopoly are weighed against longerterm benefits of triggering R&D and innovation. If countries have veered around to a multilateral agreement on IPR protection — such as through the WTO's Trade-Related aspects of Intellectual Property rights (TRIPS) agreement — that's because countries have recognised those dynamic benefits, as opposed to static costs.
GI Joe
What's 'necessary' is compliance with the TRIPS agreement. Is it the USTR's case that India's IPR laws violate TRIPS? That won't be logically tenable. India must do more than TRIPS. To put it even more bluntly, the Indian IPR law should be a mirror image of the American one. This isn't about desirability of IPR protection. Had that been the case, the US would have offered high standards of geographical indications (GI) protection to objects other than wines and spirits. This is about patents and pharmaceuticals, the rest being thrown in for good measure.
In specific terms, enforcement apart, we are talking about (a) a test before granting a patent (to prevent evergreening), and (b) compulsory licensing. More specifically, in each of these cases, it is one product and one company. (There was an earlier 1993 case too, but TRIPS requirements became effective in 1995.) Note that (a) was fast-tracked by the Supreme Court and the product concerned was initially refused a patent even in the US (it received a patent on appeal).
On (b), a high fee was decided by the Indian patent office, hiked further in the appellate process. Whether it is patent-granting or compulsory licensing, the process is not clear. The moment a couple of pharma firms don't get what they want, why is it presented as a big policy issue? Don't these companies lose patent battles in US and Europe? Why are data on patents obtained in India by US pharma companies never presented?
To put it politely, 301 and OCR are but a thinly-disguised attempt at bullying on behalf of a few companies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Many more leaders in India than US: Sequoia CapitalAmazon
(There's been a significant…)
BANGALORE: For more than a quarter of a century Douglas Leone has listened carefully to the dreams of thousands of entrepreneurs, waiting to hear the right note that will tell him who can turn dross into gold. That keen ear has helped reap rich dividends for the 56-year old billionaire who is the public face of Sequoia Capital , the best-known venture capital firm in Silicon Valley , ?India.
Leone told ETin a rare and exclusive interview, is the next land of opportunity for entrepreneurship and Sequoia is looking to make the most of it.
"We could not be more thrilled. We don't have 25-30 category leaders in the United States; we don't have (as many) in China right now, but we have it in India," said Leone, whose fund has backed companies such as local search provider Justdial , restaurant listings service Zomato and data analytics firm Mu Sigma .
There's been a significant improvement in the country's regulatory environment in the recent past but more needs to be done, Leone said.
"Clearly, India has moved a little faster in the last five-six years. There is a lot more change that could take place to make it easier for business," he said. "Yes we're happy, and we're looking forward to more changes because doing business in India, there's still lots of friction. You can't quite move as fast as you like although we expect things to continue to improve over the next 5-10 years."
As for valuations, while these have indeed risen, Leone doesn't seem to think they are necessarily excessive.
"It's early days for India. When we look back 24 months from now, we will see that it was pretty inexpensive but compared to a year ago, things have gotten expensive, h he said. In India, Sequoia manages a corpus of $2 billion ( a12,000 crore), of which $530 million was raised earlier this year within a span of just a week. Globally, it has backed some of the world fs most iconic corporations, among them Apple, Google , Tesla and Cisco . Sequoia, an investor in WhatsApp, earned an estimated $3 billion when the mobile messaging company was acquired by Facebook this year. Leone, an alumnus of Cornell and Columbia universities who lists cleaning toilets as his first job, said entrepreneurship in India is maturing rapidly, along with the market for technology products and services.
"We are seeing companies growing just as fast as we've seen in the United States ," he said. The fund expects to catch startups younger, pour more money into those already in the portfolio and sniff out the best deals in India's booming consumer internet space. Sequoia has backed more than 100 companies in India and since 2011 it has invested $800 million in the country. Leone said that Sequoia took a decision to stay away from online retail in India, a business that requires large amounts of capital and where profits are hard to come by. "We think it is a big top line space, but difficult to figure out when it is going to be a big bottom line space," he said about India's online retail sector. Domestic market leader Flipkart has raised $1.2 billion this year alone and Amazon's Jeff Bezos has pledged to invest $2 billion in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI s foreign exchange reserves near four-month lowrbi s foreign exchange reserves near four-month low
POSCO: Odisha govt delays stand on iron ore ...Delays in decision on iron ore licence for POSCO's $12 billion plant
By Reuters | 18 Oct, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Government delays a decision on permitting POSCO to mine iron ore, seeking more clarifications from Odisha state where company has waited  to set up a steel plant.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BHUBANESWAR: Government has again delayed a decision on permitting POSCO to mine iron ore, seeking more clarifications from Odisha state where the South Korean company has waited nine years to set up a $12 billion steel plant.
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said in January POSCO's request for a mining licence - the final regulatory hurdle for the project which would be the biggest foreign direct investment in India - was at an "advanced stage of processing".
But nine months on, little progress has been made on the ground. The company has yet to start work on the planned 12-million-tonnes-a-year plant due to stiff opposition to land acquisition and delays in securing permission to mine iron ore, a raw material for steel.
The Mines Ministry last week wrote to Odisha seeking clarity on how much of the mining land sought by POSCO was notified as an iron ore bearing area where commercial mining was allowed. Mining in non-notified areas needs more approvals than in notified areas.
On Saturday, the Mine Ministry's website showed the status of POSCO's request to explore iron ore over an area of 6828.54 hectares as "rejected/returned" as of October 10.
"They have not completely rejected. Our proposal was for both notified and non-notified area together," Odisha's Mines Director Deepak Kumar Mohanty told Reuters late on Friday. "So they have again asked if you are willing to separate out because notified area consideration parameters are different."
POSCO's India-based spokesman IG Lee could not immediately be reached for comment. POSCO officials have said it was unlikely to build the plant without assured supply of iron ore.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

60% rise in number of super-rich Indians in...asia-pacific
(The number of dollar millionaires…)
NEW DELHI: The number of dollar millionaires in India is estimated to grow 61% from 1.82 lakh to 2.94 lakh in the next five years, according to the Global Wealth Report 2014 of the Credit Suisse Research Institute. The report says private wealth in India is likely to grow at 9% annually over the next five years, adding more than one lakh dollar millionaires. A dollar millionaire is defined as someone with a net worth of over Rs 6.1 crore.
The Global Wealth Report 2014 says the world's rich became richer in the past year. Global private wealth rose $20.1 trillion (or 8.3%) in the past year to reach $263 trillion. This is the biggest rise in global wealth since 2007. Global wealth is now 20% above the pre-crisis level and 39% above the low of 2008.
In India, while the wealth per adult grew in rupee terms, the depreciation of the currency led to a decline in wealth in dollar terms. The wealth gap also increased in India. In 2000, the richest 10% owned 65.9% of the total wealth in India. In 2014, this increased to 74%, indicating a greater concentration at the top of the pyramid. The report notes that 94.5% of Indian adults have less than $10,000 (Rs 6.1 lakh). In communist-ruled China, the gap is not so stark, with 62.3% of adults having less than $10,000 and 35.4% having between $10,000 and $1,00,000. The global average wealth is $56,000 (Rs 34.2 lakh).
The global middle class will become bigger in the next five years. While the number of adults with wealth below $10,000 will shrink by 1%, the middle class (net worth between $10,000 and $1,00,000) will rise by 30%. The upper-middle class (net worth between $1,00,000 and $1 million) will grow by 22%. Of the additional 401 million adults in the middle segment by 2019, 75% are projected to be from Asia-Pacific (including China and India) and an astonishing 45% are likely to be from China alone, the report notes.
 
While things are looking bright for India, other economies may see faster wealth creation. The 61% rise in dollar millionaires in India will be faster than the 53% rise estimated for the world, But China is likely to witness a 94% rise. Even a smaller economy like Malaysia will see a faster rise at 109%, although on a lower base of 38,000.
Household wealth in India is projected to grow by more than 50% in the next five years, but a lot hinges on government policies. "The 50% estimate could be surpassed if there are fundamental economic reforms," notes the report. On a per-adult basis, the growth rate will be well above the global average, rising by 37% from $4,645 (Rs 2.83 lakh) to $6,400 (Rs 3.9 lakh) per adult.
The world will have more dollar millionaires in next five years
Country  2014  2019  % change    US  14,166  19,705  39    France  2,444  4,160  70    UK  2,043  3,381  66    China  1,181  2,292  94    India  182  294  61    Malaysia  38  79  109    World  34,837  53,162  53 Figures in '000
Source: Global Wealth Report 2014, Credit Suisse
FEATURED ARTICLES

YouTube experts will train you to be a starChandralekha Adoor
(YouTube is planning to conduct…)
NEW DELHI: When Chandralekha Adoor sang Rajahamsame, a popular two-decade old Malayalam film song originally sung by Padmashri KS Chitra, at a family get together for Onam, it turned her life around.
Chandralekha's brother-in-law, Dersan VS, shot a video of her singing and put it on YouTube and her song went viral way back in 2012. Since then, the 34-year-old housewife from Pathanamthitta, Kerala has become a popular singer with a packed itinerary and two feature films in her kitty for playback singing. But this success has been a one-off among millions of such content creators.
The Google-owned video streaming service that gets 1 billion unique users each month globally is planning to formalise what has been an informal act so far, by conducting training programmes on how to best use its platform to create content and make money out of it. YouTube experts will teach all aspects of the platform - how to build an audience how to create videos, how they can use it to reach global audience. It will then get into a revenue share agreement with the creator wherein majority share goes to the content owner.
"In India, we have many such talented artists, and online video has made it easier for them to showcase their talent to the world," said Gautam Anand , director, content and operation, YouTube APAC. "Over 100 hours of video gets uploaded on YouTube every minute and of that, only a tiny percentage ever goes viral, gets tonnes of 'views' and becomes a cultural moment."
India is amongst the top content providing countries for YouTube globally and music is amongst the top content category on YouTube in India and worldwide. As user generated content rises, more so with the emergence of mobile phones, the number of videos getting uploaded on the content sharing site is also expected to rise dramatically.
Mobile makes up almost 40 per cent of YouTube's global watch time. In the last few years, while working with independent creators, the company realised that very little information exists on these topics and most people struggle to get started, even though India is among the top five countries in terms of advertising revenue given to partners or content creators.
YouTube works on revenue share basis where every content creator can sign up for YouTube partner program and decide to earn revenues through advertising. "As the independent content creator eco-system evolves, we want to help shape things in India, so that more creators can make use of the platform and benefit from it," Anand said.
To do this, YouTube will for the first time in India, host 'Indie Music Outreach' workshops starting November 7 in Delhi NCR, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai and Guwahati for local music artists. YouTube experts will teach all aspects of the platform and will train artists across India helping them to understand the process, make the right moves after documenting their talent via video which is only the first step.
"For the first time it will also cover a special session in India for the participants on music video production, where an expert will have practical sessions around how to produce videos economically, shooting with a mobile device, how to use home lights to create effects and post production," Anand added.
YouTube shows ads against videos and shares revenues with video creators wherein majority share goes to the content owner. YouTube runs campaigns to promote fast growing content creators, helping them attain scale.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jayalalithaa to be released  top AIADMK leaders in BangaloreJayalalithaa to walk out anytime now, release order reaches Bangalore jail
HT correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi/Chennai, October 17, 2014
First Published: 12:39 IST(17/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:09 IST(18/10/2014)
Comments
With AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa expected to walk out of  jail in a short while from now, top party leaders including Tamil Nadu chief minister O Panneerselvam, are  in Bangalore to greet her.
The release order by special judge John Michael D'Cunha came after a bond for Rs. 2 crore was furnished and surety of assets offered. Copy of the Supreme Court order was also produced before the court by Jayalalithaa's lawyers.
Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala and her relatives Sudhakaran and Elavarasi also fufilled similar conditions.
 
Jayalalithaa and the three others are likely to be released around 3pm after the special court's release order is furnished to officials of Parappana Agrahara Central Prison where they are lodged.
She will walk out of  the Bangalore jail a day after the Supreme Court granted her bail in the disproportionate assets case and suspended her sentence for two months.
Read: Authorities prepare  for Jaya’s release today
The former chief minister was handed a four-year prison term and a Rs. 100-crore penalty in September after she was convicted by a Bangalore special court for illegally amassing wealth beyond her known sources of income.
The top court also ordered the senior politician, popularly known as Amma, to present all the documents related to the corruption case before the Karnataka High Court by December 18 or her bail would be cancelled.
Watch: Security tightened outside jail ahead of Jayalalitha's release
In her state Tamil Nadu, it is Diwali come early, with AIADMK supporters bursting crackers and dancing on the streets ever since the SC order on her bail came.
The celebrations are expected to peak when Jayalalithaa reaches Chennai later in the day, though she still can't stake claim to the chief minister’s post as the apex court had only suspended her sentence and not her conviction.

WHO faulted for Ebola failures as Obama names Ron Klain as czarWHO admits to botching efforts to stop Ebola spread
AP
print
An internal report revealed that the World Health Organisation (WHO) bungled efforts to halt the spread of Ebola in West Africa. The WHO draft report pointed to serious errors by an agency designated as the international community's leader in coordinating response to outbreaks of disease.
Read: Obama appoints Ron Klain as 'Ebola Czar'
The document- a timeline of the outbreak- found thay WHO missed chances to prevent Ebola from spreading soon after it was first diagnosed in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea in March this year, blaming factors including incompetent staff and a lack of information.
Its own experts failed to grasp that traditional infectious disease containment methods wouldn't work in a region with porous borders and broken health systems, the report found.
The disease has killed more than 4,500 people in Africa.
"Nearly everyone involved in the outbreak response failed to see some fairly plain writing on the wall," WHO said in the report, obtained by The Associated Press. "A perfect storm was brewing, ready to burst open in full force."
The agency's own bureaucracy was part of the problem, the report found. It pointed out that the heads of its country offices in Africa are "politically motivated appointments" made by the WHO regional director for Africa, Dr Luis Sambo, who does not answer to the agency's chief in Geneva, Dr Margaret Chan.
After WHO declared Ebola an international health emergency in August, UN secretary-general Ban Ki-moon stepped in and had the United Nations take overall responsibility for fighting and eliminating the virus, among other things setting up an emergency response mission based in Ghana.
Read: Nations step up Ebola checks as UN appeals for funds
Dr Peter Piot, the co-discoverer of the Ebola virus, agreed that WHO acted far too slowly.
"It's the regional office in Africa that's the front line," said Piot, interviewed at his office in London. "And they didn't do anything. That office is really not competent."
WHO declined to comment on the document, which was not issued publicly, and said that Chan would be unavailable for an interview with the AP.
She did tell Bloomberg News that she "was not fully informed of the evolution of the outbreak. We responded, but our response may not have matched the scale of the outbreak and the complexity of the outbreak."
Meanwhile, President Obama named Ron Klain, a former chief of staff to vice president Joe Biden, as the administration's point man on Ebola.

Will discuss Mumbai infra issues with PM: Maharashtra GovernorCh Vidyasagar Rao
(The Governor made the announcement…)
MUMBAI: Maharashtra Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao today said he will discuss various issues related to the development of infrastructure in Mumbai with Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
The Governor made the announcement while speaking to executive committee members of Bombay First, a city-based think tank, at Raj Bhavan.
The group made an extensive presentation before the Governor on 'Vision Mumbai 2052' flagging the infrastructure status and challenges of Mumbai, a Raj Bhavan spokesperson said.
The vision document presented a grim scenario of population, work force, demand for housing and the state of infrastructure in Mumbai by 2052.
Bombay First chairman Narinder Nair said 17 government agencies run the city with little or no coordination.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Much to fear from Gadkari’s grandiose plan for Mumbai’s docklandMuch to fear from Nitin Gadkari’s grandiose plan for Mumbai’s dockland
By Bachi Karkaria, ET Bureau | 17 Oct, 2014, 12.17PM IST
Dockland renewal plan again offers  30% for open space, but who can believe that too will not be doomed to Mumbai’s siren song of encroachment. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
He used to be called 'Mr Flyover'when he was Maharashtra's PWD minister in the late 1990s because of the 55 spans he had planned for Mumbai. In his bigger avatar at the Centre, Nitin Gadkari is clearly in no mood to subject his ambitions to bariatric surgery. His shipping and ports ministry has set up a committee to prepare a draft plan to exploit commercially some 1,000 of the 1,800 acres owned by the Mumbai Port Trust, and turn this decrepitude into a 'vibrant zone'.
For decades now, most shipping has moved further down to Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust or Gujarat's booming ports. So the earmarked zone, equal to a jaw-dropping 130 Nariman Points, is now pocked by rundown buildings, shabby warehouses, tinpot scrap shops, opportunistic shanties and the skeletal remains of a frenetic dock which serviced Mumbai's fortune-spinning mills for a glorious century.
So, you'd think that the promise of a phoenix rising from this depressing mess would send hallelujahs ringing to the suspended particulate matter laden skies. Alas, the only heart leaping is that of the unrepentant urban villain, the politician-developer nexus.
Those who really care for Mumbai are gripped with a sinking deja vu. In 1991 the city had awaited a similar redemption: the opening up of 600 acres of defunct mill land, like this dock area, right in prime south and central Mumbai. Then, too, the vision of cheap, decent housing and 160 acres of open space had dangled tantalisingly within reach - only to be plucked away by a sleight of hand.
Development Control Rule 58, meant to be a three-part division of all mill land, was surreptitiously amended in 2001 by chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh to apply only to vacant land. Every small shed dotting the mill sprawl was now counted as 'built area'. So, Mumbai got only one-fifth of its expected due. To the notorious duo of politician-deve-loper, add the mill-owners whose cobwebbed inheritance now turned to real estate gold.
Charles Correa's brilliant, integra-ted plan for development of the mill lands was junked. Today the folly of haphazard, greedy, builder-ordained growth is painfully evident in the new smokeless stacks arrogantly spearing the skyline amidst every symptom of urban blight.
Which is why only scepticism greets the announcement of a new Gotham of commercial establishments, convention centres and entertainment zones. The promised leisurescape of marinas and parks threatens to become a garish mess of food stalls, floating hotels and that new houri of tourist paradise, the London Eye wannabe.
The dockland renewal plan again offers a seductive 30% for open space, but who can believe that too will not be doomed to Mumbai's siren song of encroachment. Funds for public advantage can come only through commercial exploitation of a portion of former depressed areas. Across the world, this is a given. But in India's rampaging urbania, all the soothing bits meant for the beleaguered citizen are invariably taken away.
Globally, the post-industrial age is littered with the debris of obsolescence. Disused mills, automobile factories, railway lines and docks became the 'rust belt' of cities flaunting new avatars. Change is not just inevitable, but desirable. Yet the best examples of urban regeneration show us that 'development' is not just mall-to-mall carpeting. Yes, the condos and office blocks are there, but so are the spaces for art galleries, craft centres, sporting facilities and simply swathes of clean, breathable green for the old, young and in-between.
Mumbai desperately needs a make-over of its decrepit docklands, but for the needs of its space-starved citizens not the greed of builders, netas and file-blocking babus. This grossly underutilised stretch is not just an eyesore, but a criminal waste. An honest regeneration plan must be accelerated and not stymied.
Page 1 of 2

Canara Bank says to raise up to 850 million rupees through share saleCanara Bank says to raise up to 850 million rupees through share sale
Heavily polluted India launches national air quality indexHeavily polluted India launches national air quality index
Jayalalithaa to be released today afternoon from Bangalore jailJayalalithaa to be released today afternoon from Bangalore jail
US plane on secret mission returns to EarthUS plane on secret mission returns to Earth
Global Events  State Election Results Key For MarketsGlobal Events  State Election Results Key For Markets
Coal block auction in 3 months: FinMin officialCoal block auction in 3 months: FinMin official
Forex reserves surge by US $1.30 bn  snap 5-week fallForex reserves surge by US $1.30 bn  snap 5-week fall
Hyundai might develop car from scratch in IndiaHi Guest
Hyundai might develop car from scratch in India
Hyundai Motor India Engineering could be upgraded from a customisation clinic to a development hub Hyundai could explore building a car from scratch in India, independent of expertise from South Korea. Hyundai Motor India, the country’s second-largest car maker, could follow in market leader Maruti Suzuki’s footsteps, giving more power to its local research and development (R&D) centre to facilitate the development of new cars. Maruti Suzuki, which accounts for every second car ...

IFCI plans to raise upto Rs 2 000 crore via NCDsYou are here: Home > Collections
IFCI plans to raise upto Rs 2,000 crore via NCDs
ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 07.19AM IST
Tags:
bonds
(The issuance will open on…)
MUMBAI: State-owned IFCI, which lends to large projects, is planning to raise up to Rs 2,000 crore by selling bonds through a public issuance of non-convertible debentures or NCDs with maturities of five, seven and 10 years. The securities will offer 9.80-10% in different categories.
The issuance will open on October 20 and is expected to close by November 21. The core issue size is Rs 250 crore with an oversubscription option of Rs 1,750 crore.
"We have seen slight uptick in project financing," said Malay Mukherjee, chief executive and managing director of IFCI. "Going forward, we are planning to borrow more by selling bonds than taking bank loans. This will help us bring down the cost of funds by at least 1%."
IFCI's current cost of funds is about 9.40% on average. The company meets its borrowing requirements through bank loans (40%) and capital market borrowings (60%).
So far, the company has earmarked 40% of the issue size for retail investors while the rest is meant to be equally distributed among qualified institutional borrowers, corporates and high net worth individuals.
"After a long time, we are bringing a public issue. This bond issue is primarily aimed at retail investors. Depending on the (subscription) response we may increase the retail portion," said Mukherjee.
The bonds are rated A and AA- by domestic rating companies ICRA and Brickwork .
The government owns 55% stake in IFCI but it is trying to increase its share through acquisition of preference shares, Mukherjee said.
SBI Capital Markets, Edelweiss Financial Services, RR Capital and AK Capital are the four arrangers for the issue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

POSCO: Odisha govt delays stand on iron ore licencePOSCO: Odisha govt delays stand on iron ore licence
Mutual Funds Newsletter - October 13 to 17  2014Mutual Funds Newsletter - October 13 to 17  2014
Obama appoints  Ebola czar   WHO blamed for bungled responseWHO admits to botching efforts to stop Ebola spread
AP
print
An internal report revealed that the World Health Organisation (WHO) bungled efforts to halt the spread of Ebola in West Africa. The WHO draft report pointed to serious errors by an agency designated as the international community's leader in coordinating response to outbreaks of disease.
Read: Obama appoints Ron Klain as 'Ebola Czar'
The document- a timeline of the outbreak- found thay WHO missed chances to prevent Ebola from spreading soon after it was first diagnosed in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea in March this year, blaming factors including incompetent staff and a lack of information.
Its own experts failed to grasp that traditional infectious disease containment methods wouldn't work in a region with porous borders and broken health systems, the report found.
The disease has killed more than 4,500 people in Africa.
"Nearly everyone involved in the outbreak response failed to see some fairly plain writing on the wall," WHO said in the report, obtained by The Associated Press. "A perfect storm was brewing, ready to burst open in full force."
The agency's own bureaucracy was part of the problem, the report found. It pointed out that the heads of its country offices in Africa are "politically motivated appointments" made by the WHO regional director for Africa, Dr Luis Sambo, who does not answer to the agency's chief in Geneva, Dr Margaret Chan.
After WHO declared Ebola an international health emergency in August, UN secretary-general Ban Ki-moon stepped in and had the United Nations take overall responsibility for fighting and eliminating the virus, among other things setting up an emergency response mission based in Ghana.
Read: Nations step up Ebola checks as UN appeals for funds
Dr Peter Piot, the co-discoverer of the Ebola virus, agreed that WHO acted far too slowly.
"It's the regional office in Africa that's the front line," said Piot, interviewed at his office in London. "And they didn't do anything. That office is really not competent."
WHO declined to comment on the document, which was not issued publicly, and said that Chan would be unavailable for an interview with the AP.
She did tell Bloomberg News that she "was not fully informed of the evolution of the outbreak. We responded, but our response may not have matched the scale of the outbreak and the complexity of the outbreak."
Meanwhile, President Obama named Ron Klain, a former chief of staff to vice president Joe Biden, as the administration's point man on Ebola.

They tend to forget my contributionsTweet
0
Kohli during a practice session.After 15 Test and ODI innings without a half-century, Virat Kohli showed signs of a return to form when he scored 62 in the second ODI against West Indies in Delhi. Kohli said he worked hard on his game during the break between the England tour and the start of the series against West Indies, and felt his confidence was returning.
"I think as a cricketer, you find out things about yourself [while out of form] which you're not aware of when you're scoring runs," Kohli said ahead of the fourth ODI in Dharamsala. "It's only when you don't score runs and get out in a particular manner that you address these issues and I've gone back and worked on them.
"I've worked hard over the past two weeks, during which I've attended two different camps and concentrated on the areas I have to improve on. At the international stage, it requires just one innings to get your confidence back and I believe if you're well mentally, everything falls in place.
"I felt good in the last game. I stuck to the basics and decided to go after the bowler rather than letting the bowler come to me. Once I got my confidence back, it was easy going from that point onwards."
Most of Kohli's recent dismissals have been the result of playing away from his body and edging the ball outside off stump. Kohli said recovering mental confidence was a more important step in regaining form than the work he did on his technique.
"It's very easy to let it [getting out the same way] affect you but I choose not to," Kohli said. "At times, it does play on your mind and this is where as batsman you go back to the basics and improve. At the end of the day, it's all about the mental confidence and letting your instincts take over," Kohli said. "Having that break was really good. I got to work on my game and went in this ODI series with a positive mindset."
Kohli said the criticism he faced during his rough patch made him understand people better.
"It's funny in a way," he said. "The moment I don't score runs, people are very quick to criticise. They tend to forget my contributions in the last 4-5 years. I've been scoring consistently in all three formats of the game. At the same time - I'm not bragging about it - that's my nature; the way I like to play the game.
"You will have a bad patch and it is then you get to know the people who actually support you and those who are ready to rip you apart. I've seen a lot of people change, 360 degrees actually but that doesn't surprise me anymore. All I know is that I've got to feel good in my head and that's what gives me confidence."
Kohli praised the role played by Ravi Shastri as team director in raising the team's morale after their 3-1 defeat in the Test series in England.
"He [Shastri] is doing something that a lot of people choose not to do - bring confidence to the team, no matter what situation we are in," Kohli said. "I think it's very easy to demean and point fingers at a team and when you have someone like him who has has been around for so long, it helps a youngster go up to him and talk about his game."
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Global markets witness carnageGlobal markets witness carnage
Axis Bank Q2 net up 18% at Rs 1 611 croreAxis Bank Q2 net up 18% at Rs 1 611 crore
Modi govt makes U-turn on black moneyModi govt makes U-turn on black money
EU  Japan hold joint counter-piracy exerciseEU  Japan hold joint counter-piracy exercise
Arun Jaitley sets up panel on powerArun Jaitley sets up panel on power
Rich-poor gap in US at highest in 100 yrs: Janet YellenRich-poor gap in US at highest in 100 yrs: Janet Yellen
DLF moves tribunal to contest Sebi bardlf moves tribunal to contest sebi bar
Disappointing TCS  HCL Tech numbers leave IT defencelessYou are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
Disappointing TCS, HCL Tech numbers leave IT defenceless
ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 06.57AM IST
Tags:
Anil Chanana
(Tata Consultancy Services…)
Tata Consultancy Services and HCL Technologies each declined about 9 per cent on Friday, the worst daily fall in at least five years and HCL Technologies each declined about 9 per cent on Friday, the worst daily fall in at least five years, amid investor concern over growth prospects after the financial performance of both software exporters in the September quarter missed analysts' expectations.
The 10-share S&P BSE IT index dropped 4 per cent while the benchmark Sensex gained 0.4 per cent. TCS reported revenue of $3,929 million for the quarter, compared with expectations of about $3,975 million. HCL Tech's revenue grew 1.9 per centsequentially to $1,433 million, lower than the analysts' estimate of over 3.5 per cent. HCL Tech fell 9.09 per cent to Rs 1,505.55 and TCS closed 8.73 per cent lower at Rs 2,444.90, the biggest losers on the IT index. Both companies said they were hurt by unfavourable cross-currency movements.
The dollar appreciated 3.4 per cent against the euro during the quarter from the preceding quarter, affecting the dollar revenue of IT exporters adversely. "The appreciation of the dollar against the euro wiped out over 130 basis points from the revenue growth," Anil Chanana , chief financial officer of HCL Technologies, told ET. "Barring this, the constant currency revenue growth was a healthy 3.2 per cent."
For TCS, apart from the currency hit, there was an unexpected slowdown in project rollouts. "Ramp-up of some of the projects did not happen as expected. We still delivered a robust sequential growth of 6.1 per centin volumes," said Rajesh Gopinathan, chief financial officer, TCS. Both TCS and HCL Tech reiterated optimism about future growth, backed by continued addition of clients, a stable pricing trend and higher employee intake during the September quarter.
CMC, another Tata group company, fell over 14 per cent to Rs 1,872.65 after its board approved its merger with TCS. As per the scheme of amalgamation, CMC shareholders will receive 79 TCS shares for every 100 CMC shares they own. The ratio as of Thursday's price was a 3 per centdiscount for CMC.
"The discount should have been higher, given CMC's lower growth and margin as compared to TCS, though this will have marginal impact on earnings," said Rumit Dugar, an IT analyst at Religare. As per Friday's closing price, the value of 100 CMC shares was Rs 1.87 lakh while 79 TCS shares were worth Rs 1.93 lakh.
All stocks on the IT index closed lower. Infosys, which fell 0.3%, declined the least. KPIT and Mindtree lost 2.27 per cent each, Tech Mahindra fell 1.28 per centand Wipro dropped 1.08 per cent. "IT stocks came under selling pressure as the Street reacted to TCS' outlook, which indicated that it may not be able to beat FY14 growth rate of 16.2 per cent," said Sanjeev Zarbade, VP at Kotak Securities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Long-term bonds a good bet for debt investmentsLong term bonds a good option for debt fund investments
By Jwalit Vyas & Suraj Sowkar, ET Bureau | 16 Oct, 2014, 07.47AM IST
A short-term debt fund invests in debt securities of less than one-year duration. When interest rates drop, new securities offer lower returns.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
With a change in the interest rates cycle expected to shadow a softening of inflation, many debt fund investors may be weighing the option of exiting from short-term funds and investing in long-term bond funds. With signs of bond yields dipping (and bond prices rising) in the secondary market, investors can try out the strategy as long as they make a mental note of some of the risks.
A short-term debt fund invests in debt securities of less than one-year duration. When interest rates drop, new securities that are purchased by an asset manager offer lower interest rate returns. Longer duration bonds, on the other hand, become more valuable following a rate cut, benefitting investors through higher return and capital gains.
"We feel that the 2016 target of 6 per cent inflation may be achieved. We expect RBI to start cutting rates from early next year. Since we are on the start of lower interest rate cycle, it is advisable to exit from short-term funds and invest in longer-duration bond funds," said R Sivakumar, head of fixed income & products at Axis Mutual Fund .
Agrees Balasubramanium, CEO at Birla Sun Life: "We expect rates being revised downwards gradually, because of which we are suggesting our clients to go for funds with longer duration of 3 to 5 years."
But how should an investor read the inflation data? While the consumer price index (CPI, the new inflation benchmark that RBI tracks, has dropped significantly, it may again inch up post November when the base effect (due to a higher index value a year ago) wanes. It's widely believed that RBI will test the resilience of the CPI data, whether it continues to be under control, before going ahead with rate cuts. This is unlikely to happen February. "CPI may increase beyond November onwards to 6.5 per cent to 7 per cent, but RBI's target of 6 per cent inflation is achievable with some support from the government," said Devendra Nevgi , CEO at ZyFin advisors.
What's the Risk? With all the macro factors in favour, a rally is possible in longduration bonds. "But investors should remember that long bond funds, which include categories like G-Sec schemes, income schemes and dynamic bond funds, come with a lot of volatility as was witnessed in the duration call given by the mutual fund industry in January 2013," said Sunil Jhaveri of MSJ Capital & Corporate Services.
In January 2013, a similar situation existed and the long-term bond prices started appreciating.
The rally lasted till April 2013, after which the US Fed announced tapering of QE3 and there was a panic as foreign investors started pulling out money. Later, RBI raised interest rates against expectations of cutting interest rates. One risk could be US Fed raising interest rates earlier than expected. Keeping this in mind, investors should consider exiting when the time is right.
Page 1 of 2

Geo-mapping to speed up green approvalsYou are here: Home > Collections
Geographic information system to speed up green approvals for industrial purposes
Vishwa Mohan & Sidhartha, TNN Oct 18, 2014, 12.35PM IST
Tags:
Decision support system
(The GIS-based decision…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre's ongoing efforts to streamline green clearance process for industrial, infrastructure, mining and power projects will soon get another boost with the environment ministry planning to launch a Geographic Information System (GIS)-based decision support mechanism this month which will help decision makers in taking informed decision quickly and in a transparent manner.
The GIS-based decision support system (DSS) will contain high resolution satellite imagery and ground details of forest cover, types of green patch, eco-sensitive zones of protected areas, biological richness, landscape and net present value (NPV) of the region and state-wise forest cover that needs to be diverted for non forest works.
Developed by the Dehradun-based Forest Survey of India (FSI), the system will also have details on notified tiger corridors, other important migratory corridors, habitat of rare and endangered flora and fauna amongst others.
"The first version of this system will be launched in a day or two. It will be fully operational by the end of this month," said an environment ministry official. The availa bility of all data on a single platform will help authorities get information quickly . It will also form a platform for day-to-day monitoring of patrolling and surveillance for forest cover and wildlife. "The data will help in calculating NPV (the amount paid for diversion of forest land for nonforest works) by any person in few seconds," the official said, adding that non-availability of such data on time used to delay many clearances.
The DSS will be the third high-tech platform to smoothen green clearance processes. The other two are Online environment clearance (EC) system and the online forest clearance (FC) .
The earlier practice of first giving EC before moving on to the forest clearance proposals used to delay the projects under the UPA government . Many key projects, including of Army and Navy , had got stuck due to the cumbersome process leading to administrative paralysis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Virat ton seals India winKohli ton gives India the series as West Indies abandon tour
4TH ODI, DHARAMSALA—West Indies bowled out for 271 chasing 331. India's top-order weighs in heavily.
By Abhishek Purohit | ESPNcricinfo –  Fri 17 Oct, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
India 330 for 6 (Kohli 127, Raina 71, Rahane 68) beat West Indies 271 (Samuels 112, Bhuvneshwar 2-25, Akshar 2-26) by 59 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Virat Kohli cracked his 20th ODI hundred, Suresh Raina and Ajinkya Rahane made fifties as India comfortably downed a seemingly eager-to-leave West Indies in Dharamsala. The news that West Indies' tour had been cut short due to the players' payment dispute with their board broke during India's innings, and the visitors backed that up with shoddy fielding and bowling performances. Marlon Samuels overcame a struggle of a start to make his seventh ODI century, but barring Andre Russell 's belated and brief blitz, the rest of the line-up sank after India had racked up 330. India took the five-match series 2-1, with the third ODI washed out by a cyclone and the fifth cancelled by West Indies' pullout.
Kohli: first hundred since FebruaryThere was more bounce in the Dharamsala track than on most Indian ODI pitches, but it was useful to the bowling side only when backed by serious pace. West Indies weren't really willing to bend their backs barring the odd occasion. They were eager to bowl short, though, and continued to do so throughout the innings. And India kept hooking and pulling harmless stomach-high bouncers to the short boundaries.
As early as the first ball of the second over, Shikhar Dhawan showed there was nothing to worry about the bouncers short on intent as he pulled Jason Holder for four. West Indies refused to learn and Dhawan helped himself to easy boundaries.
Ajinkya Rahane was timing the ball superbly at the other end, caressing full deliveries both sides of the wicket. West Indies tried bowling wide with a packed off-side field, but he disturbed those plans by stepping out and going leg side.
The stand had grown to 70 in the 12th over when Russell combined pace with bounce and Dhawan, not for the first time, top-edged an awkward hook to the deep. West Indies had an opportunity to claw back further in Russell's next over, but Jerome Taylor spilled a simple chance at fine leg off another top-edged hook, reprieving Rahane on 38.
Kohli, at No. 4, had made his first fifty across Tests and ODIs since February in the previous game. Back at his usual No. 3 position today, he had his ODI-autopilot mode on from ball one, to which he leaned forward solidly and pushed a single to cover. There was some turn and bounce for the spinners, and Kohli wasn't going to go after anything unless it was too wide or short. He and Rahane collected 72 at just under five an over without taking any risk, and it took an incorrect leg-before decision against Rahane, on 68, to break the partnership.
India were 142 for 2 when Rahane went in the 27th over. Kohli and Raina nearly doubled that with a 138-run stand that took 108 balls.
West Indies had gone overboard with the short ball; they weren't going to hold back against Raina. But even he wasn't troubled with their half-hearted, predictable offerings as he swiped and pulled five sixes on way to 71 off 58.
Raina and Kohli collected 52 off the batting Powerplay, and India took 94 off the last ten overs as West Indies, who had been threatening to do so all the time, completely lost it in the field. The dropped chances, overthrows and misfields piled up.
Kohli reached his hundred on an overthrow off his 101st delivery, and he and MS Dhoni were both put down in the same over. Kohli ended with 127 off 114.
Samuels responded with 112 off 106 and was last man out as the rest crumbled around him, despite the considerable dew soaking the outfield in the cool mountain weather. Samuels was peppered with bouncers, especially by Mohammed Shami, when he came in but he survived and hit back with the odd boundary before taking 47 off the 29 deliveries he faced from Ravindra Jadeja .
Jadeja went for 2 for 80 from nine overs, while the second left-arm spinner in the XI, Akshar Patel, returned 2 for 26 from ten. Akshar conceded just one boundary from his quota, and broke the 56-run third-wicket stand between Samuels and Darren Bravo , who fell for a steady 40.
Bhuvneshwar Kumar had tied up the top order with prodigious swing under lights. Kieron Pollard , promoted to No. 3, could not put bat to ball, unable to figure out which way it was swinging. When Bhuvneshwar ended Pollard's crawl on 6 off 31, West Indies were 27 for 2 in 11 overs. West Indies kept losing wickets, and though Russell powered 46 off 23 at No. 8, they had already slipped too far behind on the asking-rate.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Oil and Gas Round Up - October 13 to 17  2014Oil and Gas Round Up - October 13 to 17  2014
Corporate : Tata Power s arm launches latest product line in LED home lightingCorporate : Tata Power s arm launches latest product line in LED home lighting
Mahindra Lifespace Q2 net up 21% at Rs 23.5crMahindra Lifespace Q2 net up 21% at Rs 23.5cr
Corporate : Sagar Cements gets final nod to acquire 100% stake in BMM CementsCorporate : Sagar Cements gets final nod to acquire 100% stake in BMM Cements
Himgiri Foods to hold board meetingHimgiri Foods to hold board meeting
Black money: Congress says Narendra Modi betrayed people  attacks Ramdev  Kiran BediBlack money: Congress says Narendra Modi betrayed people  attacks Ramdev  Kiran Bedi
I too was a victim of molestation: Mary KomComments
The nation might be celebrating Mary Kom’s gold at the Incheon Asian Games, but the champion boxer disclosed that she was allegedly molested during a camp in Rohtak some time back. “I was out for a walk when a man came from behind and touched me. The incident happened in 2004,” she told HT on Wednesday.
Mary was witness to another incident in the Capital in 2006. “I was passing through Lodi Colony with my friend, Jennifer, when two men on a bike approached us and patted her,” said Mary.
What happened in Delhi occurred again back home in Manipur. “I was going to the church when a rickshaw puller tried to molest me. I chased him with a slipper but he managed to escape. Such shameless acts happen not only in Delhi, they can occur anywhere, to anybody,” said the assistant superintendent of police in Manipur.
The five-time world champion rued the fact that while the nation was celebrating her success at the Asiad, people from the north-east were being subjected to hate crimes in parts of the country.
On Tuesday, a Manipuri student was attacked in Bangalore, and a day later two men from Nagaland were brutally beaten up in Gurgaon.
“We are Indians, our medals are for India. Discrimination should not happen to anyone. It is unfortunate, but before jumping to a conclusion one should find out who was at fault. No one has the right to beat or kill anyone,” said Mary.
Sarita Devi, who also hails from Manipur and won a bronze in boxing at Incheon, echoed Mary’s view.
“People should understand that we are also Indians and love our country. We compete for India not for a particular state. Every Indian should feel proud that people from the north-east are contributing to India’s success. Earlier, people did not know where Manipur was, but because of sport, India is now celebrating our success.”

Pakistan violates ceasefire again along International Border  LoCPakistan army violates ceasefire again along LoC
PTI  Jammu, October 18, 2014
First Published: 08:54 IST(18/10/2014) | Last Updated: 07:08 IST(19/10/2014)
Comments
Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire twice by firing on forward posts along the LoC and International Border in Poonch and Jammu districts, drawing retaliation from the Army.
There have been four ceasefire violations along the IB and LoC in Jammu and Poonch districts during the past over 24 hours.
"Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire and resorted to small arms and automatic weapons firing on Indian posts along the LoC in Hamirpur sector of Poonch district around 8pm Friday night, a senior Army officer said today.
Troops gave a befitting reply to the Pakistani firing, resulting in exchanges which continued till 9.20pm.
There was no loss of life or injury to anyone in the firing.
Pakistani rangers resorted to firing on BoPs in Makwal and Allah Mahi Da Kothay (AMK) areas in Jammu district Friday evening, a BSF officer said, adding, "it was a minor firing".
 
Earlier, Pakistani troops had violated the ceasefire in Hamirpur sector twice on Thursday night and Friday morning, drawing retaliation from Indian troops.
Read: Pak violates ceasefire twice along LoC in Poonch
Pakistan had earlier violated the ceasefire by resorting to firing and mortar shelling along the LoC in Saujian-Kirni-Shahpur belts of Poonch on October 15 in which seven-year-old Riyaz of Kuiyian Gotirian village was injured.
Meanwhile, a villager injured in Pakistani mortar shelling succumbed to injuries in Government Medical College (GMC) Hospital in Jammu, taking the toll to nine in recent incidents of ceasefire violations.
The IB and LoC in Jammu region have witnessed heavy firing and mortar shelling by Pakistani troops since October 1, leaving nine persons dead and over 95 injured, including 13 security men.
Around 30,000 people have fled their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.

Nigeria claims deal with Boko Haram to free kidnapped girlsprint
Officials and campaigners on Saturday anxiously awaited further news about the fate of more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls after Nigeria claimed to have reached a deal with Boko Haram militants to secure their release.
Chief of Defence Staff Air Marshal Alex Badeh told senior military officials from Nigeria and Cameroon meeting in Abuja on Friday that a "ceasefire agreement" had been concluded between the government and the insurgents.
"I have accordingly directed the service chiefs to ensure immediate compliance with this development," he added.
Badeh's announcement came after a senior aide to President Goodluck Jonathan, Hassan Tukur, told AFP an agreement to end hostilities had been reached following talks, as well as for the release of 219 girls held captive since April.
But a precedent of previous government and military claims about an end to the deadly five-year conflict and the fate of the missing teenagers left many observers cautious.
Jonathan is expected to declare his bid for re-election in the coming weeks, and positive news about the hostages and the violence would likely give him a political boost.
Shehu Sani, a Boko Haram expert who has negotiated with the group on behalf of the government said he had "never heard" of Danladi Ahmadu, whom Tukur claimed represented the militants at talks.
Ralph Bello-Fadile an advisor to Nigeria's National Security Advisor (NSA), said the NSA has been inundated with fraudsters claiming to represent Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau.
"Government wants to negotiate but so far nobody has come forward who speaks for Shekau," he told a Chatham House conference in Abuja on Monday.
The Nigerian government's own security spokesman, Mike Omeri, also said that no deal had yet been reached on releasing the girls.
The United States said it could not confirm whether a deal had taken place.
"Obviously, we would welcome an end to hostilities, a restoration of security and, I think it should go without saying, would welcome the release of those girls that have been gone far too long. But we cannot independently confirm that at this point," said State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf.
"This ceasefire is incredibly promising, but we aren't there yet - until every girl is released negotiations must continue," added Hussaini Abdu, the country director for ActionAid Nigeria.
Chad talks
Tukur said he represented the government at two meetings with the Islamists in Chad, which were mediated by the country's President Idriss Deby.
"Boko Haram issued the ceasefire as a result of the discussions we have been having with them," said Tukur, adding that Ahmadu made the announcement on Thursday evening.
"They have agreed to release the Chibok girls," he continued, referring to the girls seized in northeast Nigeria on April 14, causing global outrage.
Leaders of the Bring Back Our Girls campaign, which has been pressuring the government to act, gave a cautious welcome to a possible release.
"We are monitoring the news with huge expectations," they said on Twitter.
Ndjamena refused to comment but security sources in the country said Chad, which Jonathan visited for talks with Deby early last month, had been involved in the discussions.
The source also said a ceasefire agreement was reached as well as the release of 27 hostages, 10 of them Chinese nationals, who were kidnapped in northern Cameroon earlier this year.
The release of the hostages last weekend was "a first strong signal" from Boko Haram to prove their good faith, the source added but did not mention the schoolgirls.
Cameroon announced on Friday that eight of its soldiers and 107 Boko Haram fighters were killed during fierce fighting in its far north region on Wednesday and Thursday.
A police officer told AFP that at least 30 civilians had been killed by Boko Haram before the military ambush.
In Nigeria, unidentified gunmen on Friday killed eight people on a road near Shaffa village in Borno state, two local residents said, but it was not clear if the attack was by militants.
The incident, however, happened near where a prominent Muslim leader, the Emir of Gwoza, was killed by Boko Haram militants in May.
Discrepancies
Ahmadu gave an interview broadcast on Friday on the Hausa language service of Voice of America radio in which he claimed to be the group's "chief security officer" and in charge of publicity.
He made no mention of an end to hostilities and was vague on details of the apparent talks, even claiming not to have met Shekau.
He also referred to the jihadi group as Boko Haram, a name that means 'Western education is forbidden' which was imposed on the Islamist radicals by outsiders. The insurgents themselves never use the term.
The group's known leaders have exclusively used the name Jama'atu Ahlis Sunna Lidda'awati wal-Jihad, which means "People Committed to the Propagation of the Prophet's Teachings and Jihad".
He made no reference to the Chibok girls and did not list the creation of an Islamic state in Nigeria's mainly Muslim north - the core, unwavering Boko Haram demand since the uprising began.
Shekau has in a series of video messages since 2012 ruled out talks with the government and said northern Nigeria will never know peace until sharia (Islamic law) is strictly enforced.
Envoys from Nigeria's presidency have made similar ceasefire claims in the past, notably Jonathan's Minister for Special Duties Taminu Turaki, who led a so-called amnesty commission in 2013 that was tasked with brokering peace.
But nothing materialised from Turaki's protracted negotiations. Shekau said that he never sent delegates to any talks and attacks continued at a relentless pace.

Toyota to recall 1 880 Lexus vehicles in ChinaToyota to recall 1 880 Lexus vehicles in China
Protesters take back key parts of Hong KongProtesters take back key parts of Hong Kong
Amid global growth jitters  why India is in a sweet spotAmid global growth jitters  why India is in a sweet spot
Real Estate Round Up - October 13 to 17  2014Real Estate Round Up - October 13 to 17  2014
Cupid to hold board meetingCupid to hold board meeting
Tata Power s arm launches latest product line in LED home lightingTata Power s arm launches latest product line in LED home lighting
Sagar Cements gets final nod to acquire 100% stake in BMM CementsSagar Cements gets final nod to acquire 100% stake in BMM Cements
Canara Bank to raise Rs 80 crore through QIPCanara Bank to raise Rs 80 crore through QIP
Achhe Din globally may make it easier for Modi governmentYou are here: Home > Collections > Iea
Low crude oil and other commodity prices globally to bring respite to Narendra Modi government
ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 10.38AM IST
Tags:
achhe din
(Petrol prices are at a 16-month…)
Global commodities have tumbled in recent months, ending an extended bull run that had hurt India by widening the current account and fiscal deficits, besides raising subsidies and weakening the rupee . All this is now reversing. Petrol prices are at a 16-month low, cooking oil and rubber are at a five-year low. Sugar and cotton are also down. This augurs well for a lower rate of inflation .
Why is oil falling?
Supply has increased substantially while demand outlook is weak
US shale output has risen significantly
OPEC shows no signs of cutting output
Saudi Arabia not willing to bear burden. It increased Sep output 0.5% to 9.65 million barrels per day
IEA has cut global energy demand forecast four months in a row
IMF has scaled down the outlook for global economic growth
Has oil bottomed out?
Bank of America and BNP Paribas SA say prices to hold above $80 a barrel
Analysts divided, but oil rose to $87 on Friday
Oil below $80 can make some shale fields unviable
Saudi Arabia may let oil fall to keep some suppliers out
Oil likely to fall further if OPEC does not cut supply
OPEC supplies only 40% of global oil.
What can make oil rise again?
Revival in economic growth in Europe and Asia Any output cut by OPEC Turmoil in the Middle East spikes to disrupt supply
Does oil affect other commodities?
Impacts Sugar. More cane is used for sugar, as ethanol unattractive at low oil prices
Reflects weak economic growth which affects other commodities
FEATURED ARTICLES

Upbeat Infosys  TCS to hire in thousands | MNCs use social media to recruitAfter 2 lacklustre years, IT companies like TCS, Infosys, HCL Tech to hire in thousands from campuses
Jochelle Mendonca, ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 10.49AM IST
Tags:
(TCS will also make 800 offers…)
By Richa Maheshwari
MUMBAI|BANGALORE: After a few tepid years at college campuses, information technology companies are back to hiring in big numbers as Tata Consultancy Services , Infosys and HCL Technologies ramp up recruitment. This is good news to the over 1.5 million engineers who graduate from the country's colleges every year and are struggling to land a job due to an oversupply of talent.
Tata Consultancy Services, India's largest IT services company , said it will hire 35,000 freshers for fiscal 2016, boosting its rate of campus recruitment.The company hired 25,000 from campuses in fiscal 2015. Robust growth prospects led to the company raising the figure, TCS' human resources head Ajoy Mukherjee told ET.
TCS will also make 800 offers in the United States as part of its plan to bring 500 freshers from the United States on its rolls in fiscal 2016. In the current financial year, the company is hiring 400 US freshers.
Engineering colleges have also noticed the uptick. Last month, VIT in Tamil Nadu saw Wipro, Infosys and Cognizant, among others, making more offers than the previous year. While Wipro made 1,141 job offers, Accenture made 1,324 offers. Similarly , Infosys made 1,452 offers and Cognizant 1,911. "I think we see more appetite to take on more freshers and entry level hires as well," said Prithvi Shergill, chief human resource officer at HCL Technologies. "I think there will always be fluctuations, but yes , we are seeing an upward trend in entry level hiring." He declined to give the company's fresher hiring numbers for the next financial year.
Bangalore-based Infosys has also said it would hire between 15,000-16,000 freshers for the current financial year, a sharp increase from the 6,000 freshers it hired in fiscal 2013. The company has not re vealed its campus hiring figure for the next financial year.
The increased hiring from campuses comes as the IT industry is preparing for higher growth. "It is a good sign because fresher hiring tends to be considered a lead ing indicator for how companies view fu ture demand. While the jobs are good for the freshers, I don't think their starting salaries will be rising," an analyst with a Mumbai based brokerage told ET. He declined to be identified because he is not authorised to talk to the media. IT companies count on freshers to keep costs low. Analyst firm HfS estimated that TCS effectively achieved a 6.3% reduction in average employee costs every year over 2007-2013. During this peri od, the percentage of new graduates hired of the total rose from 50% to 80%.
"Fresher hiring continues and has to con tinue mainly because it is one of the impor tant levers to manage the cost and to ensure that they balance the pyramid," said Sunda raman Viswanathan, management consult ant at Zinnov Management Consultancy .
"The fresher hiring will be there for at least the next three-five years and the levels will be maintained." Part of the reason for this is that wage hikes in the industry have drop0 ped to single digits and starting salaries for a new graduates have been stagnant for over t four years as oversupply and softness in the IT industry pressured wages. TCS' Mukhert jee said the company had not changed fresh er salaries for the offers it had made for the s next financial year.
(With additional inputs from Neha Alawadhi in New Delhi)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Meet Amit Shah s team that helped BJP in Haryana | Maha CM race: Fadnavis leadsYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
How Amit Shah and his team of four leaders helped BJP take roots in Haryana
Raghav Ohri, ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 10.53AM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(These BJP leaders operated…)
CHANDIGARH:For over one and a half months, a few bigwigs from the BJP camped in Rohtak, the constituency of Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda, shaping the party's campaign in the state ahead of the elections that took place on October 15.
If the BJP emerges as the single largest party after the votes are counted on Sunday, as projected by various exit polls, it will be largely due to the planning and execution by these heavyweights, who operated out of a rival party's citadel. ET profiles the men who worked behind the scenes on aspects such as ticket distribution, managing rallies and imparting the 'killer instinct' to BJP workers in the state.
BHAJANS & KILLER ISNTINCT
Kailash Vijayvargiya: The Madhya Pradesh Urban Development Minister who was named by party president Amit Shah as the election in-charge for Haryana, Vijayvargiya is known for two unique traits. He prefers to sing bhajans to convey messages to party workers instead of making lengthy, mundane speeches. Secondly, he has the ability to instill the "killer instinct" in party workers.
"Till now, BJP supporters had been contesting but the confidence and the killer instinct was lacking. It was Vijayvargiya ji who infused this in party workers," said a senior BJP leader. It was Vijayvargiya's brainchild to ensure the BJP got the support of the Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda.
THE BACKUP PROVIDER
Dr Anil Jain: A national secretary of the BJP, Jain was jointly in charge of the Haryana campaign. His main tasks were twofold: to decide the venues and manage all the rallies held by Modi, the party's star campaigner, and to pick candidates to contest the election. "All the rallies held by PM were managed by Dr Jain. He also played a crucial role in selecting candidates," a BJP leader said.
THE POLITICAL TRAINER
Shiv Prakash: Recently recruited from the RSS, Prakash, the BJP's Joint General Secretary (Organisation), played a significant role in bringing party workers together as a cohesive team. Sources told ET that Prakash was involved in the "intricate planning" of campaigning, imparted "political training" to workers and helped them understand the pulse of the electorate.
THE MENTOR
Ram Lal: The BJP's national organisation secretary brought much needed "discipline" among party workers. "He is a fatherly figure whose words of wisdom brought discipline and focus in the party workers," a party leader told ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nuclear safety: Council to be set up led by ...PM Modi-led council to be set up for nuclear safety
By Indrani Bagchi & Sanjay Dutta, TNN | 18 Oct, 2014, 11.33AM IST
0
Share More
India will set up a new Council on Nuclear Safety to be headed by PM, taking a leap forward towards setting stronger safety standards for nuclear reactors.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: India will set up a new Council on Nuclear Safety to be headed by the Prime Minister, taking a leap forward towards setting stronger safety standards for nuclear reactors.
In the coming weeks, the Union Cabinet is expected to approve a pending legislation to set up a Nuclear Safety Regulatory Authority (NSRA) for consideration in the coming winter session of Parliament. The new authority will be responsible for regulating radiation and nuclear safety.
The PM-led council will be in charge of policies with regard to nuclear safety and radiation. The NSRA will be the successor body to the present Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) which will be dissolved. However, this body will not have the powers to inspect and regulate the strategic sector including facilities involved in India's nuclear weapons programme.
Two recent radiation incidents have influenced the contents of the proposed Bill — the Mayapuri radiological accident of April 2010 and the Fukushima disaster of March 2011.
In the former, an unused gammacell 220 research irradiator, owned by Delhi University, was sold at an auction to a scrap metal dealer in Mayapuri on February 26, 2010. The cobalt-60 item was broken up by people who had no idea of the hazardous nature of the material. The incident was a shocker to the Indian nuclear system even leading to the death of one person and injuries to many.
Subsequently, the DAE worked on amendments to the Atomic Energy Act to strengthen the AERB (set up in 1983) to expand its role in inspection and safe disposal of radioactive material.
Fukushima triggered a fresh set of worries about nuclear safety all over the world — Germany decided to do away with nuclear power while Japan shut down many of its aging reactors. The lessons from this were also incorporated into yet another proposal for a new law and the first proposal for a Nuclear Safety Regulatory Authority was drafted in 2011.
The Bill was sent to a standing committee, which made certain recommendations. But this Bill could not be passed by the last Lok Sabha and lapsed. The new government has revived the Bill, indicating a continuity in upgrading nuclear safety.

India may get Nexus 6  9 as part of global l...India may get Nexus 6, 9 as part of global launch
By TNN | 18 Oct, 2014, 11.25AM IST
According to sources, both the devices would be available in India in the month of November itself, in line with the global launch.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Signalling the growing importance of the Indian subcontinent for the search giant, Google may unveil its latest devices — Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 — here as early as November along with the US and other developed markets.
The Nexus 6 smartphone has been developed by Motorola and will be available for pre-order in late October and in stores in November. The tablet — Nexus 9 — has been developed by HTC and will be available for pre-order on October 17 and in stores starting November 3. According to sources, both the devices would be available in India in the month of November itself, in line with the global launch.
The Motorola Nexus 6 has a contoured aluminum frame, a six-inch quad HD display, 13MP camera and 3220 mAh battery. It also comes with a Turbo Charger so that users can get up to six hours of use with only 15 minutes of charge. The 32GB version of the unlocked Nexus 6 is expected to cost $649 (about Rs 40,000), while the 64GB version will cost $699 (around Rs 43,000).
(In photo: Nexus 6)
The HTC Nexus 9 tablet comes with brushed metal sides and 8.9-inch screen, Nvidia Tegra K1 64-bit dual-core processor, 8MP rear and 1.6MP front cameras. It will come in 16GB, 32GB and 32GB LTE models, priced between $399 (about Rs 24,500) to $599 (about Rs 37,000).
(In photo: Nexus 9)
Google launches Android 'Lollipop'
Google has also launched a new version of its Android operating system `Lollipop'. Successor to the Android KitKat OS, Lollipop is designed to be flexible, to work on all devices and to be customized for users. "As you switch from one screen to another, the experience should feel the same.
So Lollipop has a consistent design across devices -an approach we call Material Design. Now content responds to your touch, or even your voice, in more intuitive ways, and transitions between tasks are more fluid," Google senior VP (Android, Chrome and apps) Sundar Pichai said.

Pakistan violates ceasefire twice along LoC  IBPakistan violates ceasefire twice along LoC, International Border
PTI Oct 18, 2014, 11.33AM IST
Tags:
India
(There have been four ceasefire…)
JAMMU: Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire twice by firing on forward posts along the LoC and International Border in Poonch and Jammu districts, drawing retaliation from the Army.
There have been four ceasefire violations along the IB and LoC in Jammu and Poonch districts during the past over 24 hours.
"Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire and resorted to small arms and automatic weapons firing on Indian posts along the LoC in Hamirpur sector of Poonch district around 2055 hours last night, a senior Army officer said today.
Troops gave a befitting reply to the Pakistani firing, resulting in exchanges which continued till 2120 hours.
There was no loss of life or injury to anyone in the firing.
Pakistani rangers resorted to firing on BoPs in Makwal and Allah Mahi Da Kothay (AMK) areas in Jammu district last evening, a BSF officer said, adding, "it was a minor firing".
Earlier, Pakistani troops had violated the ceasefire in Hamirpur sector twice on Thursday night and Friday morning, drawing retaliation from Indian troops.
Pakistan had earlier violated the ceasefire by resorting to firing and mortar shelling along the LoC in Saujian-Kirni-Shahpur belts of Poonch on October 15 in which seven-year-old Riyaz of Kuiyian Gotirian village was injured.
Meanwhile, a villager injured in Pakistani mortar shelling succumbed to injuries in Government Medical College (GMC) Hospital here yesterday, taking the toll to nine in recent incidents of ceasefire violations. The IB and LoC in Jammu region have witnessed heavy firing and mortar shelling by Pakistani troops since October 1, leaving nine persons dead and over 95 injured, including 13 security men.
Around 30,000 people have fled their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.
FEATURED ARTICLES

POSCO: Govt delays stand on iron ore licenceDelays in decision on iron ore licence for POSCO's $12 billion plant
By Reuters | 18 Oct, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Government delays a decision on permitting POSCO to mine iron ore, seeking more clarifications from Odisha state where company has waited  to set up a steel plant.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BHUBANESWAR: Government has again delayed a decision on permitting POSCO to mine iron ore, seeking more clarifications from Odisha state where the South Korean company has waited nine years to set up a $12 billion steel plant.
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said in January POSCO's request for a mining licence - the final regulatory hurdle for the project which would be the biggest foreign direct investment in India - was at an "advanced stage of processing".
But nine months on, little progress has been made on the ground. The company has yet to start work on the planned 12-million-tonnes-a-year plant due to stiff opposition to land acquisition and delays in securing permission to mine iron ore, a raw material for steel.
The Mines Ministry last week wrote to Odisha seeking clarity on how much of the mining land sought by POSCO was notified as an iron ore bearing area where commercial mining was allowed. Mining in non-notified areas needs more approvals than in notified areas.
On Saturday, the Mine Ministry's website showed the status of POSCO's request to explore iron ore over an area of 6828.54 hectares as "rejected/returned" as of October 10.
"They have not completely rejected. Our proposal was for both notified and non-notified area together," Odisha's Mines Director Deepak Kumar Mohanty told Reuters late on Friday. "So they have again asked if you are willing to separate out because notified area consideration parameters are different."
POSCO's India-based spokesman IG Lee could not immediately be reached for comment. POSCO officials have said it was unlikely to build the plant without assured supply of iron ore.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Can expect big move on D-Street if BJP wins Maharashtra: ExpertsAsembly polls
(“Markets would give a…)
MUMBAI: Results of the recently held assembly elections in the states of Maharashtra and Haryana will be a litmus test for the popularity of Prime Minister Narendra Modi after a phenomenal victory in the general elections.
The results will also be crucial for the BJP as they will help the party be less dependent on regional parties to push through important reforms bills.
While BJP has an outright majority in the Lok Sabha, it does not have required numbers in the Rajya Sabha. Maharashtra and Haryana together account for 19 and 5 seats respectively in the Rajya Sabha.
All the major exit polls are indicating that BJP will emerge as the single largest party in both the states.
"The markets would give a thumbs-up if the BJP were to win a decisive victory in the Maharashtra and Haryana State assembly polls as it would add heft to the already formidable political weight of the Prime Minister," said Ajay Bodke, Head- Investment Strategy & Advisory, Prabhudas Lilladher.
"Markets hope that this strengthening of his hand would embolden Mr. Modi to roll-out aggressive reforms that had enthused global & domestic investors into driving up the Indian equity market to dizzying heights this calendar year," Bodke added.
A lot of reforms such as GST, de-nationalization of coal, increase in FDI cap in Insurance , diluting Land Acquisition Bill, increasing flexibility in stifling labour laws etc, await clearance from the upper house.
"Maharashtra is one of India's leading industrial states and contributes around 13 per cent to India's industrial output. It is a major hub for FDI investments and stock markets are expected to react to the election outcome," said Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities.
"Decisions related to goods and services taxes which face strong opposition from some states would ease out and some boost could be seen. Issues concerned with reduction in price control in diesel could be seen gaining more attention," he added.
According to a Nomura report, the best case in these state elections is for the BJP to get an outright majority, which will improve centre-state co-ordination and consolidate the BJP's position in the Rajya Sabha.
"The worst case is a hung assembly, which would result in re-elections, increased uncertainty and raise doubts about the BJP?s ability to carry forward legislative reforms," said Nomura in its report.
"If the opinion polls are correct, then the BJP will need a coalition partner to form the government, which is marginally better for reforms (more seats in the Rajya Sabha and more BJP-ruled states), but there is much uncertainty, especially surrounding Maharashtra," the report added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jayalalithaa to walk out of Bangalore jail soonJayalalithaa to walk out of Bangalore jail soon
Five ways to scout for value stocks by the Graham-and-Buffett wayWant to ride the bull market? Here’s how you can do by Graham-and-Buffett way
18 Oct, 2014, 01.42PM IST
0
Share More
The Graham-and-Buffettsville definition of a “value stock” is a stock which is available at a “significant discount” to “intrinsic value”. 
ET SPECIAL:
By Dr. Vikas V Gupta
To scout for value stocks we must first understand what "value" stands for.
For finance academics and most finance professionals a "value stock" is a stock which has either a low price-to-book ratio or low price-to-earnings ratio or low price multiples of other fundamentals, such as, sales, cash flow, EBIT etc.
Albeit generally accepted as the definition of "value", this is not true to value investing principles of "Graham-and-Buffettsville". (Graham-and-Buffettsville is a hypothetical intellectual village populated by investors who believe in the value investing principles as enunciated by Warren Buffett and his guru Benjamin Graham.)
The Graham-and-Buffettsville definition of a "value stock" is a stock which is available at a "significant discount" to "intrinsic value". Intrinsic value of a stock is the value of the equity of that company based on a discounted cash flow analysis.
"Significant discount" is a discount anywhere from 20% to 80% from the conservatively estimated intrinsic value of the stock.
This definition is able to filter out low quality companies which might not be a "value" even at low price to book ratios. Further, it also allows high quality companies which might be a good value even at seemingly higher price to book ratios.
The screening process by which we can create a pool of better companies is as follows:
Step 1: Filter our all companies with sales less than INR 250 crores. Companies with sales lower than this are very small companies and might not have the business stability and access to finance that is required for a safe investment. So we will select companies with sales equal to or greater than INR 250 crores.
Step 2: Filter out all companies with debt to equity greater than 30%. Companies with low leverage are safer.
Step 3: Filter out all companies with interest coverage ratio of less than 4. Companies with high interest coverage ratio are good.
Step 4: Filter out all companies with ROE less than 15% since they are earning less than their cost of capital.
Step 5: Filter out all companies with PE ratio greater than 25 since they are too expensive even for a high quality company.
From the remaining pool of companies one can now start evaluating one by one. However, if this pool is still very large one can start making the filters more stringent.
One can look at companies larger than sales of INR 500 crores or even 1000 crores. One can look at zero debt companies. One can look at ROE >20% and one can look at PE ratio less than 20 and price-to-book less than 1.5.
From a pool of about 25 or so companies one can start picking companies by reading their annual reports and their corporate profiles on their websites. Specifically, one is trying to understand:
*their lines of business, i.e. the sectors and industries that they participate in
*their product or service lines, i.e. their primary revenue streams
*their geographic exposure, i.e. where do they primarily sell
*their customer segments, i.e. who buys from them and why
One should be able to understand the product-customer mix, the business model, i.e. what are the margin drivers and profitability drivers. One should be able to understand their market share and competitive strengths in the market place including their primary competitors and peers.
Looking at the past several years of sales and profits over a full business cycle, i.e. in good macro-economic conditions and bad ones, one should be able to estimate their normal sales and earnings. Using that one should be able to do a reasonable estimate of their intrinsic value and evaluate whether a company is available at a significant discount and consequently whether that investment enjoys a margin of safety.
A portfolio of 10-15 such picks should provide one with "satisfactory returns" (in the words of Graham) if held for a more than a year and rebalanced periodically on a long-term holding basis.
(The author is Executive Vice President, Traded Markets and Investment Research, ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt. Ltd. (www.arthvedacapital.com). Views and recommendations expressed in this section are his own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com.)
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Pakistan army violates ceasefire again along International Border  LoCPakistan army violates ceasefire again along LoC
PTI  Jammu, October 18, 2014
First Published: 08:54 IST(18/10/2014) | Last Updated: 07:08 IST(19/10/2014)
Comments
Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire twice by firing on forward posts along the LoC and International Border in Poonch and Jammu districts, drawing retaliation from the Army.
There have been four ceasefire violations along the IB and LoC in Jammu and Poonch districts during the past over 24 hours.
"Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire and resorted to small arms and automatic weapons firing on Indian posts along the LoC in Hamirpur sector of Poonch district around 8pm Friday night, a senior Army officer said today.
Troops gave a befitting reply to the Pakistani firing, resulting in exchanges which continued till 9.20pm.
There was no loss of life or injury to anyone in the firing.
Pakistani rangers resorted to firing on BoPs in Makwal and Allah Mahi Da Kothay (AMK) areas in Jammu district Friday evening, a BSF officer said, adding, "it was a minor firing".
 
Earlier, Pakistani troops had violated the ceasefire in Hamirpur sector twice on Thursday night and Friday morning, drawing retaliation from Indian troops.
Read: Pak violates ceasefire twice along LoC in Poonch
Pakistan had earlier violated the ceasefire by resorting to firing and mortar shelling along the LoC in Saujian-Kirni-Shahpur belts of Poonch on October 15 in which seven-year-old Riyaz of Kuiyian Gotirian village was injured.
Meanwhile, a villager injured in Pakistani mortar shelling succumbed to injuries in Government Medical College (GMC) Hospital in Jammu, taking the toll to nine in recent incidents of ceasefire violations.
The IB and LoC in Jammu region have witnessed heavy firing and mortar shelling by Pakistani troops since October 1, leaving nine persons dead and over 95 injured, including 13 security men.
Around 30,000 people have fled their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.

Prime accused in 2008 Mangalore church says claims he s now  secularAt around 5 pm on September 14, 2008 then Bajrang Dal chief Mahendra Kumar called a press conference in Mangalore along with VHP leader MB Puranik.
File photo of Mahendra Kumar.
At 10 am that morning, Bajrang Dal activists had attacked a nunnery in the city, police records show. Within the next hour, 15 more churches were attacked by Hindutva activists in Coastal Karnataka.
At that press conference, which this reporter attended, Kumar and Puranik claimed responsibility for the attacks.
In a joint statement, they warned of more attacks if Christian missionaries didn't stop converting Hindus. The next few days saw similar attacks across the state. Kumar was arrested on September 19 and later sacked from post of state convenor of the Bajrang Dal.
Six years since he issued that statement, Mahendra Kumar claims he's now a "transformed" and "secular" man.
Speaking exclusively to HT on Thursday - after the state government scrapped the Justice BK Somashekhara commission report on the church attacks - Kumar said:
"The 42 days I spent in prison gave me a lot of time to think. I no longer believe in Hindutva. I am secular now. If we have to progress as a nation, we must all work together - Hindu, Muslim, Christian..."
Kumar welcomed the ruling Congress government's decision to scrap the Somashekhara report, which was commissioned by the previous BJP government. He even joined concert with Law Minister T B Jayachandra who said that the report was "politically motivated".
"Of course the report was politically motivated," Kumar said, "The entire objective of the report was to shield the then BJP government."
The police crack down on Chiristians peacefully protesting against the church attacks. (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
He said, "The report gives a clean chit to the Bajrang Dal and indicts me. I was the head of the organisation then. How can I be guilty and the Bajrang Dal innocent?"
He points to two attacks that happened simultaneously in Byndoor (Udupi district) and Kadur (Chikmangalur district), 300 km away. "How could Mahendra Kumar be responsible for both the attacks? But that's what the Somashekhara commission report says. Isn't it silly?," he said.
But didn't he claim responsibility for the church attacks? "I never said that I personally attacked the churches. I said that I supported the attacks because missionaries were converting people by force and by inducements. Puranik also said the same thing; why wasn't he arrested?", Kumar said.
Does he still support the attacks? "No not at all. I was wrong then. Now, my focus is on the people who get coverted not on the missionaries. I have realised that people convert because of poverty and the caste system. There are many problems in Hindu society but the RSS and BJP will not focus on these issues. All they do is target missionaries for political mileage."
Has this change of heart come about because he was the singled out for punishment? "I am speaking from my heart. Please don't politicise this. I am not that petty," he said.
39-year-old Kumar revealed thay he joined the RSS when he was 17.
"I was attracted by the Ram Janmabhoomi movement. But over the years I realised that the BJP and the RSS raised the issue only to benefit electorally. Today, I don't care much for a Ram temple. How does a temple change the lives of millions of poor Hindus? What I want is Ram Rajya not Ram Mandir. That is real Hindutva"
The state government has decided to proceed against police officers who 'exceeded their brief' and further harassed the victims. (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
Asked what he meant by real Hindutva, he said, "The teachings of Vivekananda are real Hindutva. It is not the RSS type of Hindutva. If I am asked to choose my icons from the Hindutva movement, the only people I can think of are Vivekananda and Shivaji."
Asked to choose a favourite from among the living leaders of the movement, he said, "The only living Hindutva leader I respect is [Prime Minister] Narendra Modi. Hats off to him. I love him more than anything else."
Has he cut off ties from all others? "I am in touch with [Sri Rama Sene chief] Pramod Muthalik. In fact, I am meeting him for breakfast tomorrow [Friday]. Many of my former comrades from the Bajrang Dal, who have been used and thrown like me, come to me for help. I am not in touch with anybody else."
Like Kumar, Muthalik too was once the head of the Bajrang Dal. He was sacked in 2005 after his arrest, in connection with a string of communal flare ups, became imminent.
Speaking of his future plans, Kumar said, "I want to write a tell-all book about my experiences. But I am not yet fully prepared. I still have a lot of reading and research to do before I write that book."
Asked to respond, MB Puranik said, "Mahendra Kumar is no longer with us. He has no principles."

Assembly Poll Result 2014 LIVE: Fate of Maharashtra  Haryana to be Sealed TomorrAssembly Poll Result 2014 LIVE: Fate of Maharashtra  Haryana to be Sealed Tomorr
Canara Bank to raise equity capital of Rs 80cr via QIPCanara Bank to raise equity capital of Rs 80cr via QIP
Govt to conduct counter-terror drills with ChinaGovt to conduct counter-terror drills with China
Systematix Corporate Services announces resignation of directorSystematix Corporate Services announces resignation of director
Copper  aluminium rise on increased demandCopper  aluminium rise on increased demand
HCL Tech  TCS wrestle with expectations  even as Infosys beats themHCL Tech, TCS wrestle with expectations, even as Infosys beats them
BS Reporters | Bangalore/New Delhi Oct 18, 2014 12:50 AM IST
When expectations are high, even the slightest miss can be disappointing. The September quarter performance of at least three of India's top-five information technology (IT) services companies indicates that.
After missing the market estimates on the revenue front by a whisker, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), in recent times the darling of the stock market, was punished by investors on Friday. So with HCL Technologies, which delivered numbers below expectations.
While Infosys' numbers were ahead of expectations, TCS and HCL Technologies', steady performers in recent years, could not impress the Street on many counts.
HCL Technologies, which announced its numbers on Friday, reported a 32 per cent rise in the net profit at Rs 1,873 crore. However, the net profit grew 2.1 per cent sequentially, much below market expectations. The revenues at Rs 8,735 crore saw a 10 per cent year-on-year growth and a 3.7 per cent sequential expansion.
Another negative surprise in HCL's numbers was the decline in the margin by 40 basis points to 21.4 per cent. The company attributed it to the currency fluctuations and higher expenses on account of wage rise.
"HCL's results were below estimates. Revenues disappointed with a constant currency growth of 3.2 per cent. Ebitda (earnings before interest, depreciation, taxes, and amortisation) margins also came in slightly below expectations," said Dipen Shah, head (private client group research) at Kotak Securities. "The constant currency growth has moderated in the past few quarters and overall revenue growth has come in largely on IMS (infrastructure management services). The company needs to improve growth rates in non-IMS businesses," he said in a note.
For the quarter, while Infosys has been able to perform largely in line with the expectations, TCS fell short of consensus revenue estimates by $20-25 million, which the management attributed to continued softness in the insurance vertical and slower-than-expected ramp-ups in the retail vertical. However, its sequential revenue growth of 7.7 per cent was much higher compared to Infosys' 4.5 per cent and HCL's 3.7 per cent.
TCS' revenues came on the back of strong volume growth (increase in the number of man-hours billed) of 6.1 per cent. These were three per cent for Infosys and 3.2 per cent for HCL.
TCS also indicated that with the miss in the second-quarter revenues, the company would no longer be able to meet the earlier forecast of exceeding the FY14 revenue growth of 16.2 per cent in FY15.
In terms of net profit, Infosys reported healthy growth, indicating its focus on productivity-enhancement drives as well as cost optimisation (taken by N R Narayana Murthy when he had returned to the Bangalore-based company last year) was paying dividends.
However, while both Infosys and TCS managed to expand their operating profit margins despite wage rises and currency headwinds, HCL Technologies, steadily improving its margins, saw a decline. In terms of client addition, TCS and Infosys added far more clients.
While Infosys added 49 clients, including six large deals, TCS announced eight large contracts whereas the client addition during the quarter was 43. HCL Technologies added 15 large deals at $1 billion. The client additions included one in the $100-million-plus category and four in the $50-million-plus one.
Surendra Goyal and Rishi Iyer of Citi Research in their report 'Indian IT services take a breather: Positives priced in?' said the general improvement in the macroeconomic environment was not translating to revenue acceleration for IT services. This could be due to the commoditisation in some traditional IT service lines.
The most disappointing metrics in the case of Infosys was the further increase in its employee attrition, which peaked 20.1 per cent in the September quarter, while TCS and HCL have largely managed to contain it. During the quarter, the attrition at HCL Technologies was 16 per cent, which the company said was largely stable.
"TCS' performance was not bad per se, though it was softer than expectations. I would say inflated expectations of the Street (18-19 per cent growth in FY15) look unachievable and that's why the number has been downgraded. Looking at Infosys, there were limited expectations and it fared well ahead of those," said Shashi Bhushan, senior research analyst, institutional equities, Prabhudas Lilladher.
"But the extent of negative surprises in HCL Technologies is far stronger than the other two."
HCL Technologies President and Chief Executive Anant Gupta termed the performance last year good, given revenues grew 3.2 per cent on a "constant currency" basis. "The performance has been strong though there have been significant currency headwinds."
Gupta said HCL was not witnessing any softness in demand. But since the company is now catering more to large deals that are more complex, "the time frame of translation of deals from booking to billing is taking longer," he added.
In terms of geographies, HCL Technologies saw its America business grow 5.7 per cent, Europe expand 2.7 per cent, sequentially. The rest of the world declined 6.4 per cent.

Bangalore rechristened: Home ministry gives  Bengaluru  green signalComments
On November 1 this year Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah is expected to officially announce changes to the names of 12 cities in the state. The new Kannada names are likely to bring a cheer to native speakers of the language especially since they will become official on the day Karnataka was born.
The colonial era name Bangalore, for instance, will become Bengaluru - a name that is believed to derive from the even older Benda-Kaal-Uru (the city of boiled beans)
The Union home ministry on Friday issued a notification approving the state government's eight-year-old proposal to change the names. The first official proposal was sent during the chief ministership of N Dharam in 2006 when both the state and central governments were led by the Congress. The proposal has been finally brought out of the freezer by the Modi government.
However, it will still be a matter of pride for Siddaramaiah to announce the new names on November 1 - Karnataka Rajyotsava or Karnataka Formation Day.
Karnataka might have been born out of the demand for a separate state for Kannada speakers. But Kannada is not the only ancient language spoken within the boundaries of the state.
In Tulu - a Dravidian language spoken in coastal Karnataka dating back to the 14th century - the city of Mangalore is called Kudla. The Konkani speakers of the region call Mangalore Kodial and the Beary speakers call it Maikala. The change from the English Mangalore to the Kannada Mangaluru is unlikely to trigger euphoria in the region where the movement for a separate  linguistic state has existed ever since Karnataka was formed.
In Belgaum, which will now be called Belagavi, the change is expected to be received with hostility from the Marathi speakers, many of whom want to merge the parts of the region with Maharashtra. Belagavi is, after all, a Kannada name not a Marathi one. The approval granted to new name by the centre will surely agitate the Belgaum based Maharashtra Ekikaran Samiti (MES) as well as the Shiv Sena.
Interestingly, the new name for Belgaum comes at a time when the state government is considering banning the MES, which has gained a reputation for militant agitations. The MES and the Shiv Sena are not likely to forgive the BJP led central government for choosing Kannada pride over Maratha pride and joining concert with the Congress government in Karnataka.
Although Siddaramaiah had little to do with the changes, it will come as an image boost for him when his government is just coming into stride. After being accused of lethargy, the  Siddaramaiah government has been showing some signs of life by winning the recent bye-elections.

WHO botched efforts to stop spread of Ebola  says internal reportWHO admits to botching efforts to stop Ebola spread
AP
print
An internal report revealed that the World Health Organisation (WHO) bungled efforts to halt the spread of Ebola in West Africa. The WHO draft report pointed to serious errors by an agency designated as the international community's leader in coordinating response to outbreaks of disease.
Read: Obama appoints Ron Klain as 'Ebola Czar'
The document- a timeline of the outbreak- found thay WHO missed chances to prevent Ebola from spreading soon after it was first diagnosed in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea in March this year, blaming factors including incompetent staff and a lack of information.
Its own experts failed to grasp that traditional infectious disease containment methods wouldn't work in a region with porous borders and broken health systems, the report found.
The disease has killed more than 4,500 people in Africa.
"Nearly everyone involved in the outbreak response failed to see some fairly plain writing on the wall," WHO said in the report, obtained by The Associated Press. "A perfect storm was brewing, ready to burst open in full force."
The agency's own bureaucracy was part of the problem, the report found. It pointed out that the heads of its country offices in Africa are "politically motivated appointments" made by the WHO regional director for Africa, Dr Luis Sambo, who does not answer to the agency's chief in Geneva, Dr Margaret Chan.
After WHO declared Ebola an international health emergency in August, UN secretary-general Ban Ki-moon stepped in and had the United Nations take overall responsibility for fighting and eliminating the virus, among other things setting up an emergency response mission based in Ghana.
Read: Nations step up Ebola checks as UN appeals for funds
Dr Peter Piot, the co-discoverer of the Ebola virus, agreed that WHO acted far too slowly.
"It's the regional office in Africa that's the front line," said Piot, interviewed at his office in London. "And they didn't do anything. That office is really not competent."
WHO declined to comment on the document, which was not issued publicly, and said that Chan would be unavailable for an interview with the AP.
She did tell Bloomberg News that she "was not fully informed of the evolution of the outbreak. We responded, but our response may not have matched the scale of the outbreak and the complexity of the outbreak."
Meanwhile, President Obama named Ron Klain, a former chief of staff to vice president Joe Biden, as the administration's point man on Ebola.

Remove sector caps on investment for NRI s: ...Hinduja Group
(Investments by NRIs in India…)
LONDON: Investments by Non-Resident Indians in India should be treated on par with resident Indians and sector caps applicable to foreign investors should be removed for NRIs, leading NRI entrepreneur G P Hinduja has said.
Hinduja, Co-Chairman of the Hinduja Group , said this in a note submitted to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj yesterday at the Bentley Hotel here.
The note among other things suggested that the India should move to grant dual citizenship to the Indian diaspora.
"Investments by Non-Resident Indians in India should be treated on par with Resident Indians, and especially sector caps applicable to foreign investors should be removed for NRIs," Hinduja said.
"For example, NRIs are not permitted to hold more than 49 per cent shareholding in a defence sector - this restriction on foreign companies should be relaxed and removed for NRIs."
Hinduja noted that "an impediment to NRIs investing in India is the prohibition of Overseas Corporate Bodies (OCBs) controlled by NRIs. Many NRIs have their wealth tied up in corporations.
"The Government of India should allow OCBs to invest as long as proper disclosures are in place and 'Know Your Customer' information is suitably provided. Round tripping of money by resident Indians will be discouraged."
According to the note, the proposed merger of Overseas Citizenship of India (OCI) and Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) will give some relief to PIO cardholders.
The note said, "The Government of India should move to grant dual citizenship to the Indian diaspora." Furthermore, the government should also allow Overseas and Non-Resident Indians to vote in general elections.
While inaugurating the two-day Regional Pravasi Bharatiya Divas at the Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre here yesterday, Swaraj had said she would welcome suggestions from the NRIs and take necessary follow up actions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Girls abducted by Boko Haram to be freed: Nigeriaprint
Officials and campaigners on Saturday anxiously awaited further news about the fate of more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls after Nigeria claimed to have reached a deal with Boko Haram militants to secure their release.
Chief of Defence Staff Air Marshal Alex Badeh told senior military officials from Nigeria and Cameroon meeting in Abuja on Friday that a "ceasefire agreement" had been concluded between the government and the insurgents.
"I have accordingly directed the service chiefs to ensure immediate compliance with this development," he added.
Badeh's announcement came after a senior aide to President Goodluck Jonathan, Hassan Tukur, told AFP an agreement to end hostilities had been reached following talks, as well as for the release of 219 girls held captive since April.
But a precedent of previous government and military claims about an end to the deadly five-year conflict and the fate of the missing teenagers left many observers cautious.
Jonathan is expected to declare his bid for re-election in the coming weeks, and positive news about the hostages and the violence would likely give him a political boost.
Shehu Sani, a Boko Haram expert who has negotiated with the group on behalf of the government said he had "never heard" of Danladi Ahmadu, whom Tukur claimed represented the militants at talks.
Ralph Bello-Fadile an advisor to Nigeria's National Security Advisor (NSA), said the NSA has been inundated with fraudsters claiming to represent Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau.
"Government wants to negotiate but so far nobody has come forward who speaks for Shekau," he told a Chatham House conference in Abuja on Monday.
The Nigerian government's own security spokesman, Mike Omeri, also said that no deal had yet been reached on releasing the girls.
The United States said it could not confirm whether a deal had taken place.
"Obviously, we would welcome an end to hostilities, a restoration of security and, I think it should go without saying, would welcome the release of those girls that have been gone far too long. But we cannot independently confirm that at this point," said State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf.
"This ceasefire is incredibly promising, but we aren't there yet - until every girl is released negotiations must continue," added Hussaini Abdu, the country director for ActionAid Nigeria.
Chad talks
Tukur said he represented the government at two meetings with the Islamists in Chad, which were mediated by the country's President Idriss Deby.
"Boko Haram issued the ceasefire as a result of the discussions we have been having with them," said Tukur, adding that Ahmadu made the announcement on Thursday evening.
"They have agreed to release the Chibok girls," he continued, referring to the girls seized in northeast Nigeria on April 14, causing global outrage.
Leaders of the Bring Back Our Girls campaign, which has been pressuring the government to act, gave a cautious welcome to a possible release.
"We are monitoring the news with huge expectations," they said on Twitter.
Ndjamena refused to comment but security sources in the country said Chad, which Jonathan visited for talks with Deby early last month, had been involved in the discussions.
The source also said a ceasefire agreement was reached as well as the release of 27 hostages, 10 of them Chinese nationals, who were kidnapped in northern Cameroon earlier this year.
The release of the hostages last weekend was "a first strong signal" from Boko Haram to prove their good faith, the source added but did not mention the schoolgirls.
Cameroon announced on Friday that eight of its soldiers and 107 Boko Haram fighters were killed during fierce fighting in its far north region on Wednesday and Thursday.
A police officer told AFP that at least 30 civilians had been killed by Boko Haram before the military ambush.
In Nigeria, unidentified gunmen on Friday killed eight people on a road near Shaffa village in Borno state, two local residents said, but it was not clear if the attack was by militants.
The incident, however, happened near where a prominent Muslim leader, the Emir of Gwoza, was killed by Boko Haram militants in May.
Discrepancies
Ahmadu gave an interview broadcast on Friday on the Hausa language service of Voice of America radio in which he claimed to be the group's "chief security officer" and in charge of publicity.
He made no mention of an end to hostilities and was vague on details of the apparent talks, even claiming not to have met Shekau.
He also referred to the jihadi group as Boko Haram, a name that means 'Western education is forbidden' which was imposed on the Islamist radicals by outsiders. The insurgents themselves never use the term.
The group's known leaders have exclusively used the name Jama'atu Ahlis Sunna Lidda'awati wal-Jihad, which means "People Committed to the Propagation of the Prophet's Teachings and Jihad".
He made no reference to the Chibok girls and did not list the creation of an Islamic state in Nigeria's mainly Muslim north - the core, unwavering Boko Haram demand since the uprising began.
Shekau has in a series of video messages since 2012 ruled out talks with the government and said northern Nigeria will never know peace until sharia (Islamic law) is strictly enforced.
Envoys from Nigeria's presidency have made similar ceasefire claims in the past, notably Jonathan's Minister for Special Duties Taminu Turaki, who led a so-called amnesty commission in 2013 that was tasked with brokering peace.
But nothing materialised from Turaki's protracted negotiations. Shekau said that he never sent delegates to any talks and attacks continued at a relentless pace.

Pak army chief rakes up Kashmir issuePak army chief rakes up Kashmir issue
Jammu and Kashmir: Pakistan violates ceasefire along IB   LoCJammu and Kashmir: Pakistan violates ceasefire along IB   LoC
Black money: Jaitley rejects charge of U-turn; says govt will not be pushed into adventurismArun Jaitley
("The NDA government stands…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to clarify the NDA government's stand on the issue of black money, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday said, "The NDA government will not withhold any information, including names of account holders who have stashed black money abroad, from the public; but the names will be revealed after following the due process of completing investigations and reaching conclusions about quantum of unaccounted money."
"The NDA government stands committed to detect the names, prosecuting the guilty and making them public. We are not going to be pushed into an act of adventurism where we violate the treaties and then plead that we are no longer able to get the cooperation of reciprocating states," Jaitley wrote in his blog. "Such an approach may actually help the account holders. Adventurism will be short-sighted. A mature approach will take us to the root of the matter," he added.
"Any premature and out of court disclosure of the names of account holders would not only vitiate the investigations but will enable such account holders to get away with their offences. It will also violate India's Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements (DTAA) with other countries and will choke receipt of all further information from those countries," Jaitley went on to elaborate.
"All that the Government has requested the Supreme Court is to clarify that it has not prohibited the Government of India to enter into Treaties with countries wherein a commitment may be made by the Government to maintain confidentiality of information received as per international standards," he said. "If such a commitment to maintain the confidentiality is not given we will not receive any information about Indians hiding their money in other countries including offshore financial centres and tax havens. Thus the clarification sought from the Supreme Court is only to facilitate collection of information about illegal money stashed abroad," he added.
"On October 15, 2014, a team of officials led by Revenue Secretary and comprising of Chairman, CBDT has signed a Joint Statement with the appropriate authorities in Switzerland with regard to investigation into black money stacked in Swiss banks," Jaitley said. He went on to explain the four important aspects of that agreement which are:
(i) With regard to the list available with India of account holders in the HSBC , where Indian tax authorities have conducted independent investigations, the Swiss would provide India with details upon our furnishing of adequate evidence in this regard.
(ii) Whenever India has some information/ documentary evidence, the Swiss would confirm the authenticity or otherwise of that evidence.
(iii) This would be done in a time bound manner.
(iv) Discussion would now start on a bilateral agreement on automatic exchange of information in the banking system. If this bilateral arrangement is arrived at, it will be an important milestone in detection of black money held by Indians in the Swiss banks.
"Nobody has ever suggested that the names should not be made public. They should be made public in accordance with the existing due process of law," he reiterated.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Radar trouble affects operations at Kolkata ...You are here: Home > Collections
Radar trouble affects operations at Kolkata airport
PTI Oct 18, 2014, 02.53PM IST
Tags:
Air Traffic Control
(AAI Regional ED said that…)
Radar trouble, Airport Authority of India, Air Traffic Control, BSNL, S Bhaduri, flights , Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport
KOLKATA: Flight operations were today affected at the Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport here as the Air Traffic Control (ATC) faced problems in the automatic radar system due to failure of BSNL link from a number of destinations.
The Airport Authority of India (AAI) Regional Executive Director S Bhaduri said that the matter was immediately brought to the notice of the BSNL authority which set up an alternative arrangement to control flight operations manually.
The BSNL link failures have been reported from Varanasi, Guwahati, Katihar and Kishanganj from where various data inputs are not coming on the screen here, he said.
Besides alternative arrangements by the BSNL, ATC has several emergency back-ups which are also applied, he said.
As part of this, Very High Frequency (VHF) radio-range are being used to ascertain the position of the flights, Bhaduri said.
The problem has been continuing for nine hours from early this morning but air services have not been disrupted.
BSNL workers are at repair to restore the system as quickly as possible, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan army violates ceasefire again along International Border  LoCPakistan army violates ceasefire again along LoC
PTI  Jammu, October 18, 2014
First Published: 08:54 IST(18/10/2014) | Last Updated: 07:08 IST(19/10/2014)
Comments
Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire twice by firing on forward posts along the LoC and International Border in Poonch and Jammu districts, drawing retaliation from the Army.
There have been four ceasefire violations along the IB and LoC in Jammu and Poonch districts during the past over 24 hours.
"Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire and resorted to small arms and automatic weapons firing on Indian posts along the LoC in Hamirpur sector of Poonch district around 8pm Friday night, a senior Army officer said today.
Troops gave a befitting reply to the Pakistani firing, resulting in exchanges which continued till 9.20pm.
There was no loss of life or injury to anyone in the firing.
Pakistani rangers resorted to firing on BoPs in Makwal and Allah Mahi Da Kothay (AMK) areas in Jammu district Friday evening, a BSF officer said, adding, "it was a minor firing".
 
Earlier, Pakistani troops had violated the ceasefire in Hamirpur sector twice on Thursday night and Friday morning, drawing retaliation from Indian troops.
Read: Pak violates ceasefire twice along LoC in Poonch
Pakistan had earlier violated the ceasefire by resorting to firing and mortar shelling along the LoC in Saujian-Kirni-Shahpur belts of Poonch on October 15 in which seven-year-old Riyaz of Kuiyian Gotirian village was injured.
Meanwhile, a villager injured in Pakistani mortar shelling succumbed to injuries in Government Medical College (GMC) Hospital in Jammu, taking the toll to nine in recent incidents of ceasefire violations.
The IB and LoC in Jammu region have witnessed heavy firing and mortar shelling by Pakistani troops since October 1, leaving nine persons dead and over 95 injured, including 13 security men.
Around 30,000 people have fled their border homes leaving 113 hamlets deserted along the IB.

Merger & Acquisition Round Up - October 13 to 17  2014Merger & Acquisition Round Up - October 13 to 17  2014
Honeywell International Q3 profit climbsHoneywell International Q3 profit climbs
Bajaj Hindusthan announces appointment of CFOBajaj Hindusthan announces appointment of CFO
India  China plan counter-terror drills to build trustIndia  China plan counter-terror drills to build trust
J&K Bank pays Rs 128.88 Cr dividend to State Govt. Presents Rs 5 cr cheque for Chief Minister s Flood Relief FundWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
J&K Bank pays Rs 128.88 Cr dividend to State Govt. Presents Rs 5 cr cheque for Chief Minister's Flood Relief Fund
The Chairman and CEO J&K Bank Mushtaq Ahmad today presented two cheques amounting to Rs 128.88 Cr to the Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on account of the dividend to the State Government, which owns over 53% of the bank stock, for the financial year ...

FM Jaitley assures disinvestment plan on trackFM Jaitley assures disinvestment plan on track
MNCs use social media to recruit the right c...MNCs like Uber Cabs and Twitter India using social media tools to recruit the right candidate
Varuni Khosla, ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 10.55AM IST
Tags:
Aircel Cognizant Technology Solutions Expedia
(These companies aren't…)
NEW DELHI: Uber Cabs and Twitter India are hiring. But unless you follow the right people on Twitter or are on their mailing list, you'll never know about it. These companies aren't putting out advertisements on their websites or using traditional recruitment companies to find them the best candidates; but have been sending out mailers and tweets to customers or followers.
The team for Twitter India has posted tweets inviting candidates to apply for a job in Mumbai.It reads: "Team @TwitterIndia is looking for an associate partnerships manager to join us.#ApplyNow."
Uber Cabs is looking for managers and has decided to go the non-traditional route to find them. In a mail to clients in Delhi, it said: "Are you fired up by the opportunity to move your city through data and analytics, world-class support and creative strategy? Come join us!" The company's general manager in Delhi, Gagan Bhatia, said people who have used their service are the ideal candidates since they are locals. "This is a fantastic tool to use for recruiting."
Social recruitment has taken off with a bang over the past year. "It's a quick process that helps short-listing candidates while doing some research on them. We help clients like Sula Vineyards and L'Oreal find junior to midand senior-level executives," said Zafar Rais, founder and chief executive at Mindshift Interactive, a digital outreach company .
According to Rais, about two million jobs are posted on Twitter every month and around 39% of all job seekers are on Twitter and 23% have leveraged Twitter in their job hunt. In addition to this, 45% of the Fortune 500 companies include links to social media on their career pages and 45% are hiring managers to use social media websites to check candidate backgrounds. The most popular social media or networking sites used for recruiting are LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and BranchOut.
And candidates, too, are getting smarter. They are engaging with brands, analysing activities on social media and then drawing out job offers from there.
Companies like Aircel, Cognizant Technology Solutions , Expedia and HCL Technologies are conducting recruitment drives exclusively through social media platforms. Some of the other big names in the social recruitment space are Infosys and the Tatas, who use social HR as a tool to recruit prospective employees. Cosmetics brand L'Oreal launched its Facebook page `L'Oreal Careers' and International Business Machines provides a `Smarter Workforce' technology to help businesses capture and understand data from social media. HCL has saved over $500,000 on recruitment costs by leveraging LinkedIn.
One of the main reasons for the shift, say social media experts, is that the dynamics of the traditional recruitment processes are changing."Social media has a pull factor. It helps engage prospective candidates and companies have to convince them to work with them. It helps get passionate and more committed candidates than someone who was pursued by an human resource manager," said Ankita Gaba, co-founder of social media knowledge website socialsamosa.com.
Sumana Samuk, account director at advertising company Ogilvy & Mather who looks at social media strategy for brands, said companies must be integrated with social media platforms."Business will use this as a way forward to hire.It not only shortens the process of hiring but also saves cost for organisations. In addition to this, social profiles are representative, more or less of what the candidate is and it's good to do research on them before hiring."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt approach on black money not adventurist  says JaitleyGovt approach on black money not adventurist  says Jaitley
Exide Industries Q2 profit may jump 27% to Rs 151 crExide Industries Q2 profit may jump 27% to Rs 151 cr
Security tightened in Bangalore ahead of Jayalalithaa s releaseSecurity tightened in Bangalore ahead of Jayalalithaa s release
More places will be connected to Vizag airport: RajuMore places will be connected to Vizag airport: Raju
Apple India continues strategy shift with iPhone 6 midnight saleApple India continues strategy shift with iPhone 6 midnight sale
Pak Violates Ceasefire Again; Army Chief Sharif Says Resolving Kashmir Issue VitPak Violates Ceasefire Again; Army Chief Sharif Says Resolving Kashmir Issue Vit
Trinamool slams BJP s U-turn on black moneyTrinamool slams BJP s U-turn on black money
Bihar CM threatens to chop off hands of lax doctorsBihar CM threatens to chop off hands of lax doctors
Why is GVK-run Mumbai Airport s cargo terminal in shamblesCentral Board of Excise and Customs
(The Mumbai International…)
MUMBAI: Thursday, October 9, 3.30 PM. The narrow, dusty road to Mumbai airport's cargo terminal is lined with trucks as far as the eyes can see. Amol, a scraggly teenager, is asleep in a tempo he has been driving. Awakened, he says he has been in the queue since 4 in the morning. In almost 12 hours — that is, more than the time it takes to fly to any European destination — his cargo has barely moved one kilometre, and is still two trucks away from the entrance. Inside the gate, the queue scatters into several smaller lines, crawling to facilities that handle different kinds of cargo: general exports, perishable exports, imports, etc.
About 1,200 trucks come into the airport every day. But there is no order. Several trucks carrying light cargo sneak into a shorter queue actually meant exclusively for heavy vehicles carrying over 300 tonnes of freight. Some export cargo vehicles divert into the line of empty trucks waiting for import consignments. Many trucks are parked in a space not meant for parking.
Outside the general export cargo wing — the space handling the single largest bulk of freight at the airport — loaders dump boxes and pellets of different shapes and sizes. This is no storage space. But they will lie there for hours, until hundreds of boxes inside the facility are cleared for flying. By the time one of the boxes in Amol's tempo makes its way to the final stack, it will be midnight, 20 hours after it came to the airport.
The GVK-run Mumbai International Airport Ltd (MIAL) may boast of a spanking new Rs 5,500-crore passenger terminal decorated with the best of Indian art, offering seamless connectivity to passengers and making experts marvel at the efficient usage of space, but its cargo facility lies sadly neglected — suffering frequent systemic outages and massive pile-up of freight due to handling loads beyond what its space allows, operator's lack of discipline, overbooking by airlines and mass dumping by freight companies. "The Mumbai cargo terminal is generations behind other airports," said the general manager of Indian cargo operations of a top European carrier.
"The terminal, the storage space, the parking facilities and the staff are all massively stretched and working way beyond their capacity," the person said, speaking on condition that his and his company's identities are not revealed. "There is a major blame game happening between the stakeholders, and there is limited space to expand," the person added.
The immediate trigger for the long queue of trucks and massive pile-up of cargo at the airport that handles the biggest chunk of air cargo in the country was the long holiday at the start of this month when the customs department, which clears all cargo, shut systems for the first five days, according to executives of MIAL, airlines and freight agents. This couldn't have happened at a worse time, because almost 70 per cent of India's export cargo goes to Europe and the US in the months leading to Christmas.
"A few of our trucks had to wait three days outside the terminal," said Manish Shah, managing director of freight forwarder Magnum Cargo. Yet, almost all stakeholders agree that the ills of the Mumbai airport's cargo terminal is not about a long shut down of the customs system; it is facing multiple problems from space constraints to mismanagement to unfair practices.
SPACE CONSTRAINTS
Surrounded by slum areas, housing societies and imposing billboards that often get into an aircraft's way of flight, Mumbai airport's biggest bane has always been space. The airport handles 31 per cent of India's air cargo in much less space than other top airports. Last month, for example, MIAL handled close to 18,000 tonnes of general export cargo in 16,000 square meters of space, according to a MIAL spokesperson.
Delhi airport handled almost the same amount of cargo in 46,500 sqm, according to industry figures. Adding to the space crunch is the fact that MIAL has to almost equally share its facilities with national carrier Air India, which does third party cargo handling for other carriers. MIAL executives say the equal division of space is unfair because the airport operator handles several times more cargo than Air India.
In the general exports section, for instance, the national carrier handles cargo of nine airlines while MIAL handles close to 37 airlines. MIAL executives say they have been trying for the last three years to convince Air India to shift to a new facility, but the carrier has refused to do so. Air India, in turn, said the airport operator has yet to provide alternate spaces for the areas it has vacated in the airport, adding the space dispute has to be looked at in the entirety of the airport complex and not just the cargo terminal.

Swacch Bharat: NTPC to build toilets under c...Government
(A list of identified toilets…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned power major NTPC has committed to build 8,152 toilets in government schools under Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cleanliness drive.
"Under 'Swachh Bharat-Swachh Vidyalaya Abhiyan' NTPC has committed to take up work for 8,152 toilets in government schools from the list available on Ministry of Human Resource and Development website," the company said in a statement.
A list of identified toilets spanning over 18 states and 57 districts has been given to the Ministry of Power for confirmation of allocation of these toilets to NTPC by HRD Ministry.
As per the call given by PM, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal has given leadership to the companies under him to take special initiatives to participate in this scheme, the statement added.
A host of corporate houses have committed to construction of one lakh toilets in schools across the country under their CSR initiative. TCS, Toyota Kirloskar, Bharti Foundation and Ambuja Cements have already committed for the initiative.
PM on Independence Day had set a target of one year for construction of toilets, with separate washrooms for girls, in all government schools.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jayalalithaa walks out of jail  celebrations in Tamil NaduFormer Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa arrived in Chennai on Saturday by a special aircraft on being released from the Bangalore jail after the Supreme Court granted her bail.
AIADMK cadres were jubilant and celebrated the release of Jayalalithaa, who spent 21 days in prison.
The moment Jayalalithaa emerged from the central jail compound in Bengaluru, formerly known as Bangalore, at 3.10pm, Tamil Nadu chief minister O Pannerselvam threw himself flat on the road in front of the main gate — face down, hands folded in prayer.
As many as 300 AIADMK ministers, MLAs and MPS who were standing behind Panneerselvam, took off their slippers and went down on all fours. Their spotless white shirts and lungis were smeared with mud and slush; it had rained heavily just a few minutes earlier.
Jayalalithaa's supporters celebrate her release in Bangalore on Saturday. (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
The only person, whose presence Jayalalithaa acknowledged before she zoomed off in her imported SUV, was Panneerselvam.
"For a moment, I thought he (Pannerselvam) slipped and fell. My first instinct was to pick him up but I quickly realised that he was paying his respects," said a lady Karnataka cadre IPS officer who was a witness to the scene.
From the jail, Jayalalithaa left in a cavalcade of around 30 vehicles toward the HAL airport where she took a flight to Chennai.
Moments after she left, her supporters broke the police cordon and approached the media flashing victory signs. In voices choking with emotion, they cried out in chorus: "Amma..Amma." The police chased them away with a mild baton charge.
Earlier, at noon, special court judge Michael Cunha, issued the release order after Jayalalithaa's legal team furnished two bonds of Rs. 1 crore each. Similar bonds were executed for the release of her other three associates: Sasikala Natarajan, V Sudhakaran and J Elavarisi.
Watch: Security tightened outside jail ahead of Jayalalitha's release
A special court September 27 convicted Jayalalithaa in a Rs. 66.65-crore disproportionate assets case and sentenced her to four years simple imprisonment, with a fine of Rs. 100 crore under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Her three associates -- Natarajan, Sudhakaran and Elavarisi, who were released along with her from the jail, accompanied her.
The trio was also granted bail by the apex court in the same graft case, in which they were also convicted and sentenced to four years jail term with a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.
— Vishakha Saxena (@saxenavishakha) October 18, 2014
"Jayalalithaa left the jail after completing the formalities. She is fine and in good health," Karnataka inspector general of Prisons (IGP) KV Gagandeep told IANS minutes after she walked free at 3.15pm and waved to the crowd at Parapanna Agrahara on Bangalore's outskirt.
A special court ordered Jayalalithaa's release after the Supreme Court Friday granted her an interim bail in the corruption case.
"The special court judge (John Michael D'Cunha) issued the order after Jayalalithaa's counsel furnished a bond of Rs. 2 crore and two sureties of assets were submitted by her known persons," Gagandeep said.
The two sureties of properties valued at Rs. 5 crore and Rs.1 crore were given by J Bharat and Gunajyothi, who are party cadres in the Chennai.
The release order was issued after Jayalalithaa's counsel submitted to the court a certified copy of the apex court order, suspending her four-year jail term and granting her an interim bail till December 18.
Hundreds of Jayalalithaa's ardent fans and frenzied supporters from Chennai and Hosur across the border lined up on both sides of the Bangalore thoroughfares and cheered her as her convoy sped away towards the airport.
Many AIADMK cadres danced, clapped and waived party flags, while others burst firecrackers at junctions en-route raising slogans in favour of their aamma' (mother) and denouncing at the same time DMK president M. Karunanidhi.
Ecstatic supporters welcomed Jayalalithaa in Chennai.
AIADMK cadres assembled in large numbers shouted 'Long Live Amma'.
Jayalalithaa drove straight to her residence in Poes Garden area. Party cadres - men and women - braving heavy rains were assembled outside her residence and the airport to have a glimpse of their leader.
Film starlet Vidya told Jaya TV that Amma is for Makkal and Makkal are for Amma (Amma is for people and people are for Amma) to sum up the general sentiments of the people. Shock, anger, sadness after Jayalalithaa was jailed gave way to unalloyed pleasure and happiness, that exploded into noisy celebrations.
Right from the morning, Poes Gardens was the scene of festivities and much slogan shouting for their supreme leader. “Puratchi thalaivi, vazhga vazhga” (revolutionary leader, zindabad zindabad) rent the air every time a camera focused on the crowds.
Manikandan S, a farmer and AIADMK worker from Cauvery region, said “she had done a lot for farmers. Her hardship is unbearable for us and we will do anything for her.”
Some 1,000 people crowded the airport arrival area and lined up on either side of the road for a darshan of Amma, who spent 21 days in Bangalore prison.
Thousands of people were out on the street, at airport, along the route and at her residence, braving the intermittent rain for better part of the day. Even Jayalalithaa’s convoy passed through water logged road near Kotturpuram, where it slowed down in front of a Vinayaka temple.
Jayalalithaa was seen bowing her head slightly and folded her hands in namaskaram (salutation) to the presiding diety of the temple – Lord Vinayak. She had prayed in the same temple before heading to Bangalore for judgement in the disproportionate assets case on September 27.
(With IANS inputs)

Pak violates ceasefire again along International Border  LoCPak violates ceasefire again along International Border  LoC
Visa: UK Deputy PM suggest softening certain...Indian Government
(Britain's Deputy PM, Nick…)
LONDON: Britain's Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg , has assured visiting External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj of a more pragmatic visa regime during a "very productive meeting" here.
The senior Liberal Democrat leader indicated a review of rules around ICT (inter-company transfer) visas used largely by Indian IT professionals.
"We constantly need to ask ourselves whether we have got the visa rules right and whether we can improve them further. I think some of the rules around inter-company transfer visas, which affect for instance Indian IT specialists, need to be made more subtle," Clegg told a media briefing following his meeting with the visiting Indian minister yesterday.
"There are areas where we need to be sensible and pragmatic and also need to spell out loud and clear that some of the rhetoric around the debate on immigration in the UK giving rise to the fear that we are somehow closing our door to Indian students, investors and companies - that is emphatically not true," he added.
The two leaders covered a cross-section of issues during their bilateral talks, including the threat of terrorism and working together in the coming months in the run up to the Paris summit on climate change.
"I was very struck when I was in India, by Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi's personal commitment to sustainability and green development. I urge the Indian government to assume a natural leadership role at those crucial talks," Clegg said.
The issue of India's stance in the World Trade Organisation (WTO) talks also featured heavily, with the UK leader expressing confidence at some "movement" on the issue.
"We attach great importance to finding an amicable and sensible solution to India's support and ratification of the International Trade Facilitation Agreement, which is crucial for the long-term benefit for the world trade system and I think we are making progress in clarifying some of the crossed wires and legitimate concerns of the Indian government," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nitish takes jibe on Modi govt on black moneyNitish takes jibe on Modi govt on black money
Coriander  kalaunji weakens on sluggish demandCoriander  kalaunji weakens on sluggish demand
Jayalalithaa walks out of jail  to leave for Chennai shortlyJayalalithaa walks out of jail  to leave for Chennai shortly
Pak Violates Ceasefire Again; Army Chief Says Resolving Kashmir Issue Vital for PeacePak Violates Ceasefire Again; Army Chief Says Resolving Kashmir Issue Vital for Peace
New polio case reported in PakistanNew polio case reported in Pakistan
Labour: Is Modi govt doing enough to address... Modi government skirted contentious issues and touched on areas that are easier to reform - be it new inspection norms or e-filing of a single return instead of 16.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Anyone who has studied elementary economics would tell you that land, labour and capital are the basic factors of production. All these years, the government focused on helping companies to access capital by facilitating investments, helped acquire land for industries but did little to make life simpler while dealing with labour issues.
Although Atal Bihari Vajpayee talked of easing things for business, the focus was on amending laws, which faced resistance not just from labour unions but also from BJP's swadeshi brigade. UPA didn't go beyond drafting some amendments because the Left opposed them.
The Modi government skirted contentious issues and touched on areas that are easier to reform - be it the new inspection norms or e-filing of a single return instead of 16 earlier.
"The government is trying to reconcile the interests of labour with ease of doing business. It's trying to strike the right balance," former labour secretary Sudha Pillai said.
The critics don't see too much gain, given that state will need to upgrade their labour laws. States must respond with their set of changes, be it minimum wages or inspection. "Once central legislation is in place, it's easier for states to follow," said lawyer Michael Dias, also secretary of The Employers' Association, Delhi. Dias points to several laws which can land a company MD in a soup.
The Factories Act, for instance, makes it mandatory to provide spittoons, specifies the number and who can spit in them. Similarly, the UP Labour Factory Rules specify number of trees in a unit, their type and distance between them, he said.
On its part, the Centre is pushing legislative changes. Already, Bills to amend the Factories Act, Apprentice Act and law related to furnishing returns are on the anvil. On Thursday, labour minister Narendra Singh Tomar announced plans to have one law to deal with child labour, while his ministry is preparing a legislation focused on the small scale sector that'll provide a special dispensation to units with up to 40 workers.
There's been little work on tougher issues such as amendments to the Minimum Wages Act and the Contract Labour Act. Companies were demanding changes in the Contracts Labour Act for more flexibility in hiring and reduction in number of workers, according to business environment. These are expected when BJP has the numbers to push legislations in the RS.
In case of the Minimum Wages Act, the plan was to have a national floor and link it to inflation for automatic adjustments.
The government is taking credit. "Even simple reforms hadn't been undertaken so far. Several don't need amendments and don't impact the workforce in any way," said a labour department officer.

Power grid gets no-objection for land in JharkhandPower grid gets no-objection for land in Jharkhand
Upbeat Infy  TCS to hire in thousands from c...After 2 lacklustre years, IT companies like TCS, Infosys, HCL Tech to hire in thousands from campuses
Jochelle Mendonca, ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 10.49AM IST
Tags:
(TCS will also make 800 offers…)
By Richa Maheshwari
MUMBAI|BANGALORE: After a few tepid years at college campuses, information technology companies are back to hiring in big numbers as Tata Consultancy Services , Infosys and HCL Technologies ramp up recruitment. This is good news to the over 1.5 million engineers who graduate from the country's colleges every year and are struggling to land a job due to an oversupply of talent.
Tata Consultancy Services, India's largest IT services company , said it will hire 35,000 freshers for fiscal 2016, boosting its rate of campus recruitment.The company hired 25,000 from campuses in fiscal 2015. Robust growth prospects led to the company raising the figure, TCS' human resources head Ajoy Mukherjee told ET.
TCS will also make 800 offers in the United States as part of its plan to bring 500 freshers from the United States on its rolls in fiscal 2016. In the current financial year, the company is hiring 400 US freshers.
Engineering colleges have also noticed the uptick. Last month, VIT in Tamil Nadu saw Wipro, Infosys and Cognizant, among others, making more offers than the previous year. While Wipro made 1,141 job offers, Accenture made 1,324 offers. Similarly , Infosys made 1,452 offers and Cognizant 1,911. "I think we see more appetite to take on more freshers and entry level hires as well," said Prithvi Shergill, chief human resource officer at HCL Technologies. "I think there will always be fluctuations, but yes , we are seeing an upward trend in entry level hiring." He declined to give the company's fresher hiring numbers for the next financial year.
Bangalore-based Infosys has also said it would hire between 15,000-16,000 freshers for the current financial year, a sharp increase from the 6,000 freshers it hired in fiscal 2013. The company has not re vealed its campus hiring figure for the next financial year.
The increased hiring from campuses comes as the IT industry is preparing for higher growth. "It is a good sign because fresher hiring tends to be considered a lead ing indicator for how companies view fu ture demand. While the jobs are good for the freshers, I don't think their starting salaries will be rising," an analyst with a Mumbai based brokerage told ET. He declined to be identified because he is not authorised to talk to the media. IT companies count on freshers to keep costs low. Analyst firm HfS estimated that TCS effectively achieved a 6.3% reduction in average employee costs every year over 2007-2013. During this peri od, the percentage of new graduates hired of the total rose from 50% to 80%.
"Fresher hiring continues and has to con tinue mainly because it is one of the impor tant levers to manage the cost and to ensure that they balance the pyramid," said Sunda raman Viswanathan, management consult ant at Zinnov Management Consultancy .
"The fresher hiring will be there for at least the next three-five years and the levels will be maintained." Part of the reason for this is that wage hikes in the industry have drop0 ped to single digits and starting salaries for a new graduates have been stagnant for over t four years as oversupply and softness in the IT industry pressured wages. TCS' Mukhert jee said the company had not changed fresh er salaries for the offers it had made for the s next financial year.
(With additional inputs from Neha Alawadhi in New Delhi)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Board of Srikalahasti Pipes appoints ChairmanBoard of Srikalahasti Pipes appoints Chairman
Despite Chinese concern  India to go ahead with construction of highway in Arunachal PradeshDespite Chinese concern, India to go ahead with its plan of construction of frontier highway in Arunachal Pradesh
Bikash Singh, ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 04.45PM IST
Tags:
Assam
GUWAHATI: With China expressing concern over India's plan to construct frontier highway along the McMohan line in Arunachal Pradesh, Union minister of state for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju said that the India has all the right to create critical infrastructure in its area.
The minister also informed that government will relax rules in the restricted area permit (RAP) for encouraging tourism in different pockets of Northeast India.
Rijiju who was in Guwahati to participate in a programme of PHD chamber of commerce said, "We are at freedom to construct highway in our territory. We are not harming neighbours interest. We have to develop our territories, especially those areas which are neglected for too long time. We are going to develop our own region."
India plans to construct roads linking Mago-Thingbu in Tawang to Vijaynagar in Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh. The 2,000-km long road is expected t cost Rs 40,000 crore. India plans frontier highway in its border. Northeast India shares border with China, Bangladesh, Bhutan and Myanmar.
The minister said, "We are not venturing into others territory. Its is our domain. Other countries should not have any objection when we are not doing anything harmful to them," Rijiju said.
He continued, "We are not doing anything which is adverse to the interest of our neighbours. Whatever is being done, it is for our own people and for the connectivity of our own people living in border areas."
China sharply reacted to India's plans to construct a road network along the McMohan line inArunachal Pradesh and expressed hope that India will not take any action which may complicate the situation before a final settlement is reached to end the boundary dispute.
The MHA will relax the Restricted area permit for some pockets in Northeast India which required by foreigners to visit certain parts of North East. "We have decided to relax the norms of Protected Area Permit. I have discussed it with my senior ministers,. The foreign affairs department of his ministry is working on it."
"Relaxation of visa, permission to travel from one place to another in North East and any other issues, you will get all support from us to promote tourism in the region. However, the relaxation will not be a blanket one for the entire region."
He added that "North East has the highest numbers of insurgents, student groups and autonomous state demands in the world. Demanding is not their problem, its their right. We have to admit that we have faltered. Governments in region have to realise that they have failed.
On the arrest of six operative of Jamaat- ul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) Assam in connection the explosion on October 2 in a house at Khagragarh in Burdwan town in West Bengal, he said he will not say anything as the matter is under investigation.
Rijiju said "any place, any fundamental activities to the extreme are disturbing. We have to contain that kind of forces anywhere in the country. We are checking everything and we are ensuring that it does not go beyond a point... There are reports and we are very careful now."
The minister also pointed out that he is not in favour of against of big dams in North East and favoured smaller ones with 300-500 MW capacities. "Traditionally I am not for big hydro power projects in North East. I am not in favour of 4,000 MW or 5,000 MW projects. I am fine if one or two big projects of 3000 MW or 4000 MW come up in the region with consultations with the public.
He said that NHPC has lost Rs 7,000 crore due to delay in the commissioning of 2000 MW Lower Subansari project along Assam-Arunachal Pradesh border. Work in the project site has come to a halt since last two years after anti dam protest. He explained that if a country's Mini-Ratna category PSU like NHPC is facing a situation like this, then it is a very serious issue.
Union minister of State for Home said the Centre will look into the issue of NGOs getting foreign money and creating obstruction in construction of the project. Power ministry is talking to different groups.
He said government in Arunachal Pradesh has messed up the power. "One should not call Arunachal Pradesh power house as there is not enough power there and state has to purchase from Assam to meet its electricity demand. I met the chief minister, Nabam Tuki requested to expedite power projects and not to just have MOUs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jayalalithaa walks out of jail  heads to ChennaiFormer Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa arrived in Chennai on Saturday by a special aircraft on being released from the Bangalore jail after the Supreme Court granted her bail.
AIADMK cadres were jubilant and celebrated the release of Jayalalithaa, who spent 21 days in prison.
The moment Jayalalithaa emerged from the central jail compound in Bengaluru, formerly known as Bangalore, at 3.10pm, Tamil Nadu chief minister O Pannerselvam threw himself flat on the road in front of the main gate — face down, hands folded in prayer.
As many as 300 AIADMK ministers, MLAs and MPS who were standing behind Panneerselvam, took off their slippers and went down on all fours. Their spotless white shirts and lungis were smeared with mud and slush; it had rained heavily just a few minutes earlier.
Jayalalithaa's supporters celebrate her release in Bangalore on Saturday. (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
The only person, whose presence Jayalalithaa acknowledged before she zoomed off in her imported SUV, was Panneerselvam.
"For a moment, I thought he (Pannerselvam) slipped and fell. My first instinct was to pick him up but I quickly realised that he was paying his respects," said a lady Karnataka cadre IPS officer who was a witness to the scene.
From the jail, Jayalalithaa left in a cavalcade of around 30 vehicles toward the HAL airport where she took a flight to Chennai.
Moments after she left, her supporters broke the police cordon and approached the media flashing victory signs. In voices choking with emotion, they cried out in chorus: "Amma..Amma." The police chased them away with a mild baton charge.
Earlier, at noon, special court judge Michael Cunha, issued the release order after Jayalalithaa's legal team furnished two bonds of Rs. 1 crore each. Similar bonds were executed for the release of her other three associates: Sasikala Natarajan, V Sudhakaran and J Elavarisi.
Watch: Security tightened outside jail ahead of Jayalalitha's release
A special court September 27 convicted Jayalalithaa in a Rs. 66.65-crore disproportionate assets case and sentenced her to four years simple imprisonment, with a fine of Rs. 100 crore under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Her three associates -- Natarajan, Sudhakaran and Elavarisi, who were released along with her from the jail, accompanied her.
The trio was also granted bail by the apex court in the same graft case, in which they were also convicted and sentenced to four years jail term with a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.
— Vishakha Saxena (@saxenavishakha) October 18, 2014
"Jayalalithaa left the jail after completing the formalities. She is fine and in good health," Karnataka inspector general of Prisons (IGP) KV Gagandeep told IANS minutes after she walked free at 3.15pm and waved to the crowd at Parapanna Agrahara on Bangalore's outskirt.
A special court ordered Jayalalithaa's release after the Supreme Court Friday granted her an interim bail in the corruption case.
"The special court judge (John Michael D'Cunha) issued the order after Jayalalithaa's counsel furnished a bond of Rs. 2 crore and two sureties of assets were submitted by her known persons," Gagandeep said.
The two sureties of properties valued at Rs. 5 crore and Rs.1 crore were given by J Bharat and Gunajyothi, who are party cadres in the Chennai.
The release order was issued after Jayalalithaa's counsel submitted to the court a certified copy of the apex court order, suspending her four-year jail term and granting her an interim bail till December 18.
Hundreds of Jayalalithaa's ardent fans and frenzied supporters from Chennai and Hosur across the border lined up on both sides of the Bangalore thoroughfares and cheered her as her convoy sped away towards the airport.
Many AIADMK cadres danced, clapped and waived party flags, while others burst firecrackers at junctions en-route raising slogans in favour of their aamma' (mother) and denouncing at the same time DMK president M. Karunanidhi.
Ecstatic supporters welcomed Jayalalithaa in Chennai.
AIADMK cadres assembled in large numbers shouted 'Long Live Amma'.
Jayalalithaa drove straight to her residence in Poes Garden area. Party cadres - men and women - braving heavy rains were assembled outside her residence and the airport to have a glimpse of their leader.
Film starlet Vidya told Jaya TV that Amma is for Makkal and Makkal are for Amma (Amma is for people and people are for Amma) to sum up the general sentiments of the people. Shock, anger, sadness after Jayalalithaa was jailed gave way to unalloyed pleasure and happiness, that exploded into noisy celebrations.
Right from the morning, Poes Gardens was the scene of festivities and much slogan shouting for their supreme leader. “Puratchi thalaivi, vazhga vazhga” (revolutionary leader, zindabad zindabad) rent the air every time a camera focused on the crowds.
Manikandan S, a farmer and AIADMK worker from Cauvery region, said “she had done a lot for farmers. Her hardship is unbearable for us and we will do anything for her.”
Some 1,000 people crowded the airport arrival area and lined up on either side of the road for a darshan of Amma, who spent 21 days in Bangalore prison.
Thousands of people were out on the street, at airport, along the route and at her residence, braving the intermittent rain for better part of the day. Even Jayalalithaa’s convoy passed through water logged road near Kotturpuram, where it slowed down in front of a Vinayaka temple.
Jayalalithaa was seen bowing her head slightly and folded her hands in namaskaram (salutation) to the presiding diety of the temple – Lord Vinayak. She had prayed in the same temple before heading to Bangalore for judgement in the disproportionate assets case on September 27.
(With IANS inputs)

Black money row: Left says BJP and Centre stand exposedBlack money row: Left says BJP and Centre stand exposed
DA case: Jayalalithaa walks out of Bangalore Central JailDA case: Jayalalithaa walks out of Bangalore Central Jail
US prepared to confront challenge posed by Ebola: ObamaUS prepared to confront challenge posed by Ebola: Obama
Will chop off hands of lax doctors found playing with lives of poor: Jitan Ram ManjhiWill chop off hands of lax doctors found playing with lives of poor: Jitan Ram Manjhi
CEA Subramanian: Why he is right man for the jobWhy PM Modi's new chief economic adviser Arvind Subramanian is the right man for the job
ET Bureau Oct 17, 2014, 06.46AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Arvind Subramanian's appointment…)
MUMBAI | DELHI: Arvind Subramanian, ex-Harvard, ex-IMF, globally well-received policy wonk and columnist, and now India's chief economic advisor, is Modi Sarkar's first appointment of an academic/policy advisor star. And his role as the economic policy guru will go some way in addressing the critique that this government's policymaking wasn't informed by enough intellectual heft.
Plus, he's an economist likely to be in tune with Modi's much publicised 'Make in India' programme.
"India can still become a manufacturing powerhouse, if it makes major upgrades to its roads, ports and power systems, and reforms its labour laws and business regulations," Subramanian has written. A point the Prime Minister, Subramanian's ultimate boss now, will entirely agree with.
His appointment even received rare praise from the Opposition, with former finance minister P Chidambaram calling him "progrowth" and "pro-reform" and "unafraid to speak his mind".
The last attribute rings especially true, because Narendra Modi has cleared, after weeks of speculation when Subramanian's name first surfaced, the appointment of an academic and policy wonk who's only recently critiqued the government.
Subramanian, who specialises in global trade studies, had opposed the government's stand on food security and farm subsidies in the recent WTO meeting. He had also called Arun Jaitley's first budget 'disappointing but retrievable'.
Some people in Delhi's wider policy establishment, who spoke on the condition they not be identified, said Subramanian's appointment shows the Prime Minister's seriousness in starting big economic reforms. His credentials and his credibility were considered to be far more crucial than his critiques. In any case, Subramanian has been a far more severe critique of the preceding UPA government, and made a strong case for Modi in the run up to the polls.
In a pre-election debate organized by the website of a Western news magazine between Subramanian and Congress's Shashi Tharoor, Subramanian had severely indicted the UPA government and, by the website's readers' votes, had won the debate.
More definitively, in early April, Subramanian had written, "Indians want the ditherers in Delhi replaced by the go-getter from Gujarat... The good news is that a Prime Minister Modi would control the policy levers.''
That prediction of the PM in control of policy levers has definitely come through but in its five months in power, the Modi government hasn't announced a big bang policy list. Subramanian, it's widely felt, will be a key advisor in policy big thinking.
Subramanian's policy thinking can be summed up thus: an advocate of free trade, bigger role for manufacturing in India's economy, boosting trade ties with the US and keeping a close eye on China's economy.
Most of this should sit well with Modi Sarkar's policy thinking. But whether there will be a difference in approach about trade issues between the government and its new CEA can be one of the more interesting questions of Subramanian's tenure.
In his testimony to the US International Trade Commission Hearing on Trade Investment, and Industrial Policies in India, Subramanian had talked up Indo-US relationship in a way that's thematically similar to this government's approach: "The broader framework will represent 'going big'. And going big is necessary because this is a relationship between two great democracies with deep commonalities; because this is a marathon not a sprint; because this is a multi-not uni-dimensional relationship; and because going big is the best way to address even the small,'' Subramanian had said.
 
Subramanian's first public responses after his appointment was announced said all the right things. "It is an absolute honour and privilege to come at this time, a time of great hope and dynamism for the economy to serve in the Government that has mandate for a reform and change,'' Subramanian said. The new CEA also highlighted the two key and obvious priorities: "For any economy like India, the two big things are macroeconomic stability and, of course, creating conditions for rapid investment and growth. While creating opportunity for all segments of Indian society, no one should be left out of this process.''
"Arvind is a good economist, but he has essentially been a research economist all the time. He has never worked in countries on hard core policy issues, it will take him a little bit of time to settle down to understand how the Indian economy works", said Pronab Sen, chairman, National Statistical Commission.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Meet Rajiv Mehrishi  the new economic affairs secretary in PM Modi s govtYou are here: Home > Collections > Rajasthan
Meet Rajiv Mehrishi, the new economic affairs secretary in PM Modi's government
AKSHAY DESHMANE, ET Bureau Oct 17, 2014, 04.43AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Mehrishi has been for…)
JAIPUR: On the day Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced that he was to replace Arvind Mayaram as economic affairs secretary in the finance ministry, Rajasthan Chief Secretary Rajiv Mehrishi was busy following up on the rollout of the many reform measures announced in recent months by Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje.
Mehrishi has been for the past one year working quietly behind the scenes in drafting and overseeing the rollout of reforms in labour and land acquisition laws, apart from reconfiguring policies in skills development, solar energy and PPP-based highway projects. These are widely regarded as templates which could be followed nationwide.
Speaking to ET on Thursday, Mehrishi declined to get into specifics about his new job, preferring to speak instead on his tenure in Rajasthan that have brought the desert state into the limelight.
When asked for reactions about the appointment, he said, "It is a great feeling to be trusted with such an important responsibility."
He refused to elaborate on his priorities though he did say that Rajasthan was carrying out reforms that have been debated nationally. "I have yet to take charge and look at the details, so it would be unfair of me to say anything at this point of time. Right now I am focused on overseeing the implementation of reforms here in Rajasthan. Things are finally looking up for the state now. These reforms we are doing in Rajasthan have been debated nationally for decades now. Finally, there is a decisive leadership for implementing them," he said.
His appointment to the finance ministry is widely seen as a positive move in the bureaucracy. "He is a systems man, methodical," said a government official who has worked with him closely.
Mehrishi was finance minister Arun Jaitley's junior in college days and had worked very closely with him in company affairs ministry in the previous NDA regime.
In his stint in the MCA, Mehrishi was responsible for stressing on use of technology, notably in ensuring online filing by companies. He was also passionate about investor protection with a focus on such things as companies using IPO proceeds for the purpose indicated in their prospectuses, according to people who interacted with him in his MCA days.
Mehrishi is also known to be passionate about cricket which should ensure a certain comfort level with his current boss as they get down to the task of putting the economy on a firmer footing to build on the nine quarter high 5.7 per cent GDP growth, recorded in April-June quarter.
This cigar-loving former history student from St. Stephen's inherits a healthier economy than his predecessor did. The economy is on the mend, deficits are under control, inflation is headed lower, crude prices are falling to record lows driving subsidies down and there is buzz about India among investors.
In Rajasthan, those in the state bureaucracy who have worked with him closely, confirm that it was he who pushed these bold reform measures.
"Initially, when Raje was uncertain about the political fallout of these policy decisions, it was Mehrishi's favourable counsel which ensured the CM put her political weight behind them," said a former state finance department official, who has also worked with Mehrishi before in the centre.
 
Mehrishi, a former batch mate of his predecessor, Arvind Mayaram, who also went with him to the same Jesuit school, St. Xavier's in Jaipur, explained how the reform measures came to be implemented. "The brief CM gave us was clear. She wanted us to focus on roads, electricity, water, health, education and jobs. While roads, electricity are on track in the form of PPP projects, (to create) jobs we have undertaken the labour reforms and amendments to land acquisition act, which will be the biggest winner of investments for Rajasthan," said Mehrishi.
In the coming days, except for the Apprentices Bill, all the rest are expected to get presidential assent, he added. "There are some issues with the Apprentices Bill being resolved between Home and Labour departments, but that won't take long, either."
Among the other sectors he highlights as achievements which could be taken up on a national stage are: expanding Aadhar coverage to the entire state, for cash transfers based welfare delivery.
Some of these reforms have invited criticism and protests from even within the ruling party apart from activists though Menrishi plays down the extent of resistance. "The land acquisition bill has been sent to the assembly's select committee and that is a proper way of getting it cleared, there is no resistance to it. We have improved the draft of the bill substantially," he said.
His self-assurance comes from an intimate understanding of the levers of power acquired over decades. Perhaps that is why, on Thursday, not many from among the desert state's policy elite were surprised to know that Mehrishi was going to Delhi.
There have been stories about him trying to return to Delhi for the past few months now. One version had it that he was trying hard to move to the Finance Ministry some four months, or more, ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi turns his focus to economy  Arvind Subramanian appointed CEAPM Modi turns his focus to economy, Arvind Subramanian appointed chief economic advisor
ET Bureau Oct 17, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(The government appointed Rajiv Mehrishi as…)
NEW DELHI: With crucial Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections out of the way, the Narendra Modi government rolled out its most significant bureaucratic reshuffle since taking charge in May, and appointed Arvind Subramanian as chief economic advisor (CEA), suggesting a big reform push is in the works.
It appointed Rajiv Mehrishi, currently with the Rajasthan government, as economic affairs secretary, replacing Arvind Mayaram. In all, 20 bureaucrats were moved, nine at secretary level.
Thursday's appointments put in place a completely new team in the finance ministry that will draw up the next budget, which is expected to set the government's long-term economic agenda more firmly in place, much more so than the one unveiled on July 10, for which it had just over a month to prepare. The finance ministry has five secretaries in charge of economic affairs, expenditure, revenue, financial services and disinvestment. The most senior among them is designated finance secretary, which will now be Expenditure Secretary Ratan P Watal.
Mayaram, who was appointed economic affairs secretary by the previous UPA government and was recently elevated to the position of finance secretary, has been shunted as secretary in the tourism ministry to replace Parvez Dewan, who retires at the end of the month. Mehrishi is currently chief secretary in the BJP-headed Rajasthan government.
Both Mayaram and Mehrishi are from the 1978 batch of the Indian Administrative Service (IAS). Mayaram has more than a year to retire while Mehrishi has about 10 months of service left.
Sources said Mayaram was replaced because he was too closely identified with the economic policies of the previous UPA government and the Modi administration was finding it difficult to ring in the changes and stamp its authority as far as policy changes were concerned. There was speculation in North Block that the immediate trigger for his removal could have been an October 10 blog post by an overseas publication citing Mayaram that was headlined "Don't expect more reforms from Modi just yet". His actual quote was: "What you'll see is a lot of action which is preparatory to the budget but which includes many of the announcements that the prime minister has made recently."
Mehrishi has worked earlier with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, when the latter was a minister in the previous NDA government. With the latest changes, three of the five secretaries and the chief economic advisor will all be NDA appointees. The appointments, especially that of Subramanian, suggest the new government is going to push ahead with reforms in the months ahead and in the budget. He had been tipped to get the job in August, but Prime Minister Narendra Modi is said to have sought more names after the first shortlist was sent to him.
Subramanian's appointment was hailed by former finance minister P Chidambaram. "Dr Arvind Subramanian has been on the shortlist of candidates for CEA for many years and I am happy he will begin his tenure under a new government. He brings to the job rich and varied experience and acclaimed work as a distinguished academic. He is pro-growth and pro-reform and unafraid to speak his mind. An excellent choice," he said in a statement. Subramanian, a fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics and at the Center for Global Development, took charge on Thursday itself.
"I want to say that it is an absolute honour and privilege to come at this time of great hope and dynamism, to serve in the government that has a mandate for reforms and change," Subramanian told reporters.
"On the whole I am very, very hopeful about the Indian economy. Of course there are challenges as there are for others. But there is a sense of hope, opportunity and dynamism going forward and promise for things to come. I think good things are ahead for Indian economy," he said. Asked whether his immediate priority would be growth or containing inflation, he said he needed to become familiarised with his job and get a better view of what needed to be done. "For any economy like India, the two big things are macroeconomic stability and creating conditions for rapid investment and growth while creating opportunities for all segments of society. Growth investment and opportunity for all segments of Indian society will start this process," he said, reflecting the Modi government's mantra of "sabka saath sabka vikas".
 
Subramanian had been critical of Jaitley's July 10 budget. "It is widely accepted that there was a smoke-and-mirrors aspect to the numbers in the interim budget crafted by the previous government, which artificially reduced or deferred expenditures by up to 0.3 per cent of GDP," he'd written at the time. "The budget should also have moved toward purging asset sales/privatisation receipts from the headline deficit number. Instead the budget continues these shortcomings."

Good order flow and staff addition augur well for TCSGood order flow and staff addition augur well for TCS
By Ranjit Shinde , ET Bureau | 17 Oct, 2014, 07.32AM IST
The nation’s largest software exporter reported firm sequential growth across business verticals and geographies for the September 2014 quarter.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
The management commentary of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) continues to be optimistic. In addition, the nation's largest software exporter reported firm sequential growth across business verticals and geographies for the September 2014 quarter. This may offer some relief to investors who are concerned over the future prospects of export-driven companies against the backdrop of dwindling hopes of a recovery in the European economies and mixed economic data from the US. The company clocked revenue of $3,929 million during the September quarter, 6.4 per cent higher than that in the previous quarter.
This was marginally lower than $3,950-3,975 million expected by analysts. It also missed the rupee denominated revenue by a whisker, reporting Rs 23,816.5 crore against the estimate of.`23,847 crore. The target mismatch was a little more pronounced at the net profit level. At Rs 5,288.3 crore, net profit rose 4.6 per cent sequentially, significantly lower than the expected growth of 7 per cent. Going by the strong management commentary about the prospects and the sustained addition of employees, the underperformance seems to reflect the elevated expectations of analysts rather than an indication of shift in the momentum.
The September quarter has traditionally been good for IT exporters . This and a better growth than peers may have fuelled analysts' expectations. On the operational front, business volume growth, which reflects the underlying momentum of operations, was a strong 6.1 per cent sequentially over and above the 5.7 per cent growth seen during the June 2014 quarter. Over the past six months, it has added 17 clients with billing between $20 million and $50 million, which exceeds the number of 15 clients it added in the whole of last fiscal. Also, it has added eight clients in the $50 million and above category in the six months to September 2014 compared with just one in FY14. The trend in employee addition shows similar traction.
The company has added 13,293 employees in the first half of the current fiscal, far higher than 9,054 during the first six months of the previous fiscal. TCS follows April-March fiscal. These factors reflect the management's optimism about the future prospects. It has cited sustained traction across key verticals of finance and banking, manufacturing, and retail. In addition, the growth in the US and Europe has stayed at 4-5 per cent on a sequential basis.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Ten takeways from the second-quarter results of TCSTen takeways from TCS' Q2 results
ET Bureau Oct 16, 2014, 08.05PM IST
Tags:
CMC Ltd.
(Here are 10 takeaways from…)
MUMBAI: Here are 10 takeaways from the second-quarter results of Tata Consultancy Services , which announced it was taking over its majority-owned unit CMC Ltd:
CMC Amalgamation: TCS already owns 51% of CMC and will amalgamate the rest through a share swap. CMC shareholders will receive 79 shares of Rs 1 each of TCS for 100 shares of Rs 10 each of CMC. The deal gives TCS a greater reach into the India at a time when the domestic market is showing signs of recovery.
Revenue: TCS reported revenue growth of 6.4% sequentially, helped by its Japan acquisition. But organic revenue growth of 4.6% in constant currency marginally missed analyst estimates. However, the company continued to outgrow Bangalore-based rival Infosys , which reported revenue growth of 3.1% last week.
Guidance: TCS indicated that the third-quarter would be a seasonally weak due to furloughs and holidays
Hiring: The company said it had already hired 36,000 out of its 55,000 target for the year. TCS said it has no near-term plans to slow hiring even as it continues to invest in automation and platforms that require few people to provide the same results
Client additions: TCS added four $50+ million clients and nine $20+ million clients as it continues to deepen its relationships and win market share in its existing deals and focuses resources on winning net new large contracts.
Markets: India, a market that was a thorn in TCS' side in the last year, posted its second consecutive quarter of growth. The domestic market grew in double digits quarter over quarter and TCS CEO N Chandrasekaran said he was turning positive on the India market. However, the company slipped in Latin America as it does not yet have the scale there to smooth over bumps. Chandrasekaran said the goal was to grow that market into predictability.
Verticals: TCS saw robust growth across most industry verticals. Insurance remained soft as the company's insurance processing platform Diligenta showed signs of weakness. TCS also said that some retail deal ramp-ups that it had expected failed to materialize. The revenue from those ramp-ups will now likely be pushed into the next year.
Margins: TCS grew its margins by 55 basis points to 26.8%, even as it faced a 50 basis point headwind from its Japan unit. That unit has a margin in the low single-digits. TCS offset that headwind through a one-time boost in its margin from a depreciation accounting related gain, currency movement and operational efficiency.
Discretionary spending: TCS sees strong demand in discretionary spending which is expected to power revenue growth in its digital business. Though deal sizes are small and $100 million digital deals are unlikely, TCS can compete for multiple smaller deals boosting its revenue. The digital business is expected to be worth more than $5 billion in the next 3-5 years on a cumulative basis. The run rate in that business is expected to reach a couple of billion dollars in the same period.
Utilisation and Attrition: TCS' utilization, excluding trainees, touched an all-time high of 86.2%. The company says that at its scale, it no longer makes sense for it to consider utilization in terms of percentages. Attrition was marginally higher at 12.8%, Infosys' attrition rate crossed the 20% mark in its second quarter.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS reports a 6.4% jump in revenue; misses analysts  estimatesTata Consultancy Services reports a 6.4 per cent jump in revenue; misses analysts' estimates
ET Bureau Oct 16, 2014, 04.34PM IST
Tags:
Bombay stock exchange
(TCS had acquired a 51 per…)
MUMBAI: Tata Consultancy Services on Thursday reported a 6.4 per cent jump in revenue sequentially, marginally missing analysts' estimates, and announced that it was taking over the remainder of the stake in its majority-owned unit CMC Ltd.
TCS had acquired a 51 per cent stake in CMC over a decade ago when the government privatised what had been its IT arm. The merger will consolidate CMC's operations with TCS, rationalising the structure and giving the company greater financial strength and market reach.
"We expect the consolidation to help us in the Indian market and CMC has solutions that complement our offerings. If all the approvals are received, we expect the amalgamation to be completed in six to nine months," TCS CEO N Chandrasekaran said at a post-earnings press conference. Separately, CMC announced that Chandrasekaran had been appointed chairman of the company.
CMC, earlier called Computer Maintenance Corp, had 5 per cent margins before TCS took over the company. Since then, CMC has more than tripled its margins and revamped its market strategy to boost growth. CMC shareholders will receive 79 shares of Rs 1 each of TCS for 100 shares of Rs 10 each of CMC.
"We have been asking them when the amalgamation would happen constantly. The timing is good because they will get CMC's reach in the India market, which is starting to do better. It does not have much effect on numbers because they already consolidate CMC's results with their own," said an analyst with a Mumbai-based brokerage.
The amalgamation will boost TCS' reach in the domestic market, which is just returning to growth after a year of lacklustre performance. "We have seen two consecutive quarters of growth in the India market. In this quarter, we saw double-digit sequential growth. I am turning positive on India. The pipeline is looking good and we are seeing strategic programmes being implemented," Chandrasekaran said.
For the second quarter, TCS reported a revenue growth of 4.6 per cent on a constant currency basis, with the rest of the growth coming from the company's acquisition in Japan. The organic growth was marginal, as the Street had expected organic revenue growth of about 5 per cent .
"The slight miss is because there was softness in insurance, slight de-growth in Latin America and though retail grew strongly, we could have grown more because some ramp-ups did not happen. I think, we could have grown another $20-25 million incrementally in the quarter," Chandrasekaran said on a call with analysts.
For the second quarter, the Mumbaiheadquartered company posted revenue of $3.93 billion. Net income came in at $872 million. The growth in revenue was also helped by the company's Japan business. In April, TCS said it was acquiring Mitsubishi Corp's IT arm, which has about $500 million in revenue a year, and about 2,400 employees. The deal, which closed at the end of June, gives TCS the greatest scale of any Indian IT firm in Japan.
The company also reported an operating margin of 26.8 per cent , slightly higher than the first quarter, bucking analyst expectations for a contraction in margins. In comparison, a week ago, Infosys reported a 3.1per cent jump in revenue sequentially with operating margins of 26.1 per cent .
 
TCS also hired 20,350 people, taking its total headcount to 313,757. But some of that hiring is a cause of concern for analysts. "While the hiring is a good sign in some respects, you would hope that as they make investments in automation and platforms, that number would start to come down, at least in places such as India. Because IT is moving to end-to-end processes with little intervention, and you don't need 315,000+ people to do that," Ian Marriott, vice-president at Gartner, told ET.
TCS said it was investing in automation in its BPO business, and added that its platform plays were growing quarteron-quarter and that verticals such as utilities, hi-tech and new offerings such as digital were showing good growth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Photos: The most expensive homes in the world for saleTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Thu 27 Nov, 2014, 3:03 AM IST - India Markets open in 6 hrs 12 mins
World's most expensive homes for sale
Some owners around the world are trying to sell their trophy homes for some gob-smacking prices.
Recommend
Prev Next
Forbes: Earlier this year a new residential sales record was set when hedge fund tycoon Barry Rosenstein shelled out $147 million for an East Hampton spread. But that price — the highest ever paid ... more 
Forbes: Earlier this year a new residential sales record was set when hedge fund tycoon Barry Rosenstein shelled out $147 million for an East Hampton spread. But that price — the highest ever paid for a home in the United States –is chump change compared to what some owners around the globe are currently seeking for their trophy properties… More from Forbes: Andy Murray’s Cromlix estate Four characteristics of epic salespeople How you can be happy in retirement less 
1 / 12
The new central government has brought a new hope to the country's dwindling realty sector. The ruling … More » 10 major metro cities in the making in India
On This Site
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Gold price declines to to Rs 27 700 on sluggish demandGold price declines to to Rs 27 700 on sluggish demand
NRIs set up firm to promote Indian events in UKNRIs set up firm to promote Indian events in UK
US interested to become partner country in Vibrant...US interested to become partner country in Vibrant...
Hurricane Gonzalo plunges Bermuda into darknessHurricane Gonzalo plunges Bermuda into darkness
BCCI may consider freezing bilateral ties with West IndiesBCCI may consider freezing bilateral ties with West Indies
PM Modi recalls Karzai s contribution to strengthening of India-Afghan tiesPM Modi recalls Karzai s contribution to strengthening of India-Afghan ties
BCCI may scrap 2016 West Indies tourBCCI may scrap 2016 West Indies tour
Black money issue: TMC says Centre has made  u-turnBlack money issue: TMC says Centre has made  u-turn
Pak Violates Ceasefire Again; Army Chief Sharif Says Resolving Kashmir Issue VitalPak Violates Ceasefire Again; Army Chief Sharif Says Resolving Kashmir Issue Vital
HK govt to open talks with democracy protesters TuesdayHK govt to open talks with democracy protesters Tuesday
Gold prices fall marginally amid lacklustre demandGold prices fall marginally amid lacklustre demand
Weekly report: Rupee fails to extend gains  ends at 61.44 Vs USDWeekly report: Rupee fails to extend gains  ends at 61.44 Vs USD
Anil Ambani takes forward Narendra Modi s  Swachh Bharat  campaign to Badrinath  KedarnathAnil Ambani takes forward Narendra Modi s  Swachh Bharat  campaign to Badrinath  Kedarnath
Expect HCL Tech to witness downtick by 24%: P LilladherExpect HCL Tech to witness downtick by 24%: P Lilladher
At this point  beating FY14 looks difficult: N ChandrasekaranAt this point, beating FY14 looks difficult: N Chandrasekaran
Shivani Shinde Nadhe |  Oct 18, 2014 12:58 AM IST
On Friday, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) saw its stock fall 8.7 per cent, wiping off Rs 47,000 crore of investor wealth, as the company missed expectations on the revenue growth front. Managing Director and chief executive N Chandrasekaran, however, says the September quarter was a good one. But, he cautions, performance in the third quarter will be soft. Edited excerpts:
The market has reacted sharply to TCS' September quarter numbers. Did you expect such a reaction?
No one can predict the market. I could feel there was a sense of disappointment. I think the disappointment is because the market always expects you to do well in the second quarter, as it is better and stronger than the first. That's the only reason. I, too, feel we should have recorded another $20 million in business.
On an organic basis, there seemed to be pressure in the second quarter. Was this due to macro issues?
In terms of performance, I think the second quarter was really good. Though the retail segment did well, it grew 5.6 per cent on constant currency terms; in the previous quarter, it was seven per cent. Some ramp-ups didn't happen. So, we lost a few million dollars there. We expected the insurance space to remain soft or at the same level as in the first quarter. But it de-grew further. Latin America should have grown by a few million dollars, but went down by $5 million; this was a surprise. When you take $5-6 million in each of these cases, it amounts to a hit of about $20 million from two or three areas.
Analysts feel TCS is trying to tone down expectations.
No, we are not. If you look at the miss, it's a small gap. It's a difference of 40 basis points, which translates to less than $20 million. I am very happy with the volume growth (6.1 per cent). I have a few major points for this quarter. I am happy with our growth, in terms of markets, services, geographies and business units.
I am a bit disappointed that we missed on a few million dollars of growth during a quarter that is essentially a strong one. But all indications from customers continue to be stable.
For us, Europe has done well. The performance in the UK was same as the company's growth on constant currency terms. It's not that the quarter was bad; just these three areas were a problem. The revenue growth of 4.6 per cent is really good.
Will the performance in the September quarter impact your growth target for FY15?
I cannot make up for the $20 million in the next quarter. The reason is the third quarter (ending December) is essentially a weak one. It will be soft, as we have furloughs in the manufacturing segment; also, the number of working days is less. We do not give an estimate. It depends on what parameters you take. At this point, beating FY14 looks difficult.
But all the three problem areas are work in progress. I did say the insurance segment will be soft. I think by FY15, we will see positive momentum in that vertical. We are pursuing some deals. The retail segment did well; just that some ramp-ups didn't happen. The sector has managed to grow well.
TCS announced a merger with CMC (Computer Maintenance Corporation). Do you think the merger will aid TCS' strategy in India?
CMC has strong presence in the domestic market. It certainly compliments TCS. I am yet to get into the details of CMC's footprint in India. I can only say my aspiration is to reduce the volatility in India business and grow from here. We will integrate CMC completely. All the employees will come on board TCS.
You recently completed five years at the helm of the company. How do the next five years look for TCS?
Compared to the past five years, we want to do better in the next five years. I think the digital vertical will be big business for TCS; it should be worth $4-5 billion.
Technology innovation will only increase. We have talked about digital issues such as cloud, big data and mobility. But going ahead, many more technologies will be built. From our side, the world has moved into a different paradigm - it's called the default digital paradigm.

Who s who at Athena Capital ResearchSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The Securities and Exchange Commission’s $1 million settlement with Athena Capital Research detailed the high-frequency trading firm’s manipulation of Nasdaq-listed stock prices. But it didn’t mention the company’s executives.
Why weren’t they included in the case — the regulator’s first manipulation proceeding against a high-frequency trading firm?  And who are they?
The SEC declined to provide on-the-record answers to several questions about the settlement — including the absence of allegations against named individuals, the identity of the firm that cleared Athena’s trades and why it took until 2014 to reach a resolution of actions that occurred in 2009.
However, electronic public records and other online sources provide some information about Athena’s present and former executives.
A list of speakers for a 2010 algorithmic trading conference at New York University listed Brad Banks as an Athena co-founder. Banks was identified as a Massachusetts Institute of Technology graduate with degrees in computer science.
According to the listing, Banks worked at Tower Research Capital, a pioneering high-speed trading and financial services firm founded by Mark Gorton .  A 2007 Bloomberg News story included an admiring quote from Banks about the automated trading strategies used by Gorton’s firm.
“I believed they would do impressive things, and it seemed potentially rewarding,” said Banks. “And it was.”
But the SEC hasn’t always been as congratulatory of Tower-related activities. In September, a Tower subsidiary known as Latour Trading agreed to pay a $16 million penalty to settle SEC allegations that it failed to keep enough liquid assets to back the risks of its high-frequency trading.
Banks did not respond to a message sent to Athena seeking comment. However, the company issued a statement Thursday that stated in part: “Athena believes that its trading activity helped satisfy market demand for liquidity during a period of unprecedented demand for such liquidity. Athena stopped running the trading strategies in question several years ago, primarily due to declining market demand for liquidity.”
The company neither admitted nor denied the SEC allegations.
A 2010 Dow Jones Newswires story  identified Peter Buckley as a Tower Research Capital Research alumnus, and said he also served as an Athena executive. Buckley was chief operating officer and managing partner at Athena after leaving Tower, according to a 2012 account by the Futures Industry Association’s magazine .
Buckley subsequently worked for the U.S. division of Newedge , the global agency broker and clearing firm owned by Societe Generale, the France-based multinational bank and financial services giant. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission cited Buckley’s Newedge connection in a 2012 announcement that said he was among nominees tapped for an advisory committee on automated and high-frequency trading.
Buckley could not be reached for comment.
Neither could Evan Wies. But his LinkedIn profile  says Wies worked as the chief technology officer for an unidentified hedge fund from March 2004 to June 2011.
“I would tell you, but then I’d have to kill you. But I did lead an amazing, agile team and managed a multi-million dollar technology budget,” the profile quoted Wies as saying.
The company was identified as Athena in a separate profile of Wies on the the website of Stone Ridge Technology , a Maryland firm that offers products and services for high performance computing. The profile identified Wies as an advisor and said he received undergraduate and graduate degrees in electrical engineering and computer science from MIT.
 

Anil Ambani takes clean India campaign to Ba...You are here: Home > Collections > Badrinath
Anil Ambani takes 'Swachh Bharat' campaign to Badrinath, Kedarnath
PTI Oct 18, 2014, 03.02PM IST
Tags:
Anil Ambani
(Ambani, who was among the…)
BADRINATH: Taking forward Prime Minister Narendra Modi's initiative to rid the country of litter and rubbish, Reliance Group chairman Anil Ambani today cleaned the Badrinath and Kedarnath temple premises and area around it to spread the message of 'Swachh Bharat'.
After cleaning the Badrinath temple, Ambani said, "Today, I am here for two important reasons. First, to take the blessings of Badrinath ji and Kedarnath ji and second important reason that I would like to share with you is, we do not keep our temples and places around it as clean as they should be. So let us all take this responsibility from today, to keep our religious places clean."
Ambani, who was among the nine celebrities named by Modi to carry the Swachh Bharat campaign forward, was accompanied by his wife Tina.
Other celebrities named by Modi included cricketing icon Sachin Tendulkar and film stars Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra, yoga guru Ramdev and Congress leader Sashi Tharoor.
"At this very religious place, I would like to take this pledge in the name of Badrinath and Kedarnath, lets make each and every temple and place of worship clean in order to accomplish the Swachh Bharat Mission," Ambani added.
He said that Swachh Bharat Mission can only be successful if all of us work towards it together.
Ambani had last week, along with his friends, cleaned the area outside Churchgate Station in Mumbai and in turn had invited nine other prominent personalities, including Asian Games gold medallist boxer Mary Kom, legendary film star Amitabh Bachchan and tennis star Sania Mirza to take the Swachh Bharat campaign forward.
Others named by Ambani include columnist Shobha De, leading journalist Shekhar Gupta, lyricist Prasoon Joshi, Bollywood superhero Hrithik Roshan, Telugu superstar Nagarjuna and Runners Clubs of India.
Applauding the initiative, Modi had tweeted, "Wonderful effort by Shri Anil Ambani, who cleaned the area around Churchgate Station in Mumbai along with his friends. #MyCleanIndia."
Modi had used Gandhi Jayanti, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, to start the cleanliness drive and ordered ministers to sweep areas clean.
"I have invited nine people and asked them to come to public places and work towards a Clean India. I ask them to invite nine more people too... I am sure these nine people will do the work and each will invite nine more people to form a chain and clean the country," Modi had said then.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIC to step up services in Hudhud-hit Andhra...Andhra Pradesh
(LIC has eased the procedure…)
CHENNAI: The country's largest life insurer, Life Insurance Corporation of India, has appointed nodal officers in cyclone-devastated Andhra Pradesh and Odisha for stepping up its services in the region, including expediting settlement claims.
LIC has eased the procedure for settlement of claims on the lives of the victims of cyclone Hudhud in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha, the company said in a statement.
These concessions and relaxations are in the nature of simplified procedure for death and disability claim settlement, loss of policy document and claim settlement on the lives of missing persons, it said.
LIC has appointed Nodal Officers in the affected states for coordinating and expediting settlement claims, it said.
More than 30 people lost their lives while several others were rendered homeless after cyclone Hudhud made landfall last Tuesday. Prime Minister Narendra Modi had announced Rs 1,000 crore towards taking up immediate relief works.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prime accused in 2008 Mangalore church attacks says he s now  secularAt around 5 pm on September 14, 2008 then Bajrang Dal chief Mahendra Kumar called a press conference in Mangalore along with VHP leader MB Puranik.
File photo of Mahendra Kumar.
At 10 am that morning, Bajrang Dal activists had attacked a nunnery in the city, police records show. Within the next hour, 15 more churches were attacked by Hindutva activists in Coastal Karnataka.
At that press conference, which this reporter attended, Kumar and Puranik claimed responsibility for the attacks.
In a joint statement, they warned of more attacks if Christian missionaries didn't stop converting Hindus. The next few days saw similar attacks across the state. Kumar was arrested on September 19 and later sacked from post of state convenor of the Bajrang Dal.
Six years since he issued that statement, Mahendra Kumar claims he's now a "transformed" and "secular" man.
Speaking exclusively to HT on Thursday - after the state government scrapped the Justice BK Somashekhara commission report on the church attacks - Kumar said:
"The 42 days I spent in prison gave me a lot of time to think. I no longer believe in Hindutva. I am secular now. If we have to progress as a nation, we must all work together - Hindu, Muslim, Christian..."
Kumar welcomed the ruling Congress government's decision to scrap the Somashekhara report, which was commissioned by the previous BJP government. He even joined concert with Law Minister T B Jayachandra who said that the report was "politically motivated".
"Of course the report was politically motivated," Kumar said, "The entire objective of the report was to shield the then BJP government."
The police crack down on Chiristians peacefully protesting against the church attacks. (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
He said, "The report gives a clean chit to the Bajrang Dal and indicts me. I was the head of the organisation then. How can I be guilty and the Bajrang Dal innocent?"
He points to two attacks that happened simultaneously in Byndoor (Udupi district) and Kadur (Chikmangalur district), 300 km away. "How could Mahendra Kumar be responsible for both the attacks? But that's what the Somashekhara commission report says. Isn't it silly?," he said.
But didn't he claim responsibility for the church attacks? "I never said that I personally attacked the churches. I said that I supported the attacks because missionaries were converting people by force and by inducements. Puranik also said the same thing; why wasn't he arrested?", Kumar said.
Does he still support the attacks? "No not at all. I was wrong then. Now, my focus is on the people who get coverted not on the missionaries. I have realised that people convert because of poverty and the caste system. There are many problems in Hindu society but the RSS and BJP will not focus on these issues. All they do is target missionaries for political mileage."
Has this change of heart come about because he was the singled out for punishment? "I am speaking from my heart. Please don't politicise this. I am not that petty," he said.
39-year-old Kumar revealed thay he joined the RSS when he was 17.
"I was attracted by the Ram Janmabhoomi movement. But over the years I realised that the BJP and the RSS raised the issue only to benefit electorally. Today, I don't care much for a Ram temple. How does a temple change the lives of millions of poor Hindus? What I want is Ram Rajya not Ram Mandir. That is real Hindutva"
The state government has decided to proceed against police officers who 'exceeded their brief' and further harassed the victims. (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
Asked what he meant by real Hindutva, he said, "The teachings of Vivekananda are real Hindutva. It is not the RSS type of Hindutva. If I am asked to choose my icons from the Hindutva movement, the only people I can think of are Vivekananda and Shivaji."
Asked to choose a favourite from among the living leaders of the movement, he said, "The only living Hindutva leader I respect is [Prime Minister] Narendra Modi. Hats off to him. I love him more than anything else."
Has he cut off ties from all others? "I am in touch with [Sri Rama Sene chief] Pramod Muthalik. In fact, I am meeting him for breakfast tomorrow [Friday]. Many of my former comrades from the Bajrang Dal, who have been used and thrown like me, come to me for help. I am not in touch with anybody else."
Like Kumar, Muthalik too was once the head of the Bajrang Dal. He was sacked in 2005 after his arrest, in connection with a string of communal flare ups, became imminent.
Speaking of his future plans, Kumar said, "I want to write a tell-all book about my experiences. But I am not yet fully prepared. I still have a lot of reading and research to do before I write that book."
Asked to respond, MB Puranik said, "Mahendra Kumar is no longer with us. He has no principles."

Maharashtra  Haryana polls: Vote counting tomorrowprint
Counting of votes for the Assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana, seen as the first major test of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's popularity after the Lok Sabha polls, will be held on Sunday.
The vote counting for the 288-member Maharashtra Assembly and 90-member Haryana Assembly will start at 8 am in the two states which went to polls on October 15.
Haryana recorded its highest-ever turnout of 76.54% while Maharashtra recorded 63.13% polling. Exit polls have projected that the BJP will emerge as the largest party in both Maharashtra and Haryana stopping short of majority.
Counting will be held across 288 counting centres at 269 locations in Maharashtra. Trends are expected to be available around noon and final results will begin pouring in around 3 pm.
Altogether, 63.13% voters cast their vote in the Assembly polls.
Polling was also held for the Beed Lok Sabha bypoll on October 15. Counting for it will also be taken up on Sunday.
BJP fielded 280, BSP 260, CPI 34, CPM 19, Congress 287, NCP 278, Shiv Sena 282 and MNS had fielded 219. A total of 4119 candidates contested the poll. Of the 288 constituencies, including 36 constituencies in Mumbai, 234 are general, 29 reserved for scheduled castes and 25 for scheduled tribes.
In Haryana, the fate of the Bhupinder Singh Hooda-led Congress government, which is aiming at a third successive term, and BJP, which is eyeing to form a government on its own, would be known tomorrow.
The state had created history by clocking an all-time high polling of about 76.54 per cent, surpassing maximum of 72.65 per cent in 1967 in the high-stakes battle among top contenders Congress, BJP and INLD in a multi-cornered contest.
The fate of 1351 candidates, including 116 women - the highest number since the formation of the state in 1966, was sealed during the single day polling. Unlike in the recent past, when the fight was mainly between Congress and Indian National Lok Dal (INLD), a number of new players have thrown their hats in the ring this time.

Jayalalithaa released from jailJayalalithaa released from jail
Press Trust of India | Bangalore Oct 18, 2014 12:27 PM IST
Jayalalithaa has been released three weeks after she was convicted by a Karnataka court in a disproportionate assets case.
The Special Court here today issued the order for release of AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa from jail here in accordance with the Supreme Court order granting her bail in the disproportionate assets case.
The release order by Special Judge John Michael D'Cunha came after a bond for Rs two crore was furnished and surety of assets offered. Copy of the Supreme Court order was also produced before the court by Jayalalithaa's lawyers.
Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala and her relatives Sudhakaran and Elavarasi also fufilled similar conditions.
The former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister and the three others will be released in the afternoon after the Special Court's release order is furnished to officials of Parappana Agrahara Central Prison where Jayalalithaa and three others are lodged.
The Special Court had sentenced them to four years in jail in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case on September 27.

Visa: UK Deputy PM suggests softening certai...Indian Government
(Britain's Deputy PM, Nick…)
LONDON: Britain's Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg , has assured visiting External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj of a more pragmatic visa regime during a "very productive meeting" here.
The senior Liberal Democrat leader indicated a review of rules around ICT (inter-company transfer) visas used largely by Indian IT professionals.
"We constantly need to ask ourselves whether we have got the visa rules right and whether we can improve them further. I think some of the rules around inter-company transfer visas, which affect for instance Indian IT specialists, need to be made more subtle," Clegg told a media briefing following his meeting with the visiting Indian minister yesterday.
"There are areas where we need to be sensible and pragmatic and also need to spell out loud and clear that some of the rhetoric around the debate on immigration in the UK giving rise to the fear that we are somehow closing our door to Indian students, investors and companies - that is emphatically not true," he added.
The two leaders covered a cross-section of issues during their bilateral talks, including the threat of terrorism and working together in the coming months in the run up to the Paris summit on climate change.
"I was very struck when I was in India, by Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi's personal commitment to sustainability and green development. I urge the Indian government to assume a natural leadership role at those crucial talks," Clegg said.
The issue of India's stance in the World Trade Organisation (WTO) talks also featured heavily, with the UK leader expressing confidence at some "movement" on the issue.
"We attach great importance to finding an amicable and sensible solution to India's support and ratification of the International Trade Facilitation Agreement, which is crucial for the long-term benefit for the world trade system and I think we are making progress in clarifying some of the crossed wires and legitimate concerns of the Indian government," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swachh Bharat: NTPC to build toilets under c...Government
(A list of identified toilets…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned power major NTPC has committed to build 8,152 toilets in government schools under Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cleanliness drive.
"Under 'Swachh Bharat-Swachh Vidyalaya Abhiyan' NTPC has committed to take up work for 8,152 toilets in government schools from the list available on Ministry of Human Resource and Development website," the company said in a statement.
A list of identified toilets spanning over 18 states and 57 districts has been given to the Ministry of Power for confirmation of allocation of these toilets to NTPC by HRD Ministry.
As per the call given by PM, Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal has given leadership to the companies under him to take special initiatives to participate in this scheme, the statement added.
A host of corporate houses have committed to construction of one lakh toilets in schools across the country under their CSR initiative. TCS, Toyota Kirloskar, Bharti Foundation and Ambuja Cements have already committed for the initiative.
PM on Independence Day had set a target of one year for construction of toilets, with separate washrooms for girls, in all government schools.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Celebrations in Chennai as Jayalalithaa back home after release from prisonFormer Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa arrived in Chennai on Saturday by a special aircraft on being released from the Bangalore jail after the Supreme Court granted her bail.
AIADMK cadres were jubilant and celebrated the release of Jayalalithaa, who spent 21 days in prison.
The moment Jayalalithaa emerged from the central jail compound in Bengaluru, formerly known as Bangalore, at 3.10pm, Tamil Nadu chief minister O Pannerselvam threw himself flat on the road in front of the main gate — face down, hands folded in prayer.
As many as 300 AIADMK ministers, MLAs and MPS who were standing behind Panneerselvam, took off their slippers and went down on all fours. Their spotless white shirts and lungis were smeared with mud and slush; it had rained heavily just a few minutes earlier.
Jayalalithaa's supporters celebrate her release in Bangalore on Saturday. (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
The only person, whose presence Jayalalithaa acknowledged before she zoomed off in her imported SUV, was Panneerselvam.
"For a moment, I thought he (Pannerselvam) slipped and fell. My first instinct was to pick him up but I quickly realised that he was paying his respects," said a lady Karnataka cadre IPS officer who was a witness to the scene.
From the jail, Jayalalithaa left in a cavalcade of around 30 vehicles toward the HAL airport where she took a flight to Chennai.
Moments after she left, her supporters broke the police cordon and approached the media flashing victory signs. In voices choking with emotion, they cried out in chorus: "Amma..Amma." The police chased them away with a mild baton charge.
Earlier, at noon, special court judge Michael Cunha, issued the release order after Jayalalithaa's legal team furnished two bonds of Rs. 1 crore each. Similar bonds were executed for the release of her other three associates: Sasikala Natarajan, V Sudhakaran and J Elavarisi.
Watch: Security tightened outside jail ahead of Jayalalitha's release
A special court September 27 convicted Jayalalithaa in a Rs. 66.65-crore disproportionate assets case and sentenced her to four years simple imprisonment, with a fine of Rs. 100 crore under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Her three associates -- Natarajan, Sudhakaran and Elavarisi, who were released along with her from the jail, accompanied her.
The trio was also granted bail by the apex court in the same graft case, in which they were also convicted and sentenced to four years jail term with a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.
— Vishakha Saxena (@saxenavishakha) October 18, 2014
"Jayalalithaa left the jail after completing the formalities. She is fine and in good health," Karnataka inspector general of Prisons (IGP) KV Gagandeep told IANS minutes after she walked free at 3.15pm and waved to the crowd at Parapanna Agrahara on Bangalore's outskirt.
A special court ordered Jayalalithaa's release after the Supreme Court Friday granted her an interim bail in the corruption case.
"The special court judge (John Michael D'Cunha) issued the order after Jayalalithaa's counsel furnished a bond of Rs. 2 crore and two sureties of assets were submitted by her known persons," Gagandeep said.
The two sureties of properties valued at Rs. 5 crore and Rs.1 crore were given by J Bharat and Gunajyothi, who are party cadres in the Chennai.
The release order was issued after Jayalalithaa's counsel submitted to the court a certified copy of the apex court order, suspending her four-year jail term and granting her an interim bail till December 18.
Hundreds of Jayalalithaa's ardent fans and frenzied supporters from Chennai and Hosur across the border lined up on both sides of the Bangalore thoroughfares and cheered her as her convoy sped away towards the airport.
Many AIADMK cadres danced, clapped and waived party flags, while others burst firecrackers at junctions en-route raising slogans in favour of their aamma' (mother) and denouncing at the same time DMK president M. Karunanidhi.
Ecstatic supporters welcomed Jayalalithaa in Chennai.
AIADMK cadres assembled in large numbers shouted 'Long Live Amma'.
Jayalalithaa drove straight to her residence in Poes Garden area. Party cadres - men and women - braving heavy rains were assembled outside her residence and the airport to have a glimpse of their leader.
Film starlet Vidya told Jaya TV that Amma is for Makkal and Makkal are for Amma (Amma is for people and people are for Amma) to sum up the general sentiments of the people. Shock, anger, sadness after Jayalalithaa was jailed gave way to unalloyed pleasure and happiness, that exploded into noisy celebrations.
Right from the morning, Poes Gardens was the scene of festivities and much slogan shouting for their supreme leader. “Puratchi thalaivi, vazhga vazhga” (revolutionary leader, zindabad zindabad) rent the air every time a camera focused on the crowds.
Manikandan S, a farmer and AIADMK worker from Cauvery region, said “she had done a lot for farmers. Her hardship is unbearable for us and we will do anything for her.”
Some 1,000 people crowded the airport arrival area and lined up on either side of the road for a darshan of Amma, who spent 21 days in Bangalore prison.
Thousands of people were out on the street, at airport, along the route and at her residence, braving the intermittent rain for better part of the day. Even Jayalalithaa’s convoy passed through water logged road near Kotturpuram, where it slowed down in front of a Vinayaka temple.
Jayalalithaa was seen bowing her head slightly and folded her hands in namaskaram (salutation) to the presiding diety of the temple – Lord Vinayak. She had prayed in the same temple before heading to Bangalore for judgement in the disproportionate assets case on September 27.
(With IANS inputs)

Gold price snaps 3-day winning streak  rises to Rs 27 700 per ten gramGold price snaps 3-day winning streak  rises to Rs 27 700 per ten gram
Jayalalithaa returns to ChennaiJayalalithaa returns to Chennai
Black money information will come out but after due process: JaitleyBlack money information will come out but after due process: Jaitley
Maharashtra votes to be counted SundayMaharashtra votes to be counted Sunday
Hong Kong government to open talks with democracy protesters on TuesdayHong Kong government to open talks with democracy protesters on Tuesday
India launches index to measure air qualityIndia launches index to measure air quality
What are the downsides of generous workplace...You are here: Home > Collections > Companies
What are the downsides of generous workplace perks?
New York Times Oct 18, 2014, 04.46PM IST
Tags:
(Extras often include paid…)
By Alina Tugend
For many employees these days, the only fringe benefits they can hope for are decent health care coverage and a working coffee machine. Others, however, enjoy free gourmet meals and snacks, on-site gyms and nutritionists, housecleaning and nap rooms.
Upping the ante in what has been called a perks arms race is unlimited vacation time for some employees from such companies as Virgin, Netflix and the Ladders, while Facebook this year said it would reimburse its female employees up to $20,000 for freezing their eggs. Apple plans to follow suit in January.
More typically, extras often include paid maternity and paternity leave, on-site child care, flexible work hours and 100 percent paid health benefits.
Most of these incentives exist in the tech world or fields where there's competition to attract certain skilled workers. Nonetheless, even in those industries, some say there is little evidence they motivate employees and they can serve the more nefarious purpose of making sure employees rarely leave the office.
"People in the rest of the country look at the Silicon Valley perks and think, 'What wonderful companies to work for,'" said Gerald Ledford, a senior research scientist at the Center for Effective Organizations at the University of Southern California's Marshall School of Business. The first thing to remember, though, he said, is "this is by far the most competitive job market in the country. It's an arms race to come up with the jazziest rewards."
Second, and more important, he said, "these benefits are not being offered out of largess. It's done because organizations want employees to work 24/7. If you never have to leave to get your dry cleaning, to go to the gym, to eat or even go to bed, you can work all the time. They're golden handcuffs."
And with some companies allowing employees to bring their pets to work or their families into the corporate cafeteria for dinner if work runs late, it's home that can seem like an unneeded extra.
Lotte Bailyn, a professor emeritus at the MIT Sloan School of Management, said that while some of the perks offered flexibility - paid leave and options to telecommute, for example - "it's important to differentiate between those policies that give people more control over what they do and those that allow people to work longer and longer on site."
One example, she said, is companies that provide care if a child is sick.
"Well, the last thing you want to do is have a stranger stay with a sick child," she said, but with that option, it is more difficult to request to stay home.
The same can be true of unlimited vacation time. It can be a good thing, by demonstrating that a company trusts its employees to make wise decisions. But "it all depends on the norms and expectations in the workforce," Bailyn said.
If taking off time is explicitly or implicitly frowned on, then people may use even less vacation time than under more formal policies, she said.
Even the newest benefit, reimbursement for egg freezing, has skeptics who say that while this could be a welcome choice for some women, it could also be seen as workplaces paying women to put off childbearing.
The companies, on the other hand, say the perks are all about making their employees lives easier and more in their control.
SAS, a software company that employs almost 7,000 people at its headquarters in Cary, North Carolina, was ranked No. 2 on Fortune's 2014 list of 100 Best Companies to Work For in the United States, right behind Google.
SAS offers free personal trainers at its on-site fitness center, an indoor pool, hair salon, free on-site health care and work-life counselors.
The benefits and culture as a whole help "minimize the stresses that affect employees every day," said Jenn Mann, an SAS spokeswoman. "We want employees to be there on the first day of school or take an aging parent to the doctor. Life happens. SAS, in turn, is committed to reducing stress and distraction so they can do their best work."
  But do all these perks do what they're supposed to - that is, attract, retain and motivate employees? Ledford said there wasn't much good research in the area, but that while such extras might attract and even help retain employees, it didn't show it motivates them.
In fact, he said, some research shows that highly competitive workers are more interested in the individual rewards they can receive for their performance than what goodies are available for everyone.
"Companies can be a lot smarter in how they spend benefit dollars," he said, particularly those, unlike most of the high-tech ones, that don't have very deep pockets.
For example, offering fresh fruit and healthier food for employees seems a sensible benefit, he said.
One growing trend, micro-markets in workplaces, is responding to that need. Set up similar to those kiosks or markets available at airports - except self-service - they are modular units that provide snacks, salads, sandwiches and drinks.

India s Missile programme for peace: DRDO chiefIndia s Missile programme for peace: DRDO chief
NSA terms attack against Northeasterners disgraceful  calls for change in mindset amongst peopleNSA terms attack against Northeasterners disgraceful  calls for change in mindset amongst people
Ultratech Cement s Q2 profit up 47% at Rs 416 crUltratech Cement s Q2 profit up 47% at Rs 416 cr
Govt delays decision on iron ore licence for Posco s $12 bn plantGovt delays decision on iron ore licence for Posco's $12 bn plant
Reuters | Bhubaneshwar Oct 18, 2014 10:07 AM IST
The government has again delayed a decision on permitting Posco to mine iron ore, seeking more clarifications from Odisha where the South Korean company has waited nine years to set up a $12 billion steel plant.
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said in January Posco's request for a mining licence - the final regulatory hurdle for the project which would be the biggest foreign direct investment in India - was at an "advanced stage of processing".
But nine months on, little progress has been made on the ground. The company has yet to start work on the planned 12-million-tonne-a-year plant due to stiff opposition to land acquisition and delays in securing permission to mine iron ore, a raw material for steel.
The federal Mines Ministry last week wrote to Odisha seeking clarity on how much of the mining land sought by Posco was notified as an iron ore bearing area where commercial mining was allowed. Mining in non-notified areas needs more approvals than in notified areas.
On Saturday, the Mine Ministry's website showed the status of Posco's request to explore iron ore over an area of 6828.54 hectares as "rejected/returned" as of Oct. 10.
"They have not completely rejected. Our proposal was for both notified and non-notified area together," Odisha's Mines Director Deepak Kumar Mohanty told Reuters late on Friday. "So they have again asked if you are willing to separate out because notified area consideration parameters are different."
Posco's India-based spokesman IG Lee could not immediately be reached for comment. Posco officials have said it was unlikely to build the plant without assured supply of iron ore.
In his push to revive manufacturing in the country, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has invited domestic and international companies to "Make in India". But one of his senior colleagues, Tribal Affairs Minister Jual Oram who hails from Odisha, has said he would continue his long-standing opposition to Posco's plant.

Arun Jaitley rejects charge of U-turn on black money; says govt won t be adventuristArun Jaitley
("The NDA government stands…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to clarify the NDA government's stand on the issue of black money, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday said, "The NDA government will not withhold any information, including names of account holders who have stashed black money abroad, from the public; but the names will be revealed after following the due process of completing investigations and reaching conclusions about quantum of unaccounted money."
"The NDA government stands committed to detect the names, prosecuting the guilty and making them public. We are not going to be pushed into an act of adventurism where we violate the treaties and then plead that we are no longer able to get the cooperation of reciprocating states," Jaitley wrote in his blog. "Such an approach may actually help the account holders. Adventurism will be short-sighted. A mature approach will take us to the root of the matter," he added.
"Any premature and out of court disclosure of the names of account holders would not only vitiate the investigations but will enable such account holders to get away with their offences. It will also violate India's Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements (DTAA) with other countries and will choke receipt of all further information from those countries," Jaitley went on to elaborate.
"All that the Government has requested the Supreme Court is to clarify that it has not prohibited the Government of India to enter into Treaties with countries wherein a commitment may be made by the Government to maintain confidentiality of information received as per international standards," he said. "If such a commitment to maintain the confidentiality is not given we will not receive any information about Indians hiding their money in other countries including offshore financial centres and tax havens. Thus the clarification sought from the Supreme Court is only to facilitate collection of information about illegal money stashed abroad," he added.
"On October 15, 2014, a team of officials led by Revenue Secretary and comprising of Chairman, CBDT has signed a Joint Statement with the appropriate authorities in Switzerland with regard to investigation into black money stacked in Swiss banks," Jaitley said. He went on to explain the four important aspects of that agreement which are:
(i) With regard to the list available with India of account holders in the HSBC , where Indian tax authorities have conducted independent investigations, the Swiss would provide India with details upon our furnishing of adequate evidence in this regard.
(ii) Whenever India has some information/ documentary evidence, the Swiss would confirm the authenticity or otherwise of that evidence.
(iii) This would be done in a time bound manner.
(iv) Discussion would now start on a bilateral agreement on automatic exchange of information in the banking system. If this bilateral arrangement is arrived at, it will be an important milestone in detection of black money held by Indians in the Swiss banks.
"Nobody has ever suggested that the names should not be made public. They should be made public in accordance with the existing due process of law," he reiterated.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US policeman involved in Ferguson shooting  feared for his lifeUS policeman involved in Ferguson shooting 'feared for his life'
AFP
New York, October 18, 2014
First Published: 14:51 IST(18/10/2014)
print
The police officer who shot dead Michael Brown in the US town of Ferguson says he was pinned in his vehicle and struggling over his gun with the black teenager, a news report said.
Brown's death two months ago sparked ongoing protests, some violent, in the town near St Louis and shone a spotlight on police tactics in the United States and relations between US law enforcement and African Americans.
A file photo of officer Darren Wilson who shot dead Michael Brown in Ferguson. (AP Photo)
The white policeman, Darren Wilson, has told investigators that he feared for his life, The New York Times reported on Saturday, citing government officials briefed on the federal civil rights investigation into the fatal shooting of Brown, 18.
During the scuffle, Brown reached for the officer's gun, according to Wilson. The weapon was fired twice in the car, FBI forensics tests have revealed.
The first bullet hit Brown in the arm and the second bullet missed. Wilson also told authorities that Brown had punched and scratched him repeatedly, the Times reported.
The first public account of Wilson's testimony to investigators does not explain why, after he emerged from his vehicle, he fired at Brown multiple times.
It also contradicts some witness accounts which said Brown appeared to be surrendering with his arms held aloft. Police officers typically have wide latitude to use lethal force if they reasonably believe that they are in imminent danger.
The federal investigation into the August 9 shooting continues.

Hate crimes against northeast people will not be tolerated: Home ministryComments
In the wake of the assault on two Naga youths in Gurgaon, minister of state for Home Kiren Rijiju Saturday met a group of students from the northeast and assured that "hate crimes will not be tolerated".
"The government believes India is a democratic nation and such hate crimes will not be tolerated. Our society must not be intolerant, we must exist harmoniously together," Rijiju said, adding the attack was "unacceptable".
He also said the government has decided to have a dedicated helpline and police force to deal with issues of students from the northeastern region.
Asked whether existing laws should be strengthened to prevent such racial attacks, Rijiju said, "Anti racial provisions are already there in the Indian Penal Code (IPC). We will look into strengthening it further."
The Lok Sabha MP from Arunachal Pradesh also said he had  spoken to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the national security advisor and decided to hold a high level meeting on the matter.
"What steps must be taken to avoid such incidents from taking place in future will be discussed," he said.
The minister met the group two days after two men from the Nagaland, both call centre workers, were beaten up and assaulted by a group of people Wednesday night in Sikanderpur area Of Gurgaon.
Aloto Chishi alias Sukoy and Awana alias James said the gang that attacked them shouted racial slurs at them.

Ask Matt: What s wrong with GoogleCREDIT: Phil Bray, 20th Century Fox
Q: What’s wrong with Google?
A: If you do an online search for a maturing Internet company, you see something like Google (GOOGL) . And now investors are trying to reassess how to value a once-hot online advertising company that’s maturing.
Shares of Google are down 7.1% this year. And with a market value of about $350 billion, Google is now worth less than its arch-rival Microsoft (MSFT) at roughly $360 billion. The company’s third-quarter earnings report was very telling. Revenue at this “high growth” company rose 10.9% during the quarter, which is the slowest rate of top-line growth since the third quarter of 2009, says S&P Capital IQ.  Likewise, the company’s adjusted net income rose just 10% for earnings per share of $6.35, missing estimates by 2.6%. Another problem is the fact that Google is getting less money from advertisers every time users click on the company’s ads. The average cost-per-click fell 4% for Google sites from the same period of 2013. That’s not a good trend.  The company is spending heavily on research in an effort to get growth going again.
While analysts have cut profit estimates, they still think the stock is worth waiting for. Analysts have an average 18-month price target of $649.87 on the stock, or 25% higher than the current price.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

No U-turn On Black Money  Insists JaitleyNo U-turn On Black Money  Insists Jaitley
LIC Housing Finance Q2 Rises 10% to Rs 341 CroreLIC Housing Finance Q2 Rises 10% to Rs 341 Crore
Global cues push markets down 0.71 percent in the weekly tradeGlobal cues push markets down 0.71 percent in the weekly trade
Pakistan occupied Kashmir refugees in India welcome financial helpPakistan occupied Kashmir refugees in India welcome financial help
If short of majority  BJP should support Sena: RautComments
On the eve of assembly election results, Shiv Sena on Saturday exuded confidence that the party will get majority on its own in Maharashtra to form the government headed by Uddhav Thackeray and hoped its long-time ally BJP will extend support in case it falls short of numbers.
A family shows their ink stained fingers after casting their votes for Maharashtra assembly polls at Bandra in Mumbai. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
After breaking its 25-year-old alliance with BJP ahead of the assembly polls over seat-sharing, the Sena hoped its ties with its former ally will be as they were in the past and it will continue to be part of the NDA headed by BJP.
"We feel confident that we will get a majority on our own in Maharashtra. This time there will be a Shiv Sena government in the state with Uddhav Thackeray as chief minister," Shiv Sena spokesperson Sanjay Raut told PTI.
Asked whether the Sena will mend its ties with BJP after the poll results, he said, "All will be clear after the results tomorrow (Sunday)."
He said Sena and BJP had shared good ideological ties for the past 25 years and "Shiv Sena is part of the NDA headed by BJP at the Centre and will continue to be so".
Asked whether the Sena will seek BJP's support in case it falls short of an absolute majority in Maharashtra, Raut said "for the sake of Maharashtra" BJP should extend its support".
"We have shared very good ties with BJP for past 25 years as the two have been together for ideological reasons and not for power. Sena will continue to share good ties in future too," he said, adding that with the breaking of the alliance "hearts were broken".
Meanwhile, Raut told NDTV, "We have many political parties with whom our thoughts do not match in Maharashtra. In the interest of the state, in the interest of Maharashtra, if they (BJP) want to give us support and move together to take the state forward, they should."

Bihar is again heading towards  jungle raj : RudyBihar is again heading towards  jungle raj : Rudy
Jaya walks out of prison  lands in chennai to grand homecomingJaya walks out of prison  lands in chennai to grand homecoming
Government will not tolerate hate crimes Rijiju announces helpline for northeast peopleGovernment will not tolerate hate crimes Rijiju announces helpline for northeast people
Dalal St may see big move if BJP wins Maharashtra: Experts“Markets would give a thumbs-up if the BJP were to win in Maha and Haryana as it would add heft to the already formidable political weight of the PM.”
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Results of the recently held assembly elections in the states of Maharashtra and Haryana will be a litmus test for the popularity of Prime Minister Narendra Modi after a phenomenal victory in the general elections.
The results will also be crucial for the BJP as they will help the party be less dependent on regional parties to push through important reforms bills.
While BJP has an outright majority in the Lok Sabha, it does not have required numbers in the Rajya Sabha. Maharashtra and Haryana together account for 19 and 5 seats respectively in the Rajya Sabha.
All the major exit polls are indicating that BJP will emerge as the single largest party in both the states.
"The markets would give a thumbs-up if the BJP were to win a decisive victory in the Maharashtra and Haryana State assembly polls as it would add heft to the already formidable political weight of the Prime Minister," said Ajay Bodke, Head- Investment Strategy & Advisory, Prabhudas Lilladher.
"Markets hope that this strengthening of his hand would embolden Mr. Modi to roll-out aggressive reforms that had enthused global & domestic investors into driving up the Indian equity market to dizzying heights this calendar year," Bodke added.
A lot of reforms such as GST, de-nationalization of coal, increase in FDI cap in Insurance , diluting Land Acquisition Bill, increasing flexibility in stifling labour laws etc, await clearance from the upper house.
"Maharashtra is one of India's leading industrial states and contributes around 13 per cent to India's industrial output. It is a major hub for FDI investments and stock markets are expected to react to the election outcome," said Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities.
"Decisions related to goods and services taxes which face strong opposition from some states would ease out and some boost could be seen. Issues concerned with reduction in price control in diesel could be seen gaining more attention," he added.
According to a Nomura report, the best case in these state elections is for the BJP to get an outright majority, which will improve centre-state co-ordination and consolidate the BJP's position in the Rajya Sabha.
"The worst case is a hung assembly, which would result in re-elections, increased uncertainty and raise doubts about the BJP?s ability to carry forward legislative reforms," said Nomura in its report.
"If the opinion polls are correct, then the BJP will need a coalition partner to form the government, which is marginally better for reforms (more seats in the Rajya Sabha and more BJP-ruled states), but there is much uncertainty, especially surrounding Maharashtra," the report added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Resolution of Kashmir issue vital for peace: Pakistan army chiefComments
Pakistan's powerful Army Chief General Raheel Sharif on Saturday said that the resolution of Kashmir issue was imperative for establishment of sustainable peace in the region.
Addressing a passing-out parade at Military Academy in Kakul, General Sharif said that the people of Kashmir should be allowed to decide their fate in the light of UN resolutions.
He said Pakistan and its people desire regional stability and relationship based on equality and mutual respect.
"We persistently seek peace in the region and beyond. This quest for peace is our nation's greatest strength. We desire regional stability and relationship based on equality and mutual respect," he said.
The army chief said Pakistan's armed forces were fully capable of meeting any external threat. He said that any aggression against Pakistan will get a "befitting response."
General Sharif said the military operation in North Waziristan was successfully going on and it would continue till militancy is completely smashed.
He said the objective of the armed forces is to establish peace in the country and they have already destroyed the organised network of terrorists which was based in North Waziristan.

Out of jail  Jayalalithaa arrives to rousing welcome in Chennai amid  Amma  Amma  chantsFormer Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa arrived in Chennai on Saturday by a special aircraft on being released from the Bangalore jail after the Supreme Court granted her bail.
AIADMK cadres were jubilant and celebrated the release of Jayalalithaa, who spent 21 days in prison.
The moment Jayalalithaa emerged from the central jail compound in Bengaluru, formerly known as Bangalore, at 3.10pm, Tamil Nadu chief minister O Pannerselvam threw himself flat on the road in front of the main gate — face down, hands folded in prayer.
As many as 300 AIADMK ministers, MLAs and MPS who were standing behind Panneerselvam, took off their slippers and went down on all fours. Their spotless white shirts and lungis were smeared with mud and slush; it had rained heavily just a few minutes earlier.
Jayalalithaa's supporters celebrate her release in Bangalore on Saturday. (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
The only person, whose presence Jayalalithaa acknowledged before she zoomed off in her imported SUV, was Panneerselvam.
"For a moment, I thought he (Pannerselvam) slipped and fell. My first instinct was to pick him up but I quickly realised that he was paying his respects," said a lady Karnataka cadre IPS officer who was a witness to the scene.
From the jail, Jayalalithaa left in a cavalcade of around 30 vehicles toward the HAL airport where she took a flight to Chennai.
Moments after she left, her supporters broke the police cordon and approached the media flashing victory signs. In voices choking with emotion, they cried out in chorus: "Amma..Amma." The police chased them away with a mild baton charge.
Earlier, at noon, special court judge Michael Cunha, issued the release order after Jayalalithaa's legal team furnished two bonds of Rs. 1 crore each. Similar bonds were executed for the release of her other three associates: Sasikala Natarajan, V Sudhakaran and J Elavarisi.
Watch: Security tightened outside jail ahead of Jayalalitha's release
A special court September 27 convicted Jayalalithaa in a Rs. 66.65-crore disproportionate assets case and sentenced her to four years simple imprisonment, with a fine of Rs. 100 crore under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Her three associates -- Natarajan, Sudhakaran and Elavarisi, who were released along with her from the jail, accompanied her.
The trio was also granted bail by the apex court in the same graft case, in which they were also convicted and sentenced to four years jail term with a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.
— Vishakha Saxena (@saxenavishakha) October 18, 2014
"Jayalalithaa left the jail after completing the formalities. She is fine and in good health," Karnataka inspector general of Prisons (IGP) KV Gagandeep told IANS minutes after she walked free at 3.15pm and waved to the crowd at Parapanna Agrahara on Bangalore's outskirt.
A special court ordered Jayalalithaa's release after the Supreme Court Friday granted her an interim bail in the corruption case.
"The special court judge (John Michael D'Cunha) issued the order after Jayalalithaa's counsel furnished a bond of Rs. 2 crore and two sureties of assets were submitted by her known persons," Gagandeep said.
The two sureties of properties valued at Rs. 5 crore and Rs.1 crore were given by J Bharat and Gunajyothi, who are party cadres in the Chennai.
The release order was issued after Jayalalithaa's counsel submitted to the court a certified copy of the apex court order, suspending her four-year jail term and granting her an interim bail till December 18.
Hundreds of Jayalalithaa's ardent fans and frenzied supporters from Chennai and Hosur across the border lined up on both sides of the Bangalore thoroughfares and cheered her as her convoy sped away towards the airport.
Many AIADMK cadres danced, clapped and waived party flags, while others burst firecrackers at junctions en-route raising slogans in favour of their aamma' (mother) and denouncing at the same time DMK president M. Karunanidhi.
Ecstatic supporters welcomed Jayalalithaa in Chennai.
AIADMK cadres assembled in large numbers shouted 'Long Live Amma'.
Jayalalithaa drove straight to her residence in Poes Garden area. Party cadres - men and women - braving heavy rains were assembled outside her residence and the airport to have a glimpse of their leader.
Film starlet Vidya told Jaya TV that Amma is for Makkal and Makkal are for Amma (Amma is for people and people are for Amma) to sum up the general sentiments of the people. Shock, anger, sadness after Jayalalithaa was jailed gave way to unalloyed pleasure and happiness, that exploded into noisy celebrations.
Right from the morning, Poes Gardens was the scene of festivities and much slogan shouting for their supreme leader. “Puratchi thalaivi, vazhga vazhga” (revolutionary leader, zindabad zindabad) rent the air every time a camera focused on the crowds.
Manikandan S, a farmer and AIADMK worker from Cauvery region, said “she had done a lot for farmers. Her hardship is unbearable for us and we will do anything for her.”
Some 1,000 people crowded the airport arrival area and lined up on either side of the road for a darshan of Amma, who spent 21 days in Bangalore prison.
Thousands of people were out on the street, at airport, along the route and at her residence, braving the intermittent rain for better part of the day. Even Jayalalithaa’s convoy passed through water logged road near Kotturpuram, where it slowed down in front of a Vinayaka temple.
Jayalalithaa was seen bowing her head slightly and folded her hands in namaskaram (salutation) to the presiding diety of the temple – Lord Vinayak. She had prayed in the same temple before heading to Bangalore for judgement in the disproportionate assets case on September 27.
(With IANS inputs)

Share & Asmitha submit business revamp plan to bankersShare & Asmitha submit business revamp plan to bankers
Namrata Acharya | Kolkata Oct 18, 2014 04:22 PM IST
Andhra Pradesh-based microfinance institutions, Share and Asmitha, have chalked out a reorganization plan for their businesses.
Both the MFIs, currently under the corporate debt restructuring (CDR) cell, have submitted the plans to their bankers for approval. Under the plan, the non-Andhra Pradesh portfolio of both the MFIs is expected to be demerged, and consolidated into one. The Andhra Pradesh portfolio of the two would be retained for recovery of dues in the state, but the arms would not be involved in any lending activity.
The two MFIs have been able to get two years' additional time from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for meeting regulatory capital requirements for qualifying as non-banking finance company (NBFC)-MFIs.
This apart, the existing lenders to the MFI have agreed to provide Share an additional funding of Rs 360 crore, and Rs 270 crore to Asmitha.
In April-2014, the MFIs got RBI nod for forbearance on capitalisation requirements of net owned funds and capital to risk asset ratio (CRAR) till financial year 2016.
After loan restructuring for the first time in September 2011, the MFIs had sought approval for a second round of debt restructuring. The plea was rejected by the RBI. The fresh lending by banks and the RBI forbearance comes as an alternative to the second debt restructuring plans.
According to RBI norms, an NBFC-MFI is required to maintain minimum net owned funds of Rs 5 crore, except for those based in the North East, and a CRAR of 15%. For most of the MFIs in Andhra Pradesh, the net owned funds is negative, at present.
At present, both the MFIs have nearly 60 per cent of their total portfolio concentrated in Andhra Pradesh. While Share has a portfolio outstanding of nearly Rs 1800 crore, Asmitha has a portfolio outstanding of Rs 900 crore.
In 2011, banks restructured about Rs.6,000 crore worth of loans to several Andhra Pradesh-based MFIs, while continuing to treat it as standard assets repayable over seven years.
For Share and Asmitha, the loans have to be repaid in two years at 13% rate of interest, informed the spokesperson of Share.
 

Bulk drug makers eye 20% growth this year  bet on niche productsBulk drug makers eye 20% growth this year, bet on niche products
Sohini Das | Ahmedabad Oct 18, 2014 04:44 PM IST
While price control might have affected the revenues of formulation makers in the country, bulk drug makers, however, have a reason to cheer, as the industry expects 15-20 per cent growth during the fiscal.
Most major active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) manufacturers in India have seen good growth in exports to the regulated markets, in turn boosting their margins. Add to this, imports from China are on the decline, point out industry insiders, thus enabling the small and medium manufacturers to have better realisations in the domestic market as well.
The industry size is expected to be around Rs 12,000-15,000 crore. According to Jayant Tagore, president of the Bulk Drug Manufacturers Association (BDMA) said that overall the bulk drug industry has done well this fiscal, especially on the back of the good growth in the exports markets.
"As such an average growth of 15-20 per cent is expected in the bulk drug industry this year. Indian manufacturers are already present in most regulated markets, however, many have managed to either enter new markets, or have focussed on high-end and niche APIs to drive growth," he said. His own firm Synthokem Labs, which makes APIs and intermediates, is expecting to clock a 25 per cent growth this year.
As Ranjit Kapadia, analyst with Centrum Broking pointed out, "Domestic companies have managed to establish their expertise in niche areas like cardiology, anti-infective, anti-baterial, CNS in the export market, and we expect a 50 to 100 basis points improvement in margins of major bulk drug players in India this fiscal."
One of the leading bulk drug players in the country, Dishman Pharmceuticals and Chemicals Ltd, which has started production at its high-potency oncology unit at Bavla last year, expects to achieve a topline of $25-30 million from this unit alone in the next two to three years.
A senior official in Dishman explained, "Approvals in regulated markets take time, however, once they are in, the prospects are extremely good. Nearly 90-95 per cent of our export turnover comes from regulated markets."
For that matter, Dishman is focussing mainly on exports rather than the domestic market which is extremely price sensitive.
As Tagore says the domestic market is extremely price sensitive, but, companies have had a chance to improve their realisations from the overseas markets.
Industry insiders also point out that there is an emerging trend of Chinese imports declining gradually. Nearly, 50 per cent or more of India's bulk drug requirements are imported from China, mainly fermentation products, vitamins etc.
Tagore claims that off late China has increased focus on environmental regulations, and reduced subsidising its domestic industry, thus making Chinese bulk drugs not so price competitive now. This gives an advantage to several small and medium manufacturers. 

Andhra Bank targets Rs 3 L-cr biz by Mar 15Andhra Bank targets Rs 3 lakh crore business by Mar'15
PTI Oct 18, 2014, 06.23PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Bank
(The public sector Andhra Bank…)
KOCHI: The public sector Andhra Bank is targetting a business of over Rs 3 lakh crore by March 2015 and will be opening 400 more branches by then to take its total branch strength to 2,500.
"The bank presently has a business volume of Rs 2.66 lakh crore and is planning to cross Rs 3 lakh crore by March 2015," S K Kalra, Executive Director, told reporters here. This would help it to shift from the mid category to a large category bank, he said.
The bank at present has 2,100 branches pan India and would be opening at least 400 more branches by march next, he said.
Andhra Bank today opened its new Zonal office here and a new branch with On site ATM at nearby Kadavanthra.
This would help it to achieve its target of Rs 2,000 crore business in Kerala this fiscal. There are also plans to open six more branches in Ernakulam district within the next couple of months and another 10 more branches in the other districts of the state, thus taking branch strength in Kerala to 42 by the end of this fiscal.
To cater to the new generation tech savvy customers, the bank has launched the 'Navshakti' initiative whereby customers can be served 24x7 and 365 days of the year.
As part of the initiative, a customer lobby catering to e-banking with the provision of e-machines like Bulk Note Acceptor, Passbook Printer, Net Banking Kiosk, Cheque deposit machines besides the ATM machine is provided in the Navshakti e-banking centre. There are presently 300 such centres in the country.
As a banking role model for women empowerment about 40 per cent of the branches are headed by lady managers. The bank has also actively participated in the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana by opening over 250 accounts per branch, he said.
The bank's focus in Kerala will be on gold loan, MSME, Tourism and Real estate.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pak must mend its ways if it wants to coexist with its neighbors: BJPPak must mend its ways if it wants to coexist with its neighbors: BJP
Persistent Systems quarterly net up 17% at Rs 71 crPersistent Systems quarterly net up 17% at Rs 71 cr
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 18, 2014 06:40 PM IST
Software products firm Persistent Systems today reported 17 per cent growth in consolidated net profit at Rs 71.32 crore for the quarter ended September 30.
The Pune-headquartered firm had posted a net profit of Rs 60.79 crore in the year ago period, it said in a statement.
Consolidated total income of the firm rose 7 per cent to Rs 464.17 crore in the July-September quarter of this fiscal from Rs 432.37 crore in the same quarter of 2013-14 fiscal.
Commenting on the performance, Persistent Systems, Chairman and Managing Director, Anand Deshpande, said: "Enterprise digital transformation represents both an urgent imperative and a great opportunity for our customers. We continue to strengthen our partner ecosystem spanning an array of platforms and technologies to drive this digital transformation."
These include many of the established industry leaders as well as new companies developing visionary and disruptive solutions, he added.
"How enterprises transform into software-driven businesses is fundamentally different in objective, approach, and speed from IT modernisation and outsourcing. Our DNA of building software products and our investments in building frameworks for digital transformation positions us strongly for this opportunity," Deshpande said.
During the second quarter, Persistent made a strategic investment in Pune-based Internet of Things (IoT) start-up Altizon Systems and launched a Center of Excellence for Appian Platform in Columbus, Ohio (US).

Fine companies that mined illegally in Odisha: SC panelFine companies that mined illegally in Odisha: SC panel
Diesel de-regulated  prices cut by Rs 3.37 a litreCentre fires up growth, deregulates diesel price
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 18, 2014
First Published: 19:34 IST(18/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:38 IST(19/10/2014)
The Modi government unveiled its biggest reform so far on Saturday, aligning diesel prices with international crude oil costs, a move that will make the key fuel cheaper by Rs. 3.37 a litre and help control inflation.
People agree that market-determined diesel prices free of administrative control would cut subsidies.
The bold decision was aided by a fall in global oil prices to near four-year lows, making for the first domestic diesel price cut since January 2009.
Diesel is the fuel most used in the road transport of goods across the length and breadth of India. Ideally, lower freight costs would push food prices down, creating the space for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut interest rates, making home loans cheaper  and sparking an economic revival.
Read: Govt raises natural gas price to $5.61/unit
“Henceforth, like petrol, pricing of diesel will be market determined,” Finance minister Arun Jaitley said after a cabinet meeting. Like petrol, diesel prices will change every fortnight.
The government also decided to re-launch the direct benefit transfer scheme for cooking gas and link it with the new bank accounts opened under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
Jaitley said that the programme would be implemented “in a mission mode” between November 10 and January 1, 2015 and that those who lacked bank accounts would continue to receive subsidised LPG gas cylinders.
In Delhi price of diesel expected to go down by Rs. 3.37 effective midnight tonight: Arun Jaitley pic.twitter.com/BxtxZQ7iZh
— ANI (@ANI_news) October 18, 2014
“Hon’ble PM launched bigticket reforms today;lucky that major reforms began with PNG sector;interest of poor & common men was central in them,” Dharmendra Pradhan, Petroleum minister, tweeted.
Diesel prices were raised by 50 paisa on September 1 and cumulatively risen by Rs. 11.81 per litre in 19 instalments since January 2013.
A cut in these prices leads to a lower subsidy bill and will eventually help the government cut taxes on petro products. This, in turn, will help cushion the shocks when global crude prices rise. India imports two-thirds of its energy needs.
Inflation is already falling.  Wholesale inflation rate plunged to 2.38% in September, the lowest in five years, while retail inflation fell to 6.46%, the lowest since 2012, aided by a sharp drop in vegetable and petrol prices.
Read: Diesel price deregulated: 6 key things you want to know
Market-determined diesel prices could also prompt more companies to take up  fuel retailing. It will also help contain the fiscal deficit --— a measure of the amount the government borrows to fund its expenses—at the budgeted level of 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan recently called on the government to “seize this moment”, while inflation is the lowest in five years and refiners are selling at a profit for the first time ever.
“This was long overdue," said Chandrajit Banerjee, director general of the Confederation of Indian Industry.
Petrol and diesel prices were first deregulated in April 2002 when the AB Vajpayee-led NDA government was in power. State price controls, however, made a back-door entry in 2004 when global crude prices started inching up.
In June 2010 the UPA government freed petrol prices and in January 2013 the UPA government decided to deregulate diesel prices in a staggered manner by raising its prices by 50 paise a litre.
    

No more government bungalows for memorialsNo more government bungalows for memorials
Governor  Nita Ambani launch cleanliness drive in MumbaiGovernor  Nita Ambani launch cleanliness drive in Mumbai
Government Delays Decision on Iron Ore Licence for POSCO s PlantGovernment Delays Decision on Iron Ore Licence for POSCO s Plant
Sensex can rally over 10% in the run-up to Diwali: Karvybeneficiary
(Sensex earnings growth…)
NEW DELHI: Although the month of October was so far marred with volatility with a near 2 per cent cut seen in the BSE Sensex, but analysts are confident that the long-term uptrend remains intact and the index can rally another 12 per cent by this Diwali 2014.
Sensex earnings growth has improved from 5 per cent in FY13 to about 10 per cent in FY14 on the back of INR depreciation , says Varun Goel, Head PMS, Karvy.
"We arrive at a Sensex target of 29,300 based on 16 times FY16 earnings by Diwali and would be buyers at every dip. We maintain our year 2020 target of 100,000 on Sensex," he added.
For FY15, Goel expects a Sensex EPS growth around 15 per cent. He expects earnings growth to accelerate once investment activity is revived and average at 20-25% for the next several years.
The valuation in several sectors like public sector banks, capital goods and Infrastructure are extremely subdued, and we would expect significant outperformance from these sectors in the next few quarters.
There are clear signs that Indian economy has turned the corner and corporate earnings growth has started to recover since the last quarter. GDP growth for Q1 FY15 has come in at 5.7 per cent surpassing consensus expectations.
Growth had stagnated at 4.5-5 per cent for last eight quarters pulled down by poor performance of industrial sectors. The strong rebound last quarter has been led by manufacturing and export sectors.
Investment activity is expected to revive soon. With people getting more confident about their future economic prospects, consumption spends will start moving up again.
Continued recovery in US & a stable Euro area are significant positives for Indian equity markets. Global growth outlook remains supportive of equity investments.
US Federal Reserve has reiterated its accommodative stance in the recent Jackson Hole meeting. The brokerage firm expects US interest rates to remain unchanged till the middle of 2015.
However, any unexpected tightening of US monetary policy will be negative for global equity markets. European central bank has carried out a fresh monetary stimulus by bringing deposit rates into negative territory.
European economies continue to show weakness and the current round of stimulus should help stabilize European economy.
The revival in global risk appetite has resulted in fresh FII inflows into emerging market equities with India turning out to be a big beneficiary .
India has been one of the top performing equity markets since January this year with fresh equity inflows of 12.5 billion dollars. Karvy expects the remaining months of this fiscal to witness similar amount of inflows.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Can expect big move on D-Street if BJP wins Maharashtra polls: ExpertsAsembly polls
(“Markets would give a…)
MUMBAI: Results of the recently held assembly elections in the states of Maharashtra and Haryana will be a litmus test for the popularity of Prime Minister Narendra Modi after a phenomenal victory in the general elections.
The results will also be crucial for the BJP as they will help the party be less dependent on regional parties to push through important reforms bills.
While BJP has an outright majority in the Lok Sabha, it does not have required numbers in the Rajya Sabha. Maharashtra and Haryana together account for 19 and 5 seats respectively in the Rajya Sabha.
All the major exit polls are indicating that BJP will emerge as the single largest party in both the states.
"The markets would give a thumbs-up if the BJP were to win a decisive victory in the Maharashtra and Haryana State assembly polls as it would add heft to the already formidable political weight of the Prime Minister," said Ajay Bodke, Head- Investment Strategy & Advisory, Prabhudas Lilladher.
"Markets hope that this strengthening of his hand would embolden Mr. Modi to roll-out aggressive reforms that had enthused global & domestic investors into driving up the Indian equity market to dizzying heights this calendar year," Bodke added.
A lot of reforms such as GST, de-nationalization of coal, increase in FDI cap in Insurance , diluting Land Acquisition Bill, increasing flexibility in stifling labour laws etc, await clearance from the upper house.
"Maharashtra is one of India's leading industrial states and contributes around 13 per cent to India's industrial output. It is a major hub for FDI investments and stock markets are expected to react to the election outcome," said Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities.
"Decisions related to goods and services taxes which face strong opposition from some states would ease out and some boost could be seen. Issues concerned with reduction in price control in diesel could be seen gaining more attention," he added.
According to a Nomura report, the best case in these state elections is for the BJP to get an outright majority, which will improve centre-state co-ordination and consolidate the BJP's position in the Rajya Sabha.
"The worst case is a hung assembly, which would result in re-elections, increased uncertainty and raise doubts about the BJP?s ability to carry forward legislative reforms," said Nomura in its report.
"If the opinion polls are correct, then the BJP will need a coalition partner to form the government, which is marginally better for reforms (more seats in the Rajya Sabha and more BJP-ruled states), but there is much uncertainty, especially surrounding Maharashtra," the report added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Despite Chinese concern  India to go ahead with construction of highway in ArunachalDespite Chinese concern, India to go ahead with its plan of construction of frontier highway in Arunachal Pradesh
Bikash Singh, ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 04.45PM IST
Tags:
Assam
GUWAHATI: With China expressing concern over India's plan to construct frontier highway along the McMohan line in Arunachal Pradesh, Union minister of state for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju said that the India has all the right to create critical infrastructure in its area.
The minister also informed that government will relax rules in the restricted area permit (RAP) for encouraging tourism in different pockets of Northeast India.
Rijiju who was in Guwahati to participate in a programme of PHD chamber of commerce said, "We are at freedom to construct highway in our territory. We are not harming neighbours interest. We have to develop our territories, especially those areas which are neglected for too long time. We are going to develop our own region."
India plans to construct roads linking Mago-Thingbu in Tawang to Vijaynagar in Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh. The 2,000-km long road is expected t cost Rs 40,000 crore. India plans frontier highway in its border. Northeast India shares border with China, Bangladesh, Bhutan and Myanmar.
The minister said, "We are not venturing into others territory. Its is our domain. Other countries should not have any objection when we are not doing anything harmful to them," Rijiju said.
He continued, "We are not doing anything which is adverse to the interest of our neighbours. Whatever is being done, it is for our own people and for the connectivity of our own people living in border areas."
China sharply reacted to India's plans to construct a road network along the McMohan line inArunachal Pradesh and expressed hope that India will not take any action which may complicate the situation before a final settlement is reached to end the boundary dispute.
The MHA will relax the Restricted area permit for some pockets in Northeast India which required by foreigners to visit certain parts of North East. "We have decided to relax the norms of Protected Area Permit. I have discussed it with my senior ministers,. The foreign affairs department of his ministry is working on it."
"Relaxation of visa, permission to travel from one place to another in North East and any other issues, you will get all support from us to promote tourism in the region. However, the relaxation will not be a blanket one for the entire region."
He added that "North East has the highest numbers of insurgents, student groups and autonomous state demands in the world. Demanding is not their problem, its their right. We have to admit that we have faltered. Governments in region have to realise that they have failed.
On the arrest of six operative of Jamaat- ul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) Assam in connection the explosion on October 2 in a house at Khagragarh in Burdwan town in West Bengal, he said he will not say anything as the matter is under investigation.
Rijiju said "any place, any fundamental activities to the extreme are disturbing. We have to contain that kind of forces anywhere in the country. We are checking everything and we are ensuring that it does not go beyond a point... There are reports and we are very careful now."
The minister also pointed out that he is not in favour of against of big dams in North East and favoured smaller ones with 300-500 MW capacities. "Traditionally I am not for big hydro power projects in North East. I am not in favour of 4,000 MW or 5,000 MW projects. I am fine if one or two big projects of 3000 MW or 4000 MW come up in the region with consultations with the public.
He said that NHPC has lost Rs 7,000 crore due to delay in the commissioning of 2000 MW Lower Subansari project along Assam-Arunachal Pradesh border. Work in the project site has come to a halt since last two years after anti dam protest. He explained that if a country's Mini-Ratna category PSU like NHPC is facing a situation like this, then it is a very serious issue.
Union minister of State for Home said the Centre will look into the issue of NGOs getting foreign money and creating obstruction in construction of the project. Power ministry is talking to different groups.
He said government in Arunachal Pradesh has messed up the power. "One should not call Arunachal Pradesh power house as there is not enough power there and state has to purchase from Assam to meet its electricity demand. I met the chief minister, Nabam Tuki requested to expedite power projects and not to just have MOUs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Visa regime: UK Dy PM suggests softening certain rules for Indian IT specialistsIndian Government
(Britain's Deputy PM, Nick…)
LONDON: Britain's Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg , has assured visiting External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj of a more pragmatic visa regime during a "very productive meeting" here.
The senior Liberal Democrat leader indicated a review of rules around ICT (inter-company transfer) visas used largely by Indian IT professionals.
"We constantly need to ask ourselves whether we have got the visa rules right and whether we can improve them further. I think some of the rules around inter-company transfer visas, which affect for instance Indian IT specialists, need to be made more subtle," Clegg told a media briefing following his meeting with the visiting Indian minister yesterday.
"There are areas where we need to be sensible and pragmatic and also need to spell out loud and clear that some of the rhetoric around the debate on immigration in the UK giving rise to the fear that we are somehow closing our door to Indian students, investors and companies - that is emphatically not true," he added.
The two leaders covered a cross-section of issues during their bilateral talks, including the threat of terrorism and working together in the coming months in the run up to the Paris summit on climate change.
"I was very struck when I was in India, by Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi's personal commitment to sustainability and green development. I urge the Indian government to assume a natural leadership role at those crucial talks," Clegg said.
The issue of India's stance in the World Trade Organisation (WTO) talks also featured heavily, with the UK leader expressing confidence at some "movement" on the issue.
"We attach great importance to finding an amicable and sensible solution to India's support and ratification of the International Trade Facilitation Agreement, which is crucial for the long-term benefit for the world trade system and I think we are making progress in clarifying some of the crossed wires and legitimate concerns of the Indian government," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP should support Sena if it s short of majority: Sena leader Sanjay RautComments
On the eve of assembly election results, Shiv Sena on Saturday exuded confidence that the party will get majority on its own in Maharashtra to form the government headed by Uddhav Thackeray and hoped its long-time ally BJP will extend support in case it falls short of numbers.
A family shows their ink stained fingers after casting their votes for Maharashtra assembly polls at Bandra in Mumbai. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
After breaking its 25-year-old alliance with BJP ahead of the assembly polls over seat-sharing, the Sena hoped its ties with its former ally will be as they were in the past and it will continue to be part of the NDA headed by BJP.
"We feel confident that we will get a majority on our own in Maharashtra. This time there will be a Shiv Sena government in the state with Uddhav Thackeray as chief minister," Shiv Sena spokesperson Sanjay Raut told PTI.
Asked whether the Sena will mend its ties with BJP after the poll results, he said, "All will be clear after the results tomorrow (Sunday)."
He said Sena and BJP had shared good ideological ties for the past 25 years and "Shiv Sena is part of the NDA headed by BJP at the Centre and will continue to be so".
Asked whether the Sena will seek BJP's support in case it falls short of an absolute majority in Maharashtra, Raut said "for the sake of Maharashtra" BJP should extend its support".
"We have shared very good ties with BJP for past 25 years as the two have been together for ideological reasons and not for power. Sena will continue to share good ties in future too," he said, adding that with the breaking of the alliance "hearts were broken".
Meanwhile, Raut told NDTV, "We have many political parties with whom our thoughts do not match in Maharashtra. In the interest of the state, in the interest of Maharashtra, if they (BJP) want to give us support and move together to take the state forward, they should."

Flipkart leases office at an annual rent of ...Flipkart closes India’s largest ever office leasing deal, signs up for a 3 million sq ft campus
Ravi Teja Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 18, 2014, 08.56PM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(The lease contract is part…)
NEW DELHI: Flipkart has closed India's largest office space leasing deal by signing up for a 3 million sq ft custom built campus in Bangalore with local builder Embassy group.
The first phase of the new campus for Flipkart, which recently raised $1 billion in fresh funding, will be delivered by Embassy by early next year as an incubation facility for over 2,400 seats. The first campus at Embassy Tech Village on the Outer Ring Road in Bangalore will be delivered in January 2017 as a plug and play office.
One million sq ft of office space seats between 10,000-12,000 people.
An Embassy official confirmed the deal. Flipkart could not be reached for a comment. Juggy Marwaha, managing director, south India for JLL, which was the advisor to the transaction also confirmed the deal.
"In a process that took over one year of stringent due diligence and shortlisting of options, JLL aligned the rapid business growth of Flipkart alongside the diminishing supply position of Bangalore and yet managed to have a win-win deal for both Embassy and Flipkart," Marwaha said.
As the economy starts to improve, top Indian cities are starting to see an uptick in demand for office space. The deal activity has picked up and there are many large corporations are looking at leasing over 1 million sq ft of space. In one such deal, Deloitte is looking for 1.4 million sq ft of office space in Hyderabad for its BPO business.
While Tata Consultancy Services recently took up just under a million sq ft of space split between Noida and Gurgaon in the National Capital Region. Others looking to lease office space include management consulting firm Accenture, which is scouting for a million sq ft of office space in Bangalore. American financial services firm Wells Fargo is looking to lease 1.2 million sq ft in the city.
Till a few months back, companies in India were still unsure about growth and political uncertainty did not help. Now, with a strong government at the centre and some new policy measures, companies have felt emboldened to go ahead with their plans, which is getting reflected in the demand for office space.
According to property advisory firm CBRE, the September quarter saw strong demand for prime office space with around 8 million sq ft of office space getting absorbed, which is 31% higher compared to a year ago.
"The demand for office space has improved this year, due to the improving economic situation globally and in India. With expected increase in the Indian GDP, the commercial real estate market will witness more activity in the coming months," said Anshuman Magazine, chairman and managing director of CBRE South Asia.
Flipkart will pay in excess of Rs 3,000 crore in rental for the 3 million sq ft campus over the lease period of 10 years. The deal has been signed at a rental of Rs 85 per sq ft.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi govt decides to deregulate diesel  price cut by Rs 3.37 a litreCentre fires up growth, deregulates diesel price
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 18, 2014
First Published: 19:34 IST(18/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:38 IST(19/10/2014)
The Modi government unveiled its biggest reform so far on Saturday, aligning diesel prices with international crude oil costs, a move that will make the key fuel cheaper by Rs. 3.37 a litre and help control inflation.
People agree that market-determined diesel prices free of administrative control would cut subsidies.
The bold decision was aided by a fall in global oil prices to near four-year lows, making for the first domestic diesel price cut since January 2009.
Diesel is the fuel most used in the road transport of goods across the length and breadth of India. Ideally, lower freight costs would push food prices down, creating the space for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut interest rates, making home loans cheaper  and sparking an economic revival.
Read: Govt raises natural gas price to $5.61/unit
“Henceforth, like petrol, pricing of diesel will be market determined,” Finance minister Arun Jaitley said after a cabinet meeting. Like petrol, diesel prices will change every fortnight.
The government also decided to re-launch the direct benefit transfer scheme for cooking gas and link it with the new bank accounts opened under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
Jaitley said that the programme would be implemented “in a mission mode” between November 10 and January 1, 2015 and that those who lacked bank accounts would continue to receive subsidised LPG gas cylinders.
In Delhi price of diesel expected to go down by Rs. 3.37 effective midnight tonight: Arun Jaitley pic.twitter.com/BxtxZQ7iZh
— ANI (@ANI_news) October 18, 2014
“Hon’ble PM launched bigticket reforms today;lucky that major reforms began with PNG sector;interest of poor & common men was central in them,” Dharmendra Pradhan, Petroleum minister, tweeted.
Diesel prices were raised by 50 paisa on September 1 and cumulatively risen by Rs. 11.81 per litre in 19 instalments since January 2013.
A cut in these prices leads to a lower subsidy bill and will eventually help the government cut taxes on petro products. This, in turn, will help cushion the shocks when global crude prices rise. India imports two-thirds of its energy needs.
Inflation is already falling.  Wholesale inflation rate plunged to 2.38% in September, the lowest in five years, while retail inflation fell to 6.46%, the lowest since 2012, aided by a sharp drop in vegetable and petrol prices.
Read: Diesel price deregulated: 6 key things you want to know
Market-determined diesel prices could also prompt more companies to take up  fuel retailing. It will also help contain the fiscal deficit --— a measure of the amount the government borrows to fund its expenses—at the budgeted level of 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan recently called on the government to “seize this moment”, while inflation is the lowest in five years and refiners are selling at a profit for the first time ever.
“This was long overdue," said Chandrajit Banerjee, director general of the Confederation of Indian Industry.
Petrol and diesel prices were first deregulated in April 2002 when the AB Vajpayee-led NDA government was in power. State price controls, however, made a back-door entry in 2004 when global crude prices started inching up.
In June 2010 the UPA government freed petrol prices and in January 2013 the UPA government decided to deregulate diesel prices in a staggered manner by raising its prices by 50 paise a litre.
    

Wall Street rises at open on earnings liftWall Street rises at open on earnings lift
Reuters | New York Oct 18, 2014 12:12 AM IST
US stocks rose on Friday, with each of the major indexes up more than one per cent, following a batch of solid earnings reports that eased concerns about the impact of weak global demand on US growth and businesses.
The benchmark S&P index is on track for its fourth straight weekly decline, its longest streak in more than three years, and is down about six per cent from its record high amid concerns about the health of the global economy and spread of the Ebola virus.
Investors eyeing corporate earnings for positive trading incentives were rewarded. General Electric shares rose 3.8 per cent to $25.17 after the company reported third-quarter earnings that topped analyst expectations, pushing the S&P industrial sector up 1.8 per cent.
Fellow industrial Honeywell shares gained 4.1 per cent to $89.27 after its quarterly results, to help send the S&P industrials sector up 2.3 per cent.
Energy shares, were up 2.7 per cent as the best performing of the 10 major S&P sectors, boosted by a six percent rise in Schlumberger to $97.12 after the world's largest oilfield services company posted a third-quarter profit that beat estimates.
At 11:11 a.m, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 257.23 points, or 1.6 per cent, to 16,374.47, the S&P 500 gained 30.61 points, or 1.64 per cent, to 1,893.37 and the Nasdaq Composite added 68.25 points, or 1.62 per cent, to 4,285.64.
The earnings of S&P 500 companies are expected to grow 6.9 per cent in the third quarter, according to Thomson Reuters data through Friday, on revenue growth of 3.8 per cent.
The largest percentage gainer on the S&P 500 was Textron, which rose 11.4 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was Urban Outfitters, down 13.6 per cent.
The largest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq 100 was Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, up 9.5 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was Netflix, down 4.9 per cent.
Advancing issues were outnumbering declining ones on the NYSE by 2,416 to 562, for a 4.30-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,734 issues were rising and 823 falling for a 2.11-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 2 new 52-week highs and 1 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 26 new highs and 17 new lows.

Are security forces responsible for Gadchirolis high turnoutAre security forces responsible for Gadchiroli’s high turnout?
Kunal Purohit , Hindustan Times  Gadchiroli, October 18, 2014
First Published: 00:06 IST(18/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:06 IST(18/10/2014)
In the 2009 state polls, Maoist-hit Gadchiroli had seen a 66% voter turnout. This time, the turnout climbed six percentage points to 72%. But is it sheer enthusiasm that has led to this improvement?
Cops provided lunch for villagers who walked long distances to vote in Lahiri, Gadchiroli. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
While travelling through the district, the Hindustan Times found although there was genuine interest among the people of the conflict zone to be part of the electoral democracy, there are a few unsavoury practices employed by security forces to boost the turnout.
From “requesting” villagers to camp near polling booths the night before and making meal arrangements, to using locals as human shields for personnel of security forces while entering and exiting sensitive areas before and after polling, a number of questionable practices were seen.
While senior officers of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and the district police, on condition of anonymity, confirmed these practices while talking to HT, villagers said they were intimidated into voting.
Ravindra Kadam, inspector general, special range, defended the practices, but denied his men intimidated locals. Dilip Trivedi, director general, CRPF, too, said his men had no independent policies and that their actions were determined by the state’s policies.
One of the most disturbing practices, later confirmed by senior CRPF officials, was of security personnel using villagers as human shields. Villagers are “requested” by the force to accompany polling parties from their base camps to polling stations, and back, to minimise chances of attacks by Maoists.
While villagers said turning down this request was not an option, Kadam had a different take on the matter. “Villagers do it to welcome this process of democracy. Of course, it solves our need as well, but we never ask them to accompany us.”
At Laheri, which had the last polling booth before Chhattisgarh’s dreaded Abujhmad forests begin, some people had been brought to the polling station from their village by the police the night before. Officers insist it was a request and villagers were served two meals in return, but the locals reiterated they are only given orders.
Similarly at Laskar village, a villager (name withheld to protect his identity) who had refused to accompany the police the night before, said, “We had to promise them we would come on our own in the morning. If we had not turned up, we would be singled out and questioned.” Kadam rubbished claim as well.
Caught in the crossfire between security personnel and Maoists, villagers have no one to turn to. “If we vote, the junglewale trouble us. If we don’t, the police comes knocking,” said a Madiya Gond tribal from Aldandi village.

India Cotton exports rise to US$ 550.71 M in September- 2014 - InfodriveIndia.comIndia Cotton exports rise to US$ 550.71 M in September- 2014 - InfodriveIndia.com
Jayalalithaa out of jail  arrives to rousing welcome in ChennaiFormer Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa arrived in Chennai on Saturday by a special aircraft on being released from the Bangalore jail after the Supreme Court granted her bail.
AIADMK cadres were jubilant and celebrated the release of Jayalalithaa, who spent 21 days in prison.
The moment Jayalalithaa emerged from the central jail compound in Bengaluru, formerly known as Bangalore, at 3.10pm, Tamil Nadu chief minister O Pannerselvam threw himself flat on the road in front of the main gate — face down, hands folded in prayer.
As many as 300 AIADMK ministers, MLAs and MPS who were standing behind Panneerselvam, took off their slippers and went down on all fours. Their spotless white shirts and lungis were smeared with mud and slush; it had rained heavily just a few minutes earlier.
Jayalalithaa's supporters celebrate her release in Bangalore on Saturday. (Sudipto Mondal/HT Photo)
The only person, whose presence Jayalalithaa acknowledged before she zoomed off in her imported SUV, was Panneerselvam.
"For a moment, I thought he (Pannerselvam) slipped and fell. My first instinct was to pick him up but I quickly realised that he was paying his respects," said a lady Karnataka cadre IPS officer who was a witness to the scene.
From the jail, Jayalalithaa left in a cavalcade of around 30 vehicles toward the HAL airport where she took a flight to Chennai.
Moments after she left, her supporters broke the police cordon and approached the media flashing victory signs. In voices choking with emotion, they cried out in chorus: "Amma..Amma." The police chased them away with a mild baton charge.
Earlier, at noon, special court judge Michael Cunha, issued the release order after Jayalalithaa's legal team furnished two bonds of Rs. 1 crore each. Similar bonds were executed for the release of her other three associates: Sasikala Natarajan, V Sudhakaran and J Elavarisi.
Watch: Security tightened outside jail ahead of Jayalalitha's release
A special court September 27 convicted Jayalalithaa in a Rs. 66.65-crore disproportionate assets case and sentenced her to four years simple imprisonment, with a fine of Rs. 100 crore under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Her three associates -- Natarajan, Sudhakaran and Elavarisi, who were released along with her from the jail, accompanied her.
The trio was also granted bail by the apex court in the same graft case, in which they were also convicted and sentenced to four years jail term with a fine of Rs. 10 crore each.
— Vishakha Saxena (@saxenavishakha) October 18, 2014
"Jayalalithaa left the jail after completing the formalities. She is fine and in good health," Karnataka inspector general of Prisons (IGP) KV Gagandeep told IANS minutes after she walked free at 3.15pm and waved to the crowd at Parapanna Agrahara on Bangalore's outskirt.
A special court ordered Jayalalithaa's release after the Supreme Court Friday granted her an interim bail in the corruption case.
"The special court judge (John Michael D'Cunha) issued the order after Jayalalithaa's counsel furnished a bond of Rs. 2 crore and two sureties of assets were submitted by her known persons," Gagandeep said.
The two sureties of properties valued at Rs. 5 crore and Rs.1 crore were given by J Bharat and Gunajyothi, who are party cadres in the Chennai.
The release order was issued after Jayalalithaa's counsel submitted to the court a certified copy of the apex court order, suspending her four-year jail term and granting her an interim bail till December 18.
Hundreds of Jayalalithaa's ardent fans and frenzied supporters from Chennai and Hosur across the border lined up on both sides of the Bangalore thoroughfares and cheered her as her convoy sped away towards the airport.
Many AIADMK cadres danced, clapped and waived party flags, while others burst firecrackers at junctions en-route raising slogans in favour of their aamma' (mother) and denouncing at the same time DMK president M. Karunanidhi.
Ecstatic supporters welcomed Jayalalithaa in Chennai.
AIADMK cadres assembled in large numbers shouted 'Long Live Amma'.
Jayalalithaa drove straight to her residence in Poes Garden area. Party cadres - men and women - braving heavy rains were assembled outside her residence and the airport to have a glimpse of their leader.
Film starlet Vidya told Jaya TV that Amma is for Makkal and Makkal are for Amma (Amma is for people and people are for Amma) to sum up the general sentiments of the people. Shock, anger, sadness after Jayalalithaa was jailed gave way to unalloyed pleasure and happiness, that exploded into noisy celebrations.
Right from the morning, Poes Gardens was the scene of festivities and much slogan shouting for their supreme leader. “Puratchi thalaivi, vazhga vazhga” (revolutionary leader, zindabad zindabad) rent the air every time a camera focused on the crowds.
Manikandan S, a farmer and AIADMK worker from Cauvery region, said “she had done a lot for farmers. Her hardship is unbearable for us and we will do anything for her.”
Some 1,000 people crowded the airport arrival area and lined up on either side of the road for a darshan of Amma, who spent 21 days in Bangalore prison.
Thousands of people were out on the street, at airport, along the route and at her residence, braving the intermittent rain for better part of the day. Even Jayalalithaa’s convoy passed through water logged road near Kotturpuram, where it slowed down in front of a Vinayaka temple.
Jayalalithaa was seen bowing her head slightly and folded her hands in namaskaram (salutation) to the presiding diety of the temple – Lord Vinayak. She had prayed in the same temple before heading to Bangalore for judgement in the disproportionate assets case on September 27.
(With IANS inputs)

Bihar doctors demand CM express regret for remarkBihar doctors demand CM express regret for remark
India eves look for first win in AFC U-16 qualifiersIndia eves look for first win in AFC U-16 qualifiers
Tackling Isis - hardest task lies aheadShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Tackling Isis – hardest task lies ahead
Sep 23, 2014 : The US and Gulf states have launched air strikes against Isis in Syria. The FT's David Gardner says that although the coalition looks promising, the attacks will do little to stabilise the Middle East until a broader regional consensus is reached.

India s foreign exchange reserves rise by $1.31 bnIndia's foreign exchange reserves rise by $1.31 bn
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 18, 2014 12:09 AM IST
The country's foreign exchange reserves rose by $1.31 billion for the week-ended October 10 to $312.74 billion, show data released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday.
The reserves are near the level last seen in the week ending June 6 at $312.59 billion.
Foreign currency assets, a key component of reserves, rose $1.30 billion to $286.89 billion.
Gold reserves remained unchanged during at $20.01 billion.
The Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) rose $9.3 million to $4.29 billion, while the country's reserve position with the International Monetary Fund was up $3.3 million to $1.54 billion.
Note: This copy had incorrectly mentioned that forex reserves were at a 4-month low.  The error has been corrected. We regret the same.  

WHO promises thorough self-appraisal of EbolaShare More
READ MORE ON » Insurability
The WHO said in a statement that it would not comment on the internal document cited in an Associated Press story on Friday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
GENEVA: The World Health Organization promised on Saturday that it would publish a full review of its handling of the Ebola crisis once the outbreak was under control, in response to a leaked document that appeared to acknowledge it had failed to do enough.
The WHO said in a statement that it would not comment on an internal document cited in an Associated Press story on Friday, saying it was a first draft that had not been fact-checked and was "part of an on-going analysis of our response".
"We cannot divert our limited resources from the urgent response to do a detailed analysis of the past response. That review will come, but only after this outbreak is over," the organisation said.
The WHO has been widely criticised for its slow response to the epidemic and its early reassurances, despite repeated public warnings from the medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres, which was leading the fight against the virus on the ground.
Ebola has killed at least 4,546 people in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, the WHO said on Friday. However, with at least half the cases going unreported and a 70 per cent fatality rate, by WHO estimates, the true toll is probably more than 12,000.
There is no sign of a slowdown in the outbreak, which was first confirmed in March but not declared to be an international public health emergency by WHO until Aug 8.
WHO Director General Margaret Chan has defended her handling of the epidemic.
But the internal document cited by AP said experts should have realized that traditional containment methods wouldn't work in a region with porous borders and broken health systems.
"Nearly everyone involved in the outbreak response failed to see some fairly plain writing on the wall," the document said.
It also said WHO bureaucracy was also to blame, with WHO's Africa head, Luis Sambo, appointed by African member countries, not by Chan. Sambo's tenure is ending at the end of this year.
In the earlier stages of the outbreak, messages from Sambo's office were sometimes out of step with the line from Geneva.
The African office declared Ebola to be "pretty much contained" in Senegal and Nigeria on Sept 22, a claim not backed up by Chan's office, which only declared Senegal to be Ebola-free on Friday and has yet to say the same about Nigeria.
The leaked document also said one of Chan's senior officials, Bruce Aylward, had warned her by email that some of the WHO's partners felt it was "compromising rather than aiding" the Ebola response and that "none of the news about WHO's performance is good."
However, it was only five days later, on receiving an internal letter spelling out the WHO's shortcomings, that Chan was "shocked" by "the first news of this sort to reach her", the leaked document said.
"WHO will not do interviews or explain details on this document until it is completed," said the WHO statement on Saturday.
"WHO believes in transparency and accountability and will release this review when it is fact-checked. For now, WHO's focus is to obtain the resources needed to successfully fight this Ebola outbreak.
Page 1 of 2

Guj set to get 11 new NCC units in 2015Guj set to get 11 new NCC units in 2015
AAP attacks Jaitley on black money caseAAP attacks Jaitley on black money case
Odisha to go by Supreme Court order: minister on CECOdisha to go by Supreme Court order: minister on CEC
BJP will get majority in Haryana  says union minister (Interview)BJP will get majority in Haryana  says union minister (Interview)
Flipkart closes largest ever office leasing deal  signs up for a 3 mn sq ft campusHi Guest
Flipkart closes largest ever office leasing deal, signs up for a 3 mn sq ft campus
Flipkart will pay in excess of Rs 3,000 crore in rental for the 3 million sq ft campus over the lease period of 10 years. The deal has been signed at a rental of Rs 85 per sq ft. DON'T MISS any stories, follow us on Twitter Follow Follow this section for ...

Delhi traffic cops now on WhatsApp  invite complaints from publicDelhi traffic cops now on WhatsApp, invite complaints from public
Soumya Pillai , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 18, 2014
First Published: 13:35 IST(18/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:38 IST(18/10/2014)
After joining Facebook and Twitter, the Delhi Traffic police have now decided to connect with Delhiites via WhatsApp.
Starting Friday, people can post their traffic-related complaints and queries on the police’s new number, 8750871493.
“Now everyone uses a smart phone and WhatsApp has become an important medium to connect with each other. We have had this provision earlier as well but this number will be dedicated for traffic-related complaints alone,” said Muktesh Chander, special commissioner of police (traffic).
Soon after the number was opened to the public, complaints and queries started pouring in from across the Capital. In a few hours, over 250 messages were received on the number.
To reach out to the traffic officials the complainant only has to mention the nature of the offence, which could be a traffic violation, unauthorised parking, overcharging, refusal or misbehaviour by auto or taxi drivers, faulty traffic signals or any other issue related to traffic management in the city.
A video footage or a photograph can also be attached along with the name of the complainant, the place where the incident has happened and the date and time of occurrence.
“We are trying to make our presence on the social media felt and since this is a quicker medium, we assure people that prompt action will be taken by our officials based on the complaints we receive.
In fact this decision was taken looking at the overwhelming response we were receiving on our Facebook page and Twitter handle,” added Chander.
Most complaints received on Friday were related to traffic jams which commuters have been experiencing throughout the city. Chander said that most vulnerable points were identified through complaints received and additional officials were deployed to clear traffic from the areas.
Traffic police had also urged people to report illegal parking lots in the city via their official helpline number 1095 and Facebook — which has over two lakh followers.
They had also launched an anti-corruption helpline 9910641064 where people can post complaints in case an officer asks for bribe or harasses them.

Security tightened outside jail ahead of Jayalalitha s releaseSecurity tightened outside jail ahead of Jayalalitha s release
Saddam Hussein planned to kidnap Israeli PM in 1981Saddam Hussein planned to kidnap Israeli PM in 1981
PTI
print
Former Iraqi ruler Saddam Hussein had planned to kidnap the then Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin in retaliation to the Jewish state's attack on Iraq's nuclear reactor in 1981, a media report said.
The sensational revelation has been made in a soon-to-be-published memoir by Saddam's attorney, Badie Aref, Al-Quds Al-Arabi newspaper reported.
Badie, who heard of the plan from one of the Iraqi intelligence chiefs, claims that Palestinian operatives were entrusted with the job of kidnapping Begin and bringing him to Baghdad, Ynetnews quoted the report as saying.
The plan was eventually called off after an unnamed Western leader urged the former Iraqi dictator to give up on the plan, the report said.
The Arabic newspaper will be publishing additional excerpts from the book in the coming weeks.
Israeli fighter jets flew some 960 kilometres on June 7, 1981 and dropped bombs on Iraq's under-construction nuclear reactor in Osirak, completely destroying it.
Operation Opera, or Operation Babylon as it was also called, sparked international criticism following Iraq's declaration that the reactor was not meant for military purposes.
Begin defended Israel's operation saying, "Are we to passively standby and know atomic bombs are being produced there?" He also called Saddam "a hard-headed megalomaniac, cunning, sophisticated and cruel" who was "willing to take high risks and drastic action to realise his ambition for self-aggrandisement".

Modi govt deregulates diesel  price cut by Rs 3.37 a litreCentre fires up growth, deregulates diesel price
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 18, 2014
First Published: 19:34 IST(18/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:38 IST(19/10/2014)
The Modi government unveiled its biggest reform so far on Saturday, aligning diesel prices with international crude oil costs, a move that will make the key fuel cheaper by Rs. 3.37 a litre and help control inflation.
People agree that market-determined diesel prices free of administrative control would cut subsidies.
The bold decision was aided by a fall in global oil prices to near four-year lows, making for the first domestic diesel price cut since January 2009.
Diesel is the fuel most used in the road transport of goods across the length and breadth of India. Ideally, lower freight costs would push food prices down, creating the space for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut interest rates, making home loans cheaper  and sparking an economic revival.
Read: Govt raises natural gas price to $5.61/unit
“Henceforth, like petrol, pricing of diesel will be market determined,” Finance minister Arun Jaitley said after a cabinet meeting. Like petrol, diesel prices will change every fortnight.
The government also decided to re-launch the direct benefit transfer scheme for cooking gas and link it with the new bank accounts opened under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
Jaitley said that the programme would be implemented “in a mission mode” between November 10 and January 1, 2015 and that those who lacked bank accounts would continue to receive subsidised LPG gas cylinders.
In Delhi price of diesel expected to go down by Rs. 3.37 effective midnight tonight: Arun Jaitley pic.twitter.com/BxtxZQ7iZh
— ANI (@ANI_news) October 18, 2014
“Hon’ble PM launched bigticket reforms today;lucky that major reforms began with PNG sector;interest of poor & common men was central in them,” Dharmendra Pradhan, Petroleum minister, tweeted.
Diesel prices were raised by 50 paisa on September 1 and cumulatively risen by Rs. 11.81 per litre in 19 instalments since January 2013.
A cut in these prices leads to a lower subsidy bill and will eventually help the government cut taxes on petro products. This, in turn, will help cushion the shocks when global crude prices rise. India imports two-thirds of its energy needs.
Inflation is already falling.  Wholesale inflation rate plunged to 2.38% in September, the lowest in five years, while retail inflation fell to 6.46%, the lowest since 2012, aided by a sharp drop in vegetable and petrol prices.
Read: Diesel price deregulated: 6 key things you want to know
Market-determined diesel prices could also prompt more companies to take up  fuel retailing. It will also help contain the fiscal deficit --— a measure of the amount the government borrows to fund its expenses—at the budgeted level of 4.1% of GDP in 2014-15.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan recently called on the government to “seize this moment”, while inflation is the lowest in five years and refiners are selling at a profit for the first time ever.
“This was long overdue," said Chandrajit Banerjee, director general of the Confederation of Indian Industry.
Petrol and diesel prices were first deregulated in April 2002 when the AB Vajpayee-led NDA government was in power. State price controls, however, made a back-door entry in 2004 when global crude prices started inching up.
In June 2010 the UPA government freed petrol prices and in January 2013 the UPA government decided to deregulate diesel prices in a staggered manner by raising its prices by 50 paise a litre.
    

Bilawal holds first public rally in KarachiBilawal holds first public rally in Karachi
Govt. approves new gas pricing policyGovt. approves new gas pricing policy
Anna writes to PM  threatens stir over black moneyAnna writes to PM  threatens stir over black money
Govt deregulates diesel prices...Gas price increases to $5.61/unitGovt deregulates diesel prices...Gas price increases to $5.61/unit
