Pension Funding Gap is Now a $2 Trillion Chasmpension funding gap is now a $2 trillion chasm
Ebby May / Digital Vision | Getty ImagesFor Baby Boomers who are ready to retire, it's 'go time'
Shelly K. Schwartz CNBC
Email
It's "go time" if you're planning to retire in 2015, or even in the next few years.
As millions of baby boomers flip the switch from gainfully employed to living off their savings, the financial decisions they face are countless and complex.
They must convert their nest egg into income, for starters, and manage their withdrawal rate to ensure they don't outlive their savings.
Ebby May / Digital Vision | Getty Images
It's "go time" if you're planning to retire in 2015, or even in the next few years.
They must also determine when to begin claiming Social Security and whether their asset allocation still reflects their long-term goals and tolerance for risk.
In short, the months leading up to retirement are when the rubber meets the road.
"The preretiree should begin to establish a budget based upon actual spending during the last 12 to 18 months of employment," said Neil Brown, a certified financial planner with Burkett Financial Services. "They should record their expenses and determine if this is a reasonable amount, given their soon-to-be disappearing paycheck." 
To stress-test your budget, he suggested practicing living off an amount equal to your guaranteed sources of retirement income for at least six months, including pensions, Social Security, annuities or—for the lucky few—trust funds.
Mind the gap
In the expense column, don't forget to include car loans, credit card bills, property tax, mortgage payments, groceries, gifts, entertainment, gas and insurance premiums. And allow plenty of wiggle room for what will likely be your biggest cost during retirement: health care.
Video: Whether you’re planning to retire next year or in ten years, Money magazine’s Donna Rosato shares her tips, including downsizing your home and living on less money.
Fidelity Benefits Consulting estimates that an average 65-year-old couple with traditional Medicare insurance coverage who retires this year will need $220,000 to cover medical expenses through retirement. That does not include costs associated with nursing-home care.
Read More Tax-loss harvesting explained
Whatever gap exists between your guaranteed sources of income and your monthly expenses is the amount you'll need to generate from your personal accounts.
That may require taking greater risk in your investment portfolio or lowering your withdrawal rate and living on less.
Financial advisor Paul Zemsky, chief investment officer for multi-asset strategies at Voya Investment Management, said the nearly retired should resist the urge to become too conservative with their portfolios.
With medical advances today, retirees may well live 30 years or more in retirement and thus need to continue investing for growth to protect against inflation and longevity risk (the risk of outliving your savings).
Read More Up your Social Security game
But with rock-bottom interest rates keeping bond yields painfully low, they may need to consider fixed-income alternatives to balance their portfolio, he said.
"Bond yields are at the lowest level that most retirees have seen in their lifetime," Zemsky said. "At a time when millions of Americans are entering retirement eligibility, the markets are not providing as many income opportunities."
Zemsky currently recommends high-yield alternatives including dividend paying stocks, managed payout funds (which seek to provide retirees a stable income) and master limited partnerships, or MLPs, which invest in slow-growth, relatively stable U.S. energy firms, such as those that operate oil and gas pipelines.
Taxes are an important consideration, as well, when developing a retirement budget, said Bob Adams, a certified financial planner with Armstrong Financial Planning.
Read More 5 tips for lowering tax bite
Many retirees fall into a lower bracket when they stop collecting a paycheck, which can favorably impact their future retirement income.
Others may find that the required minimum distributions from their individual retirement account, which begin at age 70½, are sufficiently sized to bump them back up into  higher tax-rate territory —or even indirectly subject them to the new 3.8 percent Medicare surtax.
Video: TODAY financial editor Jean Chatzky offers advice on how to live comfortably in retirement, suggesting waiting until you’re 70 to collect Social Security benefits.
Retirees should factor in such tax changes well in advance, said Adams.
As you cross the threshold into retirement, you'll also want to ensure that your nest egg is well insulated.
Read More The 4% rule is broken
Brown, at Burkett Financial Services, suggests fortifying your cash reserves so you aren't forced to sell stocks into a down market to meet your income needs.
While those still working are generally advised to keep three to six months' worth of living expenses in an interest-bearing account, Brown suggests new retirees keep between 24 and 36 months of expenses in high-quality short-term bonds, money market funds, certificates of deposit and cash.
Your Plan B
If you can't make ends meet during the trial run, your choices are simple: Either lower your fixed expenses or work longer.
Retirees should rid themselves of credit card balances and other high-interest debt before they quit work, but they can potentially stretch their savings further by eliminating life insurance coverage—generally not needed after the kids are grown—keeping one car instead of two, cutting back on cable television and downsizing to a smaller home.
Read More Refinance your mortgage now
If your house has appreciated significantly, you might also consider a reverse mortgage, which enables homeowners age 62 and older to convert part of their equity into cash.
Instead of making monthly payments to the lender, as per a traditional mortgage, the lender makes payments to the borrower throughout their lifetime. You need not repay the loan until you leave the house or pass away.
But be forewarned: If you fail to keep up with utilities, homeowners insurance and real estate taxes, the bank can foreclose on your home.
Ultimately, the best way to cover any savings shortfall is to continue working, Brown said, noting that working can include part-time gigs or consulting jobs.
Read More Market's rigged? Get real
A few extra years on the job will not only give your tax-deferred savings tools more time to benefit from compounded interest but also enable you to supplement your 401(k) plan and individual retirement account with larger catch-up contributions.
Importantly, postponing your retirement may enable you to delay Social Security benefits, as well, which is your last, best opportunity to compensate for undersaving, Adams said.
The size of your Social Security check increases by a certain percentage for each month you delay taking benefits beyond your full retirement.
Read More Risk gets no respect today
For example, those entitled to a $1,000 monthly benefit at full retirement age of 66 would collect only $750 per month at age 62. By postponing until age 68, they would receive $1,160 monthly, and by waiting until age 70, they would receive $1,320.
Lastly, working until at least the age of Medicare eligibility, 65, can have a profound impact on your future expenses.
Fidelity estimates that couples who opt to retire this year at age 62 will spend an additional $17,000 per year—or $271,000 throughout retirement—to cover costs associated with private health insurance premiums. 
That you want, or planned, to retire at a certain age is not reason enough to leave your employer. Only when your savings are sufficient, and you've tested your nest egg to be sure, is it safe to walk away.
"The transition into retirement is an emotional one and should not be underestimated," Adams said. "Before deciding to retire, be sure you fully evaluate your financial ability to do so."
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Chris Rock: There d Be Riots If People Knew What Being Rich Was Really Likereddit
"If poor people knew how rich rich people are, there would be riots in the streets," Chris Rock said in a recent interview with New York magazine.
The multi-millionaire comedian pointed out that poor people would be particularly shocked if they knew all the perks rich people get for being rich.
"If the average person could see the Virgin Airlines first-class lounge, they’d go, 'What? What? This is food, and it’s free, and they… what? Massage? Are you kidding me?'" he said.
If you have never flown Virgin Airlines first class (or first class at all, for that matter), these lounges of which Rock speaks are where "Upper Class passengers" can kick back with some "amazing food, fantastic facilities and a chilled out atmosphere," according to the Virgin website . At London Heathrow Airport, the Virgin lounge has a spa and showers.
Virgin Atlantic didn't respond to The Huffington Post's requests for comment.
Lavish air travel is just the start. Rich people often get paid to wear jewelry. They get paid to lose weight .
They're given free laptops and TVs . They also get paid thousands of dollars to just show up at clubs.
They get gift bags just for attending big award shows, bags filled with goodies worth $20,000 -- which is more than a full-time minimum wage worker earns in a year. Their kids' birthday parties have corporate sponsors .
The divide between the haves and the have-nots is nothing new in America, but in recent decades that gap has been getting wider as the middle class shrinks and the very richest Americans keep getting richer. Meanwhile, economists are warning that the world is heading toward Gilded-Age levels of inequality unless we do something to stop it. It's already worse than most of us realize.
More:

Vote for the Week in Pictures: Nov. 26 - Dec. 4vote for the week in pictures: nov. 26 - dec. 4
Martin  Aston Martin headlines new Bond film  SpectreAston Martin's lineup is as robust as it's ever been, with three sports cars and a four-door coupe. The brand's next generation of sports cars will start showing up in 2016. ( David Undercoffler )
“I’m really excited and thrilled to be able to say we have continued the 50-year relationship with Aston Martin  which began right at the very beginning of this franchise,” said Director Sam Mendes at a cast announcement. “Together we have worked on designing a new car.”
The David Brown 10 will most likely get grand touring style from the DB9, but with a Vanquish-performance side. The 2013 Vanquish has a lightweight carbon fiber body wrapped around a 5.9-liter V-12 engine. The DB10 will have spy weapons.
[[Forget martinis and femme fatales;]] The plural of femme fatale is "femmes fatales," not "femme fatales."
poppy coq

100 years of Aston Martin: What to expect next0
Ford got out of the exotic car game in 2007 when it sold nearly its entire stake in Aston Martin to several investment groups that now own 62.5% of the company. Private equity firm Investindustrial owns the remaining 37.5%, which it bought in April. Global sales in 2012 were around 3,800 vehicles, according to the company.
Yet despite the relative robustness of Aston Martin's current lineup, the brand appears to be on the cusp of a new chapter. It has squeezed as much life as possible out of the platform that underpins all of its current models. And Aston Martin's styling, while among the most handsome on the road today, has evolved as much as it can over a decade.
So what does the future hold? The company is mum on salient details about its next products, saying only that we'll start seeing the next generation of sports cars in 2016. And they will be sports cars. Unlike Porsche and Lamborghini, Aston Martin will follow Ferrari's lead and resist the temptation of sport utility vehicles. So do not expect to see James Bond fording any rivers in a boosted Aston Martin.
"It's important to know that our core is sports cars," said Julian Jenkins, president of Aston Martin of the Americas. "That's our focus, and that's what you'll continue to see."
This is despite rumors that a recent technical partnership with Mercedes-Benz would yield an SUV. That partnership, which is expected to be finalized by year's end, gives Mercedes a small ownership in Aston Martin. In return, the German automaker will supply the "base architecture" for a new line of V-8 engines and transmissions, and access to in-car electronics such as navigation systems.
For now, Aston Martin's lineup of the Vantage, DB9 and Vanquish will remain the brand's core sports cars (the four-door Rapide S is the sole outlier here). We recently took a spin in each of the coupes to see the fruits that 100 years of building sports cars can bear.
V-8 Vantage
This is Britain's answer to Germany's Porsche 911 Carrera S. With a similar price tag and roughly equal power, the V-8 Vantage is the gentleman's alternative to the Porsche.
Though its styling hasn't changed since 2006, expect favorable attention from the valet, even in exotic-laden Los Angeles. Its compact, purposeful design mirrors its character on the road; never superfluous, always capable. It's also friskier than its 3,600-pound curb weight might indicate.
Inside, the car's interior and ergonomics are beginning to show their age. The dashboard — shared with the DB9 and the Rapide S — has way too many tiny buttons. The Garmin Navigation system looks and acts as if it's using a dial-up modem.
This base Vantage we tested uses a 4.7-liter V-8 that makes 420 horsepower and 346 pound-feet of torque. Our $125,000 tester came with a six-speed manual transmission. A seven-speed automated manual gearbox is optional.
Though it's been with us since 2006, and a Porsche 911 probably will beat it around a track, the Vantage is still an incredibly compelling way to drive well and look good. What else do you need an Aston Martin to do?
DB9
Do not mistake the DB9 for a true sports car. With a 4,000-pound curb weight, this $200,000 grand tourer prefers meandering curves to tight apexes. As a daily driver, it's a demure chariot with stunning sex appeal. It will liven up some if you step on its tail, but in a refined, subdued way.
Though it shares the same interior foibles as the V-8 Vantage, the DB9's biggest drawback is its transmission. With rapid-firing dual-clutch gearboxes commonplace on exotic competitors, the DB9's automatic felt a bit slow, even in sport mode. Fortunately, drivers can expedite the process with large paddles on the steering wheel.
Despite sharing a chassis and name with the DB9 that debuted a decade ago, Aston gave this model a healthy update in 2013. Key changes included a more powerful V-12 engine and a refreshed face with a more crisp look.
The new 5.9-liter V-12 now makes 510 horsepower and 457 pound-feet of torque, and pushes it to the rear wheels via a six-speed automatic gearbox. And oh what a sound it makes; if they're lucky, owners of this car will live near a tunnel to amplify all that delicious noise. Imagine a thousand angry trombones.
The model we tested rang in at $208,000. If your hedge fund returns are subpar this year, save yourself the $5,400 and skip the interior carbon fiber trim. There are faster cars for the money, but you're going to be hard-pressed to find something with more panache. It's a worthy trade-off.
Vanquish
The pinnacle of Aston's lineup, the Vanquish can be considered a louder, lighter version of the DB9. All-new for 2013, the Vanquish coupe and convertible wrap a lightweight carbon fiber body around a massive V-12 engine.
Horsepower from the 5.9-liter V-12 engine checks in at 565, while torque is 457 pound-feet. A six-speed automatic transmission is your only choice, and is also this car's biggest downside. The Vanquish deserves better, especially with a price tag near $300,000. But sport mode in this car seems better programmed than in the DB9.
Despite being a grand tourer by pedigree and weighing around 3,800 pounds, this car is agile in the mountains with a confident, neutral feel through turns. The steering tells you everything, and the standard vented carbon ceramic brakes keep a tight rein on all that weight.

Indian IT Services market rises to $3.76 bn in H1 2014:IDCDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
According to International Data Corporation (IDC) the IT services market in India witnessed an year on year growth of 7.4% in 1H CY 2014 over 1H CY 2013, to reach a value of Rs 2,28,262 million ($ 3.76 billion).
Overall political and economic uncertainty has had an impact on project-based services in the first half of 2014 with few infrastructure deals being signed. Support services saw a quiet period in terms of growth in 1H CY 2014 with organizations looking at cost cutting measures and holding on their hardware and software refresh.
The market grew by 6.9% over 1H CY 2013. Spending on the system integration and IT consulting services also registered a growth of 6% and 6.6% respectively, which was quiet slower than the 2H 2013 owing to decrease in spend on infrastructure projects.
Outsourcing services continued to be the fastest growing macromarket seeing a growth of 8.8% in 1H CY 2014 over 1H 2013. Large outsourcing deals are being broken into smaller sizes, as companies prefer to work with more than one vendor. Companies not only manage to get a good pricing advantage, but also access to niche technology vendors.
“Cost pressures are driving the adoption of managed and data center services among small and medium enterprises as they now realize the advantage of utilizing IT systemsin an OPEX model,” said Sachin Chaturvedi, Senior Analyst – IT Services, IDC.
IBM continued to lead the market and managed to command the IT Services market in India in H1 2014, though they struggled to grow in 1H 2014 as competition intensified from vendors such as TCS, Wipro and HCL Technologies.
Wipro was placed second in H1 2014, where they maintained steady growth, especially in financial services and telecom sectors in India. They are expecting that the new government will boost Indian IT services market growth.
“Implementation of Social, Mobile, Analytics and Cloud (SMAC), big data and other emerging technologies will result in significant investment in new IT infrastructure by both private and public sectors in the coming 2 or 3 years. Service providers are now looking at optimising resources for their customers to offer them a leaner organisational infrastructure, ” said Chaturvedi.
While spending in the government sector was sluggish, BFSI fared well with investments in enterprise data warehouse, analytics, CRM etc, driven by competition to catch up with the private sector banks and branch expansion. With the national manufacturing policy in place there is a demand for SCM, CRM, ERP, product life-cycle management in this sector.
TAGS: IT Services
More from indianmarkets

Sensex down 105 pts on profit-selling; logs first weekly drop in7Direct equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The benchmark Sensex today closed nearly 105 points down at 28,458.10 buckling under fag-end profit booking in IT, oil & gas and healthcare shares, logging its first weekly loss in seven weeks.
After opening in the positive zone at 28,604.50, the BSE Sensex surged to the day’s high of 28,651.75 on continued overseas inflows and buying by retail investors.
Soon after, however, it met with resistance at higher levels and fell back to settle at 28,458.10, a fall of 104.72 points or 0.37 per cent. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 28,409.05.
The gauge had rallied 120.11 points in the previous session on supportive domestic and global cues.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex fell by about 236 points. This is its first weekly drop in seven weeks.
Overall, 22 constituents of 30-share Sensex including Sun Pharma, Infosys, Hindalco, BHEL, ONGC, Hero Moto and SBI fell.
On similar lines, the 50-share Nifty index ended 26.10 points, or 0.30 per cent, lower at 8,538.30. Fall in shares of Wipro, Tech Mahindra, Dr Reddys, BPCL, TCS, Sun Pharma, Infosys and Cipla stocks weighed on the NSE barometer.
It moved between 8,523.90 and 8,588.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
“In absence of any major cues, equity markets traded dull for most part of the session on Friday but profit taking in the last hour pushed indices in red,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Shares of SAIL ended about 3 per cent down after the government’s 5 per cent stake sale in steel major, to raise up to Rs 1,700 crore, began today.
ITC shares continued their rally, and added another 2.27 per cent on hope that a proposal to ban sale of loose cigarettes will be put on hold.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth net Rs 474 crore yesterday as per provisional data.
Global cues were conducive as Asian bourses ended higher and European markets also were better in early trades.
Sectorally, the BSE IT index suffered the most by falling 1.83 per cent, followed by the Teck index that fell 1.47 per cent, Healthcare index 1.40 per cent, Oil & Gas index 0.66 per cent and Power index 0.52 per cent, among others. Bucking the trend, Realty, FMCG, Consumer Durables and Metal indices jumped.
TAGS: BSE Sensex
More from indianmarkets

Mangalore Chemicals shares surge over 15% on Zuari openofferFalling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets
Shares of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL) surged over 15 per cent on industrialist Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group’s decision to spend upto Rs 282.19 crore to buy over three crore shares in the UB Group firm through a new open offer.
MCFL’s scrip zoomed 14.16 per cent to Rs 98.35 on the BSE.
At the NSE, it gained 15.62 per cent to Rs 99.90.
The voluntary open offer for 3.07 crore MCFL shares constitutes 25.90 per cent of the company’s fully diluted voting equity share capital. The open offer price of Rs 91.92/share represents about 7 per cent premium to MCFL’s closing price of Rs 86.15 yesterday.
“ICICI Securities Ltd, manager to the open offer, has submitted to BSE a copy of public announcement regarding voluntary open offer for acquisition of up to 3,07,00,000 fully paid-up equity shares of MCFL from the public shareholders by Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals together with Zuari Agro Chemicals,” a company filing had said.
The fertiliser company has also announced appointment of Vijay Mallya’s step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect. In a surprise move on December 1, liquor baron Mallya had resigned as MCFL director.
TAGS: MCFL Zuari Agro Chemicals
More from markets
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

IPO-ready Uber amasses $1.2 bn  valued at $40bnFalling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets
Uber wants to be the world’s private driving service. Now the company is amassing the war chest to do it. The start-up closed a new $1.2 billion round of financing on Thursday, with investors valuing the company at a staggering $40 billion.
That puts a new mountain of cash on top of the $1.5 billion that Uber had already raised. And it may collect even more: Uber may eventually sell an additional $600 million in stock, and it is working with Goldman Sachs to sell, potentially, another $1 billion in debt to some of the Wall Street firm’s wealthy private clients.
Uber’s ascent is one of the most rapid by a start-up in years. Five years ago, Uber was just an app that allowed customers to summon a private car with the push of a smartphone button. Since then, it has surged in growth to surpass even other members of Silicon Valley’s exclusive 11-digit club — start-ups whose valuations exceed  $10 billion.
With the additional money, Uber is setting itself up for what its investors hope will be the next mammoth initial public offering, following in the footsteps of Facebook and the Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba.
The new money, however, comes in the face of a rash of fierce criticism about the company’s approach to users’ privacy. While people briefed on the fund-raising process said that the recent controversy did little to diminish enthusiasm among investors, Uber acknowledged on Thursday that it had more growing up to do.
Raising yet more cash is another step in Uber’s plan to become the world’s premier logistics service, capable of transporting people to places they want to go as quickly and seamlessly as possible. The company has also signaled its ambitions to be a one-stop shop for delivering anything, anytime, anywhere — even groceries — perhaps one day rivaling the likes of Amazon, eBay and Google, all of which run nascent delivery services.
“Millions of people may decide that they no longer need to own a car because using Uber will be cheaper than owning one,” Travis Kalanick, Uber’s chief executive, wrote in a blog post on Thursday announcing the new round of funding.
Uber is by far the car-ride start-up with the largest footprint. In the last year, it has expanded to more than 250 cities in 50 countries. The company, which is privately held, does not disclose its revenue, but said in its blog post that it is six times as large as it was one year ago, and its growth is accelerating.
When the latest fund-raising round is included, Uber is valued at $41.2 billion — or more than S &P’s 500 components like CBS and the grocery chain Kroger.
Besides taxis and limousines, the company faces stiff competition on other fronts. It is up against Lyft — a competitor that offers a similar ride service and is also backed by big investors — in a race to conquer major American cities. Lyft is competing fiercely to lure drivers, passengers and engineering talent away from Uber. Should the start-up need even more money, it will probably have no problem collecting additional cash.
More from markets
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

A Chicago entrepreneur and the fate of a private hologram collectionCaption Museum of Holography Rescue exhibit
Chris Sweda / Blue Sky / Dec. 5, 2014
A laser transmission hologram featuring the image of Mozart stands on display.
A laser transmission hologram featuring the image of Mozart stands on display. (Chris Sweda / Blue Sky / Dec. 5, 2014)
Caption Museum of Holography Rescue exhibit
Chris Sweda / Blue Sky / Dec. 5, 2014
A front view of the Mozart laser transmission hologram.
A front view of the Mozart laser transmission hologram. (Chris Sweda / Blue Sky / Dec. 5, 2014)
Caption Museum of Holography Rescue exhibit
Chris Sweda / Blue Sky / Dec. 5, 2014
A hologram featuring an image of Mike Royko stands on display.
A hologram featuring an image of Mike Royko stands on display. (Chris Sweda / Blue Sky / Dec. 5, 2014)
By Amina Elahi , Blue Sky Reporter contact the reporter
Moshe Tamssot's quest to turn a private collection of holograms into a public exhibit
Before there was Instagram, there were holograms. Chicago entrepreneur Moshe Tamssot doesn’t want the world to forget it.
Tamssot, founder of The Monks of Invention, is on a quest to turn a private collection of holograms into a public exhibit. The holograms remain at 1134 West Washington Blvd. in a building that housed the now-defunct Museum of Holography.
Holography Museum
A quick video shot in 2008 at the Holography Museum, Chicago
A quick video shot in 2008 at the Holography Museum, Chicago
See more videos
In an attempt to find a buyer who would turn the holograms into a public display, Tamssot hosted a showing of 28 of the pieces from the former museum on Thursday night in a quiet two-room space at 1108 W. Madison St.
Exhibit-goers said the holograms — three-dimensional images created by light sources such as lasers — represent a specific intersection of art and technology. Tamssot is keen to preserve them as a slice of history. He concedes they’re too much of a novelty to sustain a museum but believes they would work well as an exhibit in a well-trafficked space.
Loren Billings and her husband, Robert, opened the museum in 1974. It came to a complicated end and the fate of the collection has been in doubt since the building that housed the museum was sold.
Four months ago, Tamssot toured the private collection, then set about convincing owner Hayden Connor to let him display some of the pieces for the public. Connor agreed, and Tamssot, with a team of 45 volunteers, set up the exhibit in a bit more than a day.
“It was kind of mind-boggling,” Tamssot said. “This was all built by people who have a love for this and who volunteered.”

CBS  Dish reach deal after brief blackoutCBS, Dish reach deal after brief blackout
You almost couldn't watch the SEC conference championship today
CBS and Dish Network on Saturday morning said they reached a multiyear pact for carriage of CBS-owned stations across the U.S. as well as the Eye's cable networks, coming after CBS pulled its signals Friday night from the satcaster.
The deal covers 27 CBS-owned stations as well as CBS Sports Network, Smithsonian Channel, TVGN and Showtime Networks, which includes Showtime TV Everywhere and video-on-demand rights.
CBS, Dish Network Locked In Stalemate Over Contract Extension
The two sides have until 7 p.m. EST Thursday to come to an agreement. If they don't Dish Network will not carry CBS stations for an indefinite amount of time.
The two sides have until 7 p.m. EST Thursday to come to an agreement. If they don't Dish Network will not carry CBS stations for an indefinite amount of time.
See more videos
Financial terms of the deal are not being disclosed. The sticking points in the talks, which dragged on for months and included two short-term extensions granted by CBS last month, were as much about digital content rights issues as about retrans dollars and cents.
CBS's signals were yanked shortly after 7 p.m. ET on Friday after days of wrangling between Eye execs in New York and Dish execs at the satcaster's HQ in Englewood, Colo. The weekend timing of the blackout was bad for Dish as CBS today is airing college football's SEC championship game featuring top-ranked Alabama vs. Missouri. That's the kind of event that would lead to irate calls from fans who suddenly lost access to local CBS stations.
cComments
Just remeber, I have a #d TV and wifi. I have many stations to cjhose from; ie., netflix, hulu and a host of others that play movies or old TV shows-Gunsmoke, Rawhide, etc. They charge about $8 per month for each. I don't use them, as I have two movie channels I get with the antenna, one...
Jackel1

Senate Democrat Wants To Take Money From College Students To Pay Loan ContractorsTom Harkin Wants To Take Money From College Students To Pay Reviled Loan Contractors
Posted:
Updated:
12/06/2014  7:59 am EST
Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee Chairman Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) answers reporters questions April 30 in Washington. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) | Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images
reddit
An outgoing Senate Democrat wants to take federal money from low-income college students to pay student loan contractors, whose tactics toward borrowers have been criticized by consumer advocates, federal regulators and the U.S. Department of the Treasury.
Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa), chairman of the Senate education committee and the appropriations subcommittee in charge of federal education expenditures, has proposed taking $303 million from the Pell grant program to increase revenues for some of the nation’s biggest student loan specialists, according to a July 24 version of a 2015 fiscal year spending bill now being negotiated by congressional leaders.
Student advocates and congressional aides largely missed Harkin’s move last summer -- partly because the full text of the spending bill wasn’t publicly released until six weeks after Harkin’s subcommittee approved it . They only noticed it in recent days as congressional negotiators work off his bill in the rush to finalize discussions on the federal government’s 2015 spending plans.
The government's spending authority expires Dec. 11. A government shutdown could follow unless Democrats and Republicans reach a deal. Congressional negotiators may eventually decide to spare the Pell program from cuts.
The Pell program is the nation’s largest source of grant aid for college students, according to the White House, and is meant for students from low- and middle-income households. Three of every four students who took out Pell grants during the 2012-13 award year had household incomes of $30,000 or less, according to the Department of Education. Nearly 8.9 million students are forecast to receive on average $3,826 from the program during the 2015 fiscal year, White House budget documents show . The neediest students can receive a maximum of $5,830.
The program has a surplus that the Congressional Budget Office in April predicted will evaporate and turn into a deficit by the 2017 fiscal year, which begins October 2016. Some analysts have said they fear the deficit will come sooner. Harkin wants to use that temporary pot of money to enable the Education Department to increase pay for student loan companies that collect borrowers’ monthly payments.
Student advocates said they’re outraged.
“I am appalled that Senator Harkin would put servicers -- who profit by hundreds of millions of dollars a year -- over the needs of low-income students,” said Alexandra Flores-Quilty, vice president of the United States Student Association. “Taking funding out of Pell and using it to pay private student loan servicers goes directly against the interests of students.”
Harkin has also floated the possibility of taking $2 billion out of the Pell program to use for other federal programs, according to Democratic and Republican congressional aides. Harkin reportedly dismissed concerns that such a move would affect students, according to Politico.
It was unclear Friday whether congressional negotiators were still discussing the $2 billion cut. Student advocates warned that if it were to occur, the Pell program would face a $3.6 billion deficit in the fiscal year beginning next October and the likelihood of deep cuts.
For Harkin, a longtime liberal who retires from Congress in January after a 30-year Senate career, the move risks damaging his reputation as an advocate for college students struggling to afford rising tuition.
“Senator Harkin has built a legacy on being a champion for students trying to afford college. We'd be deeply disappointed to see his subcommittee abandon its support for the Pell grant and jeopardize the aspirations of millions of low-income young people,” said Jennifer Wang, policy director at Young Invincibles, an advocacy organization that represents 18 to 34 year-olds.
Susannah Cernojevich, a spokeswoman for Harkin, didn’t return calls or emails seeking comment. Harkin’s office said negotiations over spending plans were ongoing.
The Education Department, which owns or guarantees nearly 90 percent of the more than $1 trillion in outstanding student loans, outsources the work of interacting with borrowers to companies such as Navient Corp., the former servicing unit of student loan giant Sallie Mae, and Nelnet Inc. The department spent $678 million on loan servicing in the fiscal year that ended in September 2013, budget documents show .
But amid an era of stagnant wages and increasing loan burdens, federal policymakers are concerned that the Education Department’s loan servicers aren’t devoting enough resources to helping borrowers. In the federal government’s main student loan program, nearly a quarter of loans, or 23 percent, are either delinquent or in default, according to the Education Department. The delinquency totals likely would be higher if borrowers weren’t postponing payments.
Sarah Bloom Raskin, deputy treasury secretary, has questioned why the Education Department’s loan servicers have allowed some 7 million borrowers to default on their loans, given the generous repayment plans that exist in the federal student loan program.
The U.S. Department of Justice accused Navient of deliberately cheating as many as 60,000 active-duty troops out of as much as $60 million. Navient neither admitted nor denied wrongdoing.
Consumer groups and student advocates have accused the Education Department’s contractors of misleading borrowers about their repayment options and mistreating them when they request help.
Even President Barack Obama has questioned the companies’ commitment to helping student loan borrowers manage their obligations, when he declared in June that the Education Department would renegotiate its contracts “to make it clear that these companies are in the business of helping students, not just collecting payments, and they owe young people the customer service, and support, and financial flexibility that they deserve.”
Harkin has largely avoided criticizing the Education Department.
Rather than investigate allegations of wrongdoing or punish instances of documented misdeeds -- actions the Education Department has largely declined to take -- the Obama administration decided this year to increase loan servicers’ pay in the hopes that the promise of more money would lead them to improve their treatment of borrowers.
In its annual budget request to Congress, the Obama administration in March requested an additional $42 million to pay the Education Department’s student loan servicers for the 2015 fiscal year. The administration wants Congress to authorize up to $772 million to be spent on loan servicing activities, an increase from past years driven by the skyrocketing growth of federal student loans. Some 40 million borrowers collectively owe $1.1 trillion, nearly double the amount owed in 2008, according to the Education Department.
For the first time in recent years, Congress has to authorize the entire sum that the Education Department can spend on its loan servicers. A 2010 law that annually set aside hundreds of millions of dollars for new, smaller not-for-profit loan servicers so they could snatch business from companies such as Navient and Nelnet was repealed in December 2013.
The Education Department had been using most of that money to pay its larger contractors, bucking the wishes of Congress. For example, in 2013, the department had $386 million available to spend on not-for-profit servicers. Only about a quarter of that, or $99 million , actually went toward smaller firms, budget documents show.
Dorie Nolt, an Education Department spokeswoman, declined to comment.
The Obama administration asked Congress to authorize new spending to replace the loss of the not-for-profit set-aside. It didn’t request that Congress tap funds in the Pell grant program to pay for it.
Enter Harkin.
His solution is to take $303 million out of the Pell program, and give $269 million of it to the Education Department so it could pay its student loan servicers. The money would go to a general pot of funds used to pay Navient and Nelnet, among others.
“It makes no sense to cut grants to students in order to pay loan servicers millions of dollars,” said Chris Hicks, an organizer who leads the Debt-Free Future campaign for Jobs With Justice, a Washington-based nonprofit.
Vincent Morris, a spokesman for the Senate Appropriations Committee, declined to comment.
Student advocates said they’re worried that Harkin’s move will set a dangerous precedent for the incoming Republican-led Senate. They argued that if Democrats are willing to raid Pell funds to pay for other programs, Republicans surely will do the same.
Funding for the Pell program historically has been rocky, especially in recent years. Budget authority has fluctuated from $17.3 billion for the 2006 fiscal year, to $42 billion for 2011, to $28.9 billion for 2014, according to the Education Department.
Pell grants act like an entitlement program , in that eligible students are entitled to funds regardless of the money available. Money unused from a fiscal year create a surplus that’s available for subsequent years; annual deficits, which occur when demand outstrips available funding, are generally covered by funds meant for future years.
At the moment, the program has about a $4.4 billion surplus as a result of unused funding from previous years. Assuming Congress doesn’t alter the amount of money it makes available for Pell grants, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the surplus will become a deficit by 2017.
If annual deficits persist, and Congress doesn’t make more money available, the federal government would have to curb the amount of assistance available to future low-income students.
“Any cuts to Pell Grants will leave a legacy of failing to support students,” Hicks said of Harkin.
Also on HuffPost:

Tech Means  Creative Renaissance  for TV: SMG s Scheppachreddit
CHICAGO -- The internet may have displaced newspapers, magazines and radio in many consumers' lives. But advertising execs - even those from technology backgrounds - don't believe TV is about to croak any time soon, a Beet.TV panel heard.
DigitasLbi's programmatic strategy and analysis VP Brian Zaben: "It's not going anywhere. It will just be more informed. The data points we'll be able to (use) ... will make it more relevant."
Target digital media VP Brent Rosso: "TV's not going anywhere. The medium, nothing rivals it. That said, we don't know what we don't know yet."
AOL video sales VP Margee Anderson: "As demand for quality content continues to grow, we're going to see it taking a stronghold in the media mix."
Whilst advertising folks still love TV, that doesn't mean they don't think ads there can be upgraded by bringing more data to bear.
"I have several clients, because they're having to serve a mass message, the message is so watered down, it doesn't speak to the true audience," said Starcom MediaVest Group's precision video EVP Tracey Scheppach. "As tech and data improves, you'll be able to improve the creatives - so I see a creative renaissance coming as well."
They were interviewed by Vertere Group CEO Tim Hanlon for Beet.TV at the Beet.TV leadership summit on the transformation of television, presented by AOL.
You can find this post on Beet.TV.
Follow Andy Plesser on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Beet_TV
More:

3 Reasons You Do Not Need a Videoreddit
That may seem like a strange title for a post coming from a guy who owns a creative agency that will produce well over 100 videos for clients in 2015. You'd think my job would be to convince people that they need a video to take their company (and mine) to the next level. I used to do that. I never do that anymore. When someone comes to me asking for a video I'm careful to let them know the three things they need before they are ready to ever think about making a video. Here's what I say:
1. You need a story.
I was shocked when I first started my business that most people wanting a corporate video or commercial had no idea what story they actually wanted to tell. Video is simply one way to tell a story -- it's a medium. How can you know if you need a video if you don't know what story you are trying to tell? It became evident quickly that for my company to really serve our clients' best interests, the first thing we had to do was help them discover and tell their own story. In taking this approach, sometimes we actually lose short-term revenue. We talk clients out of spending money on videos or anything else until they can tell us their own story. Of course, sometimes it means that people who come to use thinking they need one video realize that they need a lot more.
2. You need a strategy.
Some of the best videos my company made for our clients in our first two years have only been seen by a few dozen people. The story was there. My team (almost always) kills it on the creative side. So the quality is great. But nobody is watching it because there is no strategy to get people to view it. Or people are watching it, but nobody is taking action. It became clear to us that to be a company that people want to work with we have to not only be storytellers but strategic consultants. Success for us can't be a good video -- it has to be people taking a desired action based on a good story. That's what needs to be measured.
3. You need a partner.
Our favorite clients are often smaller companies (under $10M) at a place where they are ready to grow -- or ready to change. I love my job because I love the people and businesses we serve. We become true creative partners who understand the mission, values and strategies of our clients. Three of our clients have given me honorary titles within their company so that they can express the level of involvement I have with them when introducing me to others. I love that! But we only got there by refusing to just make them a video. That's how all those partnership started -- with a request for one video. Now we make dozens of videos for them... but we also serve them in every other creative way -- from high level consulting to graphic design to web development to even planning their monthly staff meetings. We're partners -- often friends. It's way better than being the stranger who makes a corporate video for them once each year.
This may all sound rather high level and philosophical. I mean, it sounds nice, but does it really work? Well, my company is less than three years old. We're pacing for 10x top line growth this year over last year and projecting the same for 2015. Our staff has grown over 100 percent in 18 months. And most evidently, almost all of our new clients are coming to us directly from our current clients. I can point to the day we made these adjustments as the day we started to grow.
So if you need a video, there are thousands of places you can go. Price them out and pick one. But if you need a story, a strategy and a creative partner... maybe we should talk . That's where the magic is.
Follow Joe Boyd on Twitter: www.twitter.com/joeboyd
More:

NACHO DOCE / Reutersnacho doce / reuters
SAIL OFS draws thin foreign participation on bearish commodity cycleSAIL OFS draws thin foreign participation on bearish commodity cycle
Aditi Divekar | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 10:46 PM IST
Steel Authority of India's offer-for-sale (OFS) is said to have received thin participation from foreign institutional investors (FIIs), citing weakness in the global commodity cycle, absence of demand pick-up for steel in the domestic market and delays in expansion plans.
Overall, the OFS of state-owned SAIL was subscribed more than two times on Friday. Major public sector undertakings appear to have subscribed to more than half the shares on offer, followed by the other non-retail investors' segment, which contributed nearly 20 per cent. The retail segment put in 10 per cent and FIIs 9.57 per cent. Domestic private entities' participation was 5.8 per cent.
“Globally, prices of iron ore, coal and steel are melting because of the economic slowdown in China. A fund house has to keep performing and so the short-term outlook cannot be ignored,” said an analyst with a local brokerage. “Since there is a negative view on the sector at present, we saw very thin participation from FIIs in the OFS.”
“The company had planned capacity expansion to 23.46 million tonnes (mt) by FY13 and it is still not there,” said an analyst with a foreign brokerage.
“We (SAIL) are at about 20 mt and should touch the 24 mt planned target by September (2015),” said a spokesperson of thee largest alloy maker in the country by capacity, followed by JSW Steel.
“There isn't a rebound in domestic steel demand and this has also kept the FIIs, already bearish on the sector, away,” said another analyst with a local brokerage.
“The offer lacked attractive discounts and in my opinion, this was another main reason for the drop in FII participation,” said Sumit Hizly, analyst with Angel Broking.
The government raised Rs 1,725 crore by selling 206.5 million shares via the OFS, representing five per cent of SAIL’s equity, at an indicative price of Rs 83.5 a share. This was the first divestment offer by the government in this financial year.
Views remained mixed on whether FII participation was lower than usual. “There is never a trend. They always study the cycle (in this case, the commodity cycle) and then take a call,” said the analyst with a local brokerage.
“For a reasonably good public sector undertaking, FII participation is 20-25 per cent. So, I think FII participation dropped way too much from normal,” said a city-based analyst.
Foreign investors took 60 per cent of the 60-million share sale in government-owned Oil India, put on offer in February last year. In the OFS from state-run NTPC, the FIIs snapped almost half the 9.5 per cent stake the government divested. However, Hindustan Copper's issue, through which the government sold four per cent in 2012, did not see interest from FIIs or private domestic institutions.
Most analysts said the offer was timed well and that the the government could churn well despite the bearish commodity cycle. It's better to have timed the OFS now than, say, two months earlier, when the stock price was only Rs 68, said analysts.
Though SAIL's OFS is considered a success, the amount churned (Rs 1,725 crore) through the offer is negligible compared to the government's overall divestment target of Rs 58,425 for the current financial year, note analysts.

Wearables and cars stimulate demandLast updated: December 10, 2014 12:00 am
Wearable tech and cars boost demand
Jessica Twentyman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/945c903c-7564-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

It s final: Dhoni out  Kohli to leadMore
Kohli to lead India in Adelaide Test
The youngster will lead India for the first time in Tests after it was confirmed that MS Dhoni will miss the Adelaide Test starting tomorrow due to a thumb injury
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Mon 8 Dec, 2014 7:30 AM IST
0
Virat Kohli has led India in limited overs internationals.
Virat Kohli will lead India for the first time in Tests after it was confirmed that MS Dhoni will miss the Adelaide Test starting tomorrow due to a thumb injury. This is the first Test Dhoni will miss since the Adelaide Test in January 2012. The injury means the back-up wicketkeeper Wriddhiman Saha will get to play his third Test.
Dhoni had been left out from the first Test, originally scheduled to begin on December 4, to allow him time to recover from a hairline crack on his right thumb. India did not want to risk aggravating the injury with the World Cup near. However, with the Test pushed to December 9, there was much speculation over whether he would play, having had five extra days to recover.
Incidentally, Kohli will make his captaincy debut at the same venue where he had scored the first of his six Test tons till date; on India's previous tour to Australia, Kohli had been one of the few positives for the team, scoring 116 in the first innings at the Adelaide Oval. He has played 29 Tests overall so far, averaging 39.46.
Saha had also played that 2012 Adelaide Test, two years after his debut match against South Africa in Nagpur. Wicketkeeping duties aside, he had shown decent touch with the bat in two warm-up games the Indians had played before the Tests, scoring two fifties.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Why is India losing the competitiveness raceSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Omar seeks probe into harassment of JK students inHaryanaBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 8, 2014 9:29 pm
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah today asked Haryana government to probe “harassment” of students from his state in a university there, saying such incidents hamper the process of reconciliation between students of his state with the youth of the rest of the country.
“I strongly condemn the harassment of Kashmiri students in a Haryana University. The Haryana government should probe the incidents and ensure the safety of every single student from the state,” Omar, who is also working president of National Conference, said.
The chief minster said he would also want the Centre to take cognizance of the matter and not allow these incidents to create a perception of discrimination against students from Jammu and Kashmir in other states of the country.
“The Central government should take decisive steps to ensure that students from the state do not live with a sense of apprehension and anxiety in other states,” he said.
“Such incidents are worrying and should be probed impartially and transparently,” the Chief Minister said.
“While the probe is awaited and the facts will be established — any perception of harassment and discrimination is equally harmful given that we have thousands of our youth studying in various other states in the country.
“It is imperative that state governments and respective Chief Ministers of these states take proactive measures to restore a sense of security among students from Jammu and Kashmir,” Omar said.
About 12 students, including nine from JK, were injured in a clash between seniors and juniors apparently over jumping queue at the hostel mess of a private college in Haryana’s Yamunanagar district.
According to Superintendent of Police, Yamunanagar, Ved Prakash Godara, nine students from JK were injured in the clash at the hostel mess of a private college in Radaur town on Saturday.
“When the students had lined up for getting their lunch from the hostel mess, a 1st year student from J&K broke the queue after which some senior students, also from the state strongly objected to this,” he said.
“An altercation broke out after which some students from the third year and first year clashed, that also included some students belonging to Haryana and UP,” he added.
The SP dismissed reports that “outsiders” had entered the college premises and targeted the Kashmiri students.
“No outsiders were involved in this. Some people may try to give a communal colour to the incident, but that is not correct. It is true that some of the students involved in the fight were not hostelers and live in rented accommodation in Radaur town, but they are not outsiders,” he said.
A case will be registered after further investigations into the matter, Godara said.
The official also rubbished reports that the students from J&K studying in the college had “run away” from the campus and taken shelter inside a police station after the incident.
“There is no truth in this. About 60-70 students continued…

Army to use digital avatars to build body armor for womenBy Dan Lamothe December 8 Follow @danlamothe
The company Body Labs has won a contract to develop specialty body armor for female troops, it announced Monday. (Body Labs image)
The U.S. military has developed numerous forms of body armor during the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, offering increased protection, comfort and durability. One development has lagged: Fitting body armor to women, who comprise about 15 percent of an active force of 1.3 million troops.
Several projects are underway to address that, including a new effort that will use digital avatars produced by Body Labs, a start-up technology firm in New York City. The firm announced Monday that it has signed a two-year contract with the U.S. Army Natick Soldier Research, Development and Engineering Center in Massachusetts to provide data and analytics to help the Army improve its body armor.
Body Labs will convert a recently acquired scan of 14,000 soldiers and turn the data  into digital, three-dimensional avatars and “statistical models,” it said. The company’s work is built on a decade of research at Brown University.
“Understanding the breadth of human 3D geometry and human motion will help the Army produce tactical armor that is optimally fit to the greatest number of soldiers,” said Bill O’Farrell, co-founder and CEO of Body Labs. “And, that same understanding and the tools we build from it, can be applied to the design and manufacturing challenges the Army faces in a host of other areas, including uniforms, backpacks, helmets, boots and vehicles.”
The company released this video last year to market and explain its technology:
The U.S. Army is using digital avatars produced by Body Labs to better fit body armor to women's bodies. (Body Labs via YouTube)
The effort comes as the military is researching how best to integrate women into combat units that have been closed to them for years. Then-Defense Secretary Leon Panetta ordered that women be eligible for all jobs in the military early last year, leaving the services until 2016 to determine how to comply and to request some positions remain closed.
This isn’t the first effort to improve body armor for women. In 2012, for example, female soldiers at Fort Campbell, Ky., and Fort Stewart, Ga., field-tested a new body armor tailored to them . It was based on the Army’s Improved Outer Tactical Vest,
PEO Soldier has manufactured 100 of the new female Improved Outer Tactical Vests, known as IOTVs, thus far. In August and September of 2012, the female IOTV was field tested by 19 Female Engagement Team, or FET, Soldiers at Fort Campbell, Ky. Vests were also fielded to FET team soldiers in 1st Brigade, 3rd Infantry Division, at Fort Stewart, Ga., in November 2012. Special Operations Command also received some to test, officials said.
Time magazine named the vests one of their best inventions for 2012. It was developed in part by the same U.S. Army research center in Natick that just signed the deal with Body Labs.
Female soldiers try on a body armor vest tailored for them in 2012. (U.S. Army photo)
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Wall St. flat after Japan  China data; biotechs climbWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Grievance cell for MSMEs to tackle procurement issuesGrievance cell for MSMEs to tackle procurement issues
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 09:39 PM IST
A grievance cell has been opened in the ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises for sorting out grievances and problems relating to procurement, Union Minister for MSME Kalraj Mishra said in the Lok Sabha today.
Mishra said that communications are being issued from the ministry to all Central ministries, departments and PSUs to comply with all the provisions of the Public Procurement Policy for MSE, 2012, according to an official release.
The 20 per cent procurement from MSEs will be mandatory with effect from 1st April, 2015, the Minister said. In addition, he said one-to-one interaction meetings with Central PSUs have been organised for enhancing procurement from micro and small enterprises (MSEs) by Central PSUs.
Vendor development programmes have also been organised by field institutes across the country, as well as by Central PSUs for the development of MSE vendors.
The government had issued directions under the Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprise (MSEs) Order 2012, to all Central PSUs, Central government ministries and departments procure at least 20 per cent of their requirements of products and services from Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) units.

Kerala: High Court orders demolition of DLF project inKochiWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:13 am
Portions of DLF Riverside, a premium waterfront residential project of realty major DLF in Kochi, which were constructed in violation of the CRZ rules should be demolished, said Kerala High Court on Monday.
Earlier, an expert committee had found that the DLF had encroached upon the backwaters.
The single bench of Justice A V Ramakrishna Pillai issued orders to Kochi Municipal Corporation in this regard. Cancelling the building permit the corporation had issued to DLF in 2007, the court ordered for suspension of further construction activities.
The bench of Justice A V Ramakrishna was acting upon a petition filed by a person E V Antony, who is residing near the project.
The premium residential condominium is spread over 5 acres of land along the backwaters. In five separate blocks, the project has 185 units, whose price tag is between Rs 1.5 crore to Rs 4 crore.
“The project was completed a year back and a major chunk of the units have been sold out, but not occupied as the case has been pending. We are yet to get full details of the verdict regarding the area which has to be demolished as per the court order.
However, we would definitely move an appeal in the high court. The issue with the customers who had bought units at the property would be settled through negotiations,’’ company sources in Kochi said.
Earlier, Kerala government had appointed Chief Secretary E K Bharat Bhushan to study the allegations against DLF. The government had cancelled the environmental clearance given to the project by Kerala Coastal Zone Management Authority.
Bhushan, in his report, had found serious irregularities in granting sanction to construct the 21-storeyed building along the backwaters at Chelavanoor in Kochi. It was found that the company had not even obtained CRZ clearance for the project, which got all clearances within three months in 2007.
The Chief Secretary had found lapses on the part of officials of the Kerala State Environmental Impact Assessment Authority and Kerala Coastal Zone Management Authority in awarding various sanctions for the apartment project.
The report had pulled up the officials of the Kochi Corporation for giving tacit consent for the illegal construction of DLF even after it was found that the reality group had encroached the water body.
Kochi Mayor Tony Chamminni said the corporation would examine how many constructions have come up along the backwaters violating the CRZ rules.

Death Toll From GM Ignition Switches Rises to 38It has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Intermission: Newsroom bluesBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 8 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
I may have thoughts later today on the way “The Newsroom” handled its episode on sexual assault on college campuses, but for now, I’m curious: How many of you are still watching Aaron Sorkin’s latest show? And what has kept you going?
Jeff Daniels, left, as Will McAvoy and Sam Waterston as Charlie Skinner in “The Newsroom.” (Melissa Moseley)
• “ We Need to Reconsider Art School ,” by Jerry Saltz: Reupping his piece from a year ago, New York Magazine’s art critic asks what students who are pursuing graduate degrees are actually getting for their money.
“All this may be the same as it ever was. What’s different now is that MFA programs are exorbitantly priced luxury items. At the top-shelf East Coast schools like Yale, RISD, SVA, and Columbia, the two-year cost can top $100,000,” he tells us. “This doesn’t include room, board, materials, etc. Add all that in, and you’re hovering near a quarter-million dollars. No matter how wonderful the M.F.A. experience, that’s straight-up highway robbery. If well-off parents can handle it as one last extravagance, sure — but we’re now at the point where only the offspring of the very rich can attend these schools. All current grad students should ask their regular teachers a question: ‘Do you know what the base tuition for an MFA is in this program?’ It borders on the blithe and unethical for them not to know.”
• “ Ralph H. Baer, Inventor of First System for Home Video Games, Is Dead at 92 ,” by Douglas Martin: In this obituary, Martin looks back at Baer’s eureka moment and all of the developments that went into it (not to mention all the competition that followed).
“Flash back to the sultry late summer of 1966: Mr. Baer is sitting on a step outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Manhattan waiting for a colleague. By profession, he is an engineer overseeing 500 employees at a military contractor. Today, a vision has gripped him, and he begins scribbling furiously on a yellow legal pad with a No. 2 pencil,” Martin sketches the scene. “The result was a detailed four-page outline for a ‘game box’ that would allow people to play board, action, sports and other games on almost any American television set. An intrigued boss gave him $2,000 for research and $500 for materials and assigned two men to work with him. For all three, as they plowed through prototype after prototype in a secret workshop, the project became an obsession.”
• “ What The Movies Taught Us About Teaching ,” by Bob Mondello: Looking back through decades of movie history, Mondello identifies the point at which teachers became revolutionary figures rather than selfless saints. But even so, the idea of sacrifice never really went away: “Far more frequently, movies reinforce the notion that in secular society, teaching is the closest thing we have to a religious vocation. You don’t decide to teach, you’re “called” to teaching as a profession. And as with religion, this ‘calling’ is one in which the basic job hasn’t changed in a thousand years: You stand in front of your flock, which expects you to be above reproach both on and off the job. Your authority comes from on high. You need the patience of a saint, the wisdom of a rabbi and the endurance of a martyr. And, at day’s end, the rewards are largely spiritual.”
• “ Network TV Is Suffering Through a Great Sitcom Recession. Here’s How to Pull Out of It ,” by Josef Adalian: Adalian is a reporter who does something very special — he reports on the nuances of the television business for a mass audience and does so in a way that makes clear how big dynamics in the media industry have an impact on what we watch. If you love comedies, he has advice here for how networks can do better.
“In addition to not green-lighting shows they don’t absolutely love, networks should demonstrate extreme patience with those they do order — as long as those shows are connecting with at least some segment of the audience. This philosophy partially explains why Fox just committed to additional episodes of ‘The Mindy Project,’ ensuring the low-rated show will survive for at least three seasons,” Adalian explains. “While its overall ratings are minuscule, even by Fox standards these days, a closer look at its demographic composition reveals that among younger women, ‘Mindy’ is a minor juggernaut. This week’s episode, for example, scored the same rating among women 18 to 34 as lead-in ‘New Girl’ while handily beating ABC’s ‘Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.’ and NBC’s ‘About a Boy’ in that demo. ‘If I’m a network, I would rather have a show that does a 2 rating with young women than a show that does a 1.4 rating across all demos,’ our TV agent says. ‘The audience has become so fragmented that it’s rare to have a show that hits that quadrant of the audience.’ The super-loyal young female fan base for ‘Mindy’ is also appealing to streaming providers such as Netflix, which has demonstrated it’ll pay top dollar for the right to stream shows with passionate core audiences. If a network owns the syndication rights to a show — as Fox does with ‘New Girl,’ but not ‘Mindy’ — it can offset the loss in advertiser revenue that comes from sticking by a lower-rated show.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Royal Visit: Obama meets with PrinceWilliamPosted: December 8, 2014 10:24 pm
It was a meeting of president and prince.
Britain’s Prince William, on a whirlwind three-day visit to the U.S., made a brief stop at the White House Monday for an Oval Office sit-down with President Barack Obama. The two men, both in dark suits, sat side-by-side and exchanged pleasantries before a crush of journalists before beginning their private talks.
William and his wife, Kate, arrived in New York on Sunday for their first official visit to the U.S. since 2011. However, William came to Washington solo for his visit to the White House and a speech on wildlife trafficking at the World Bank.
The Duke of Cambridge arrived early for his meeting with the president and was given a tour of the White House. He also met briefly with Vice President Joe Biden.
The White House said William was making his first trip to Washington. However, the president and wife Michelle have met William and Kate previously, including during a 2011 trip to London when the Obamas were hosted by Queen Elizabeth for a state dinner at Buckingham Palace.

US naturalist Paul Rosolie swallowed by a snake for TVshowBy: Agence-France Presse | New York |
Posted: December 8, 2014 10:22 pm
When naturalist Paul Rosolie wanted to focus attention on the destruction of the Amazon rainforest, he decided he needed a stunt guaranteed to get people looking.
So the staunch environmentalist offered himself as dinner to an anaconda – and was swallowed alive, filming every moment.
Anacondas, the largest snakes in the world, typically suffocate their prey before ingesting it, making Rosolie’s attempt all the more dangerous.
But Rosolie survived, and now people all around the world will have a chance to watch his harrowing journey into the stomach of the beast, starting Sunday night when the video airs in the United States on the Discovery Channel.
The idea came to him after a decade spent working in, and working to save, the rainforest habitat, Rosolie said.
“Everybody on Earth knows that the rainforests are disappearing and most people can tell you how important they are, but still, not enough people are paying attention, not enough people realize this is such a problem.”
The American activist said he was proud to take on the adventure, even though the prospect of dying was hard to
swallow.
To avoid suffocating, experts crafted Rosolie a specially designed carbon fiber suit, equipped with a breathing system as well as with cameras and a system to communicate.
“We didn’t know if this was going to work, if I was going to be eaten, but we made sure that if I did make it inside the snake, I wouldn’t suffocate,” Rosolie explained after the ordeal. The next challenge was trying to find a snake in the Peruvian Amazon jungle.
“We spent 60 days out in the jungle, camping, hiking, looking through swamps every night,” Rosolie said.
Eventually, they found a female snake, which at, six meters long, fit the bill.
“When I went up to the snake, it didn’t try to eat me right away,” Rosolie recounted.
The explorer was swallowed head first and spent more than an hour inside the giant snake, he said, adding that he kept in touch with his team the whole time.
He said he was scared that something would go wrong, but at the same time, “I was very excited to do it.”
After the US showing, “Eaten Alive” will air on December 10 in Finland, Denmark, Hungary, Poland and Sweden, and two days later in Australia, before being broadcast in other countries, including China and India.

Uber: Govt puts out official list of licensed cabs | Mulls banning across India | CoverageAir Cab
("Easy Cab, Mega Cab, Meru…)
NEW DELHI: The government today put out an official list of radio cab services that have the requisite licenses to operate in the national capital.
" Easy Cab , Mega Cab , Meru Cab , Chanson Cab , Yo Cab and Air Cab are licensed with the Transport Department for operating radio taxis in the NCT of Delhi," a Transport Department notification said.
The notification prohibited unrecognised transport providers operating through web-based technologies from continuing their operations till they get license from the transport department.
"All other transport/taxi service providers through web- based technology, who are not recognised, are prohibited from providing such services in the NCT of Delhi to public till they get license/permission from the Transport Department," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1CO8iB4FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Dan Chung, CEO of Alger, talks about the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ
Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer of Alger, talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ during USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable.
Post to Facebook
Dan Chung, CEO of Alger, talks about the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer of Alger, talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ during USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8J4ra
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Dan Chung, CEO of Alger, talks about the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ
Video Keywords S&P 500 market stability initial phase Biotech Google FaceBook
Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer of Alger, talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ during USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  Number one do you think the NASDAQ after fifteen years
00:07  we'll finally get back. To its old record high back in
00:10  the behaving at 2000. You know in this so what's driving
00:14  that and more importantly. What message will that new high beat
00:17  the market went it will will be the NASDAQ I'd be
00:20  viewed as. And the good side of the market stability healing
00:25  or will it be viewed. As yet you know a potential
00:28  and another sign. Day another bubble. That is you know ready
00:33  to burst and what you're taking anything remarkable react to that.
00:37  So I think the market will vest and an aspect particular
00:39  definitely. Test build on and I think it will go and
00:44  beyond it. On. I think the message actually is a very
00:48  positive wanted. Kind of powerful if you think it long sweeps
00:51  the time which is that while clearly below heights it reached
00:55  in the bubble. The initial phase of the Internet particular. Were
01:01  too early too fast too early. Bomb. But I find it
01:05  interesting that fifteen years later I think. The value in the
01:10  NASDAQ is a little higher than the S&P 500 but the
01:13  growth is also substantially higher. Driven of course by tech but
01:15  also been healthcare consumer which together are really 88% announced back.
01:21  On you know I looked at the sub components that the
01:23  NASDAQ carefully over the last couple weeks and there are many
01:26  parts of it including what's the biggest holding unit which is
01:29  apple which are not at all expensively values I think are
01:33  undervalued so. Armed and very confident that aspect of reached new
01:36  highs and I think witness over the last fifteen years says
01:38  is that. The idea that drove. The market to its highs
01:44  in the in the first phase. We're not in correct it
01:47  was simply hiding. Over the last fifteen years though these are
01:51  better companies that built that this has carefully. On a better
01:54  manage to beat of course have a new generation Google wasn't
01:57  part of that. Neither was FaceBook. But also for example in
02:02  the Biotech Kerry and farming area a lot of the drugs
02:05  that were not exciting early developments. Are now actually real products.
More Videos:

Correction could last several more sessionsCorrection could last several more sessions
Devangshu Datta |  Dec 08, 2014 10:45 PM IST
Some sort of a correction appears to have been triggered in the past couple of sessions. It remains to be seen how strong this is but it could last several more sessions. Insider selling in Infosys may have hit the headlines on Monday but there was actually selling across the board in multiple sectors.
The Nifty has fallen about 200 points from its all-time high of 8,627, and it could fall further. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) decided not to cut rates last week. While this gelled with consensus expectations, it also led to some optimistic bulls cutting long positions and that has started some sort of correction in the BankNifty.
Then, the selling in Infosys triggered off selling across the information technology (IT) sector. Weaker trade data from China has also meant some sort of correction, with metals being sold down, among other commodities.
Once this sort of technical correction starts, it could continue till a strong support is hit. This is especially true since we are moving into the financial year-end for most foreign institutional investors (FIIs) and there is a historic pattern of profit-booking during the last fortnight of December.
The Nifty has moved very quickly from 8,150-8,200 to over 8,600 and this correction could retrace most of that 400-point zone. Short-term traders should assume support/resistance levels exist at 50-point intervals and act accordingly. On the upside, the Nifty would have to beat 8627 to confirm the correction is over.
On the global front, the dollar continues to harden against euro and yen and the rupee. There is some evidence that RBI is intervening regularly to keep the rupee in a desired band. China's equity markets are falling despite a recent rate cut due to weak trade data. Once the overhang of the Infosys selling eases off, the tech sector should be see a recovery, along with other export-driven sectors like pharma. Right now, there is some money flowing into defensives such as fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG).
Political productivity in the form of Bills passing through Parliament in the winter session would also be a potentially bullish signal for the market. Assembly election results could be a news-based triggers for rallies, or corrections, depending on the Bharatiya Janata Party's performance.
The hitherto outperforming sectors of banking and finance could be hit hard if the correction continues. The Bank Nifty is high-beta and so are Non-banking financial companies.
The Bank Nifty could slide till 17,500 or lower.; Trader should assume support/ resistance at 150-point intervals.
The Nifty's put-call ratios are in a danger zone. The three-month PCR is at 1.04 while the Dec PCR is at 0.97. Anything below 1 is bearish. The December Nifty Call chain has massive open interest peaking at 8,600c, with ample OI till 9,000c. The December Put OI peaks at 8,300 but there's another bulge in OI at 8,000p and ample OI till 7,500p.
The spot Nifty closed at 8,438 with the futures at 8,475. the close-to-money spreads show that bulls are still very optimistic A bullspread of long Dec 8,500c (76) and short 8,600c (36) costs 40 and pays a maximum of 60. A bearspread of long Dec 8400p (45) and short 8,300p (22) costs 23 and has a maximum payoff of 77. The close-to-money bearspread has a better risk:reward ratio.
A trader looking for a strangle should go wider. A combination of long 8,600c, long 8,300p, short 8,700c (14), short 8,200p (11) costs a maximum 33 and pays a maximum 67 with breakevens at 8267, 8633. There are enough trading sessions left in the settlement for either end of this strangle to be hit.

US Stocks Slip in Afternoon as Energy Shares SlumpIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Curiosity Rover finds new indications of water on MarsBy Rachel Feltman December 8 Follow @rachelfeltman
This illustration depicts a lake partially filling Mars' Gale Crater, receiving runoff from snow melting on the crater's northern rim. (NASA/JPL-Caltech/ESA/DLR/FU Berlin/MSSS)
New information from NASA's Curiosity Rover suggests that Mars may once have had large, long-lasting lakes above ground. That would challenge the more popular theory that water on the planet was only underground, or only appeared in a few areas for a short amount of time.
The key to this latest theory is Mount Sharp, which stands 3 miles tall and sits in the red planet's Gale Crater. But Mount Sharp is a curious formation: The layered mountain is made of different kinds of sediment. Some layers were probably deposited by a surrounding lake bed, and other seem more likely to be the result of river or wind deposits.
An illustration of Gale Crater filling with sediment from deltas, wind, and lake deposits, then later being eroded by the wind. (NASA/JPL-Caltech)
Now, NASA scientists believe that a large lake in the Gale Crater — or even a series of lakes that evaporated and then reformed — caused the mountain's unusual formation.
To have liquid water on the surface, Mars would have had a much warmer, heavier atmosphere than it does now. NASA scientists still aren't sure how that atmosphere formed, or why it changed. But based on Curiosity's readings around the Murray formation — a section of rock 500 feet high — it seems that the crater lake filled with sediment (carried in by rivers) over and over. Once this sediment reached a certain height, the hardened sediment was eroded by wind, eventually forming the mountainous shape we now see.
1 of 34

Boston Teknowsy: Outcome of board meetingBoston Teknowsy: Outcome of board meeting
Bad flu season aheadbad flu season ahead
CII to hold Suminfra from December 11 at TirupatiCII to hold Suminfra from December 11 at Tirupati
Narendra Modi wins TIME s  Person of the Year  titleNarendra Modi wins TIME s  Person of the Year  title
Not much change likely in Indian gold demandNot much change likely in Indian gold demand
Global Electric Motor Market (Motor Types  Applications  Output Power  Geography) - Size  Global Trends  Demand ..Global Electric Motor Market (Motor Types  Applications  Output Power  Geography) - Size  Global Trends  Demand ..
Today s picks- 8 December 2014Today s picks- 8 December 2014
Jaguar launches XF executive diesel edition at a price of Rs 45.12 lacJaguar launches XF executive diesel edition at a price of Rs 45.12 lac
Carneys safer banks plan is progressThe doubts that linger over solution to ‘too big to fail’
Martin Arnold
Three big questions hanging over banking regulation
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f0d8832-7edf-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Payday lenders introduce lower-fee loans© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b1003b2e-7ee9-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Here s How Bad Corruption Is Around The Worldreddit
Don't expect bribery to get you far in New Zealand. North Korea, however, may be a different story.
A new map by Transparency International , a non-profit group dedicated to fighting governmental and corporate corruption, shows how levels of corruption vary around the world. Using data and expert opinion from 12 independent institutions specializing in governance , the group ranked 175 countries on factors such as the prevalence of bribery, how countries prosecute corruption, and how governments respond to their population's needs, such as guaranteeing basic human rights.
North American and European countries were relatively less corrupt than countries in South America, Central Africa and Asia. Somalia, known for high levels of piracy , and communist-ruled North Korea ranked as the most corrupt countries in the world. Denmark and New Zealand were the least corrupt.
Check out the map below to see how countries range from very corrupt (dark shades of red) to less corrupt (yellow).
More:

CNN s Candy Crowley Leaving Networkreddit
Veteran CNN anchor Candy Crowley has decided to leave the network, according to an email sent by network head Jeff Zucker.
"It is with mixed emotions, that I wanted to let you know that Candy has let us know that she has made the decision to move on, so she can embark on the next chapter of her already prolific career," Zucker wrote.
Crowley most recently served as the network's chief political correspondent and host of the Sunday talk show "State of the Union," replacing John King in 2010. During her 27-year-career at CNN, Crowley covered the campaigns of the last five presidents, and in 2012, became the first female in two decades to moderate a presidential debate. A well-respected and decorated journalist, she played a major role in CNN's Peabody-winning coverage of the presidential primary campaigns and debates in 2008 and received the Leonard Zeidenberg First Amendment Award from the Radio Television Digital News Foundation in 2013.
"State of the Union" would continue after Crowley's departure, a CNN spokesperson confirmed to the Huffington Post. Her last show will be Dec. 21. Zucker's memo did not say who would take over for Crowley as host of "State of the Union," nor what the anchor has planned for after her departure.
In a statement given to The Huffington Post , Crowley only hinted at what's to come next.
“My mixed emotions are these:  I am leaving colleagues and viewers who over many years have become dear friends and faithful fans," she said. "But I have for sometime wanted to try something new in someplace new.  I have several weeks for good-byes, which are sad, but I am eager and excited to begin what comes next.  More later."
Read the full email from Zucker below:
December 5, 2014
In her 27 years at CNN, Candy Crowley has been one of the most important and impactful journalists on our air.  Since she joined us in 1987, her assignments have taken her to all 50 states, covering a broad range of political stories, including presidential, congressional and gubernatorial races.  Candy made her mark covering the presidential campaigns of Pat Buchanan, George H.W. Bush, George W. Bush, Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Howard Dean, Bob Dole, Jesse Jackson, Edward Kennedy, John Kerry, Barack Obama, Ronald Reagan and Mitt Romney.  And as we all remember, she made her mark yet again in 2012 when she became the first woman to moderate a presidential debate in 20 years.
To say she lives and breathes politics is more than an understatement.  She has an innate ability to sense its nuance, push its limits, and ask questions that others won’t.  She is beloved in Washington even by those that she so skillfully takes to task on Sunday mornings.  And she’s an award-winning journalist – taking home everything from a Peabody and Emmys to an Edward R. Murrow award.  She is a television news icon.
Thus, it is with mixed emotions, that I wanted to let you know that Candy has let us know that she has made the decision to move on, so she can embark on the next chapter of her already prolific career.  As difficult as it is for us to imagine CNN without Candy, we know that she comes to this decision thoughtfully, and she has our full support.  There will be more time in the weeks ahead for all of you who have been lucky enough to work with Candy to share your own thanks for all she has done.  But for now, on behalf of everyone at CNN, I want to extend my sincere gratitude and appreciation.
Jeff
More:

SEE: 10 of the Most Striking #EricGarner Cartoons (so far)...Can’t Breathe in the Wind from Tom Racine on Vimeo .
 
WHEN NEWS BROKE this week of the decision not to indict NYPD officer Daniel Pantaleo in the July death of Eric Garner , visual commentators working on deadline reached for familiar symbols.
And so there, in editorial cartoon after cartoon, we soon saw the figure commonly called Lady Justice (or Justitia, or Blind Justice), sometimes felled — strikingly similar to how she was invoked just days earlier, immediately after the no-indictment decision for the police officer who killed Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo.:
AFTER THE NYPD/GARNER DECISION:
BILL BRAMHALL / New York Daily News
 
DAYS EARLIER, AFTER THE FERGUSON/BROWN DECISION:
STEVE BENSON (The Republic, Arizona)
 
Some critics consider turning to such familiar symbols a lazy form of artistic response, but that’s too simple a critique to hurl. On deadline, in the immediate aftermath, reaching for a visual symbol pre-imbued with commonly recognized power can be useful — as long as that symbol is used in the service of some new and specific twist (such as Justice holding the Eric Garner video before jurors, or the Statue of Liberty dissected):
 
MIKE LUCKOVICH (Atlanta Journal Constitution)
 
MICHAEL RAMIREZ (Investors Business Daily)
,
DARRIN BELL (WPWG)
[DARRIN BELL: From Ferguson to New York cases, "Candorville" cartoonist draws deeply from the personal (Q&A) ]
.
The second distinction to make is that as a case like the Eric Garner decision becomes a “second-day” story (and then going forward), cartoon commentators need to reach deeper, toward the more specific, and the more original, and the more probing. How do they advance the national discussion? And so we have seen smart cartoonists dig and create and invent (even as other cartoonists reached for too-easy monolithic caricatures, such as regarding race).
Here are some of the more striking second-wave Eric Garner cartoons to appear this week — as editorial cartoonists continue to distinguish themselves with more distinctive takes:
 
by STEVE BREEN (U-T San Diego)
.

Why are we still so awful at emailAfter 15 years of practice, why are we still so awful at email?
Lucy Kellaway
I detect two new trends are emerging in greetings, both bad. Sign-offs are getting worse too
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fcee739c-7be3-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Libyas divisions pave way for oil tussleDecember 8, 2014 7:24 am
Rival central bank governors vie for control of Libya’s oil earnings
Heba Saleh in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4eb94b20-7bc1-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks and oil slip on growth concernsGlobal growth concerns undermine stocks
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a44213b4-7e8d-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can Limiting The Use Of Military Gear Prevent Another FergusonCan Limiting The Use Of Military Gear Prevent Another Ferguson?
www.newyorker.com  |  By                                                                      Maria Konnikova
Updated:
12/06/2014 11:59 am EST
Law enforcement officers watch on during a protest on West Florissant Avenue in Ferguson, Missouri on August 18, 2014.  | MICHAEL B. THOMAS via Getty Images
reddit
www.newyorker.com:
On Monday afternoon, President Obama announced, as part of his response to the clashes between protesters and police that have occurred in Ferguson, Missouri, since the fatal shooting of Michael Brown by Officer Darren Wilson nearly four months ago, that he would be imposing stricter standards on the distribution and use of U.S. military equipment by local police forces. Current regulations, Obama said, were inconsistent and, often, inconsistently enforced.

McDonald s stock down as it serves up another weak month of salesMcDonald's stock down as it serves up another weak month of sales
McDonald's
A McDonald's restaurant on the outskirts of Moscow July 25, 2014.
A McDonald's restaurant on the outskirts of Moscow July 25, 2014. (MAXIM SHEMETOV)
McDonald's key sales fall more than anticipated.
McDonald's sees margin pressure due to weak sales.
McDonald's prolonged sales slump is taking a bite out of profitability at its restaurants, the world's largest restaurant chain said Monday, pushing its shares down more than 3 percent.
Worldwide same-restaurant sales declined 2.2 percent in November, more than Wall Street anticipated. The biggest decline came in the United States, where the company had its steepest drop since June 2001. McDonald's U.S. same-store sales have not increased since October 2013.
8
Analysts expected same-store sales, a key indicator of company performance that measures sales at McDonald's locations open at least 13 months, to fall 1.7 percent, according to research firm Consensus Metrix.
Total overall sales as well as same-store sales  have fallen 1.1 percent this year through the end of November.
Along with competition in its home market from competitors including Chick-fil-A and Chipotle Mexican Grill, McDonald's has been dealing with the lingering effects of a supplier safety scandal in Asia and economic and political turmoil in Europe, particularly Russia. McDonald's is trying to win back diners with a mix of everything from mobile ordering and updated marketing to localized menus.
@segesta65: You'd think they would have figured this out by now.
Chauntikleer
2
As part of those initiatives, McDonald's is working on updating its menu, including letting customers in some locations customize burgers and chicken sandwiches with toppings such as guacamole and creamy garlic sauce. In the test, those "create your taste" sandwiches are delivered to customers' tables and presented open-faced in special metal baskets, rather than being presented in wrappers at the counter.
McDonald's said it is expanding its "create your taste" test from four Southern California locations to about 30 restaurants in Georgia, Illinois, Missouri, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin starting in December. It plans to expand the test to about 2,000 U.S. locations by the end of 2015, spokeswoman Lisa McComb confirmed Monday.
But even if "create your taste" reaches 2,000 locations, the vast majority of the chain's U.S. locations would not have the specialty ordering system.
Oak Brook-based McDonald's said its poor sales should "significantly pressure" fourth-quarter margins.  Along with the weak sales, McDonald's expects foreign currency fluctuations to reduce profit more than it anticipated as the dollar strengthens.
CEO Don Thompson and Mike Andres, the newly appointed president of McDonald's USA, will hold a two-hour discussion with investors on Wednesday, McDonald's said. Even before that meeting, analysts were reducing their expectations for fourth-quarter profit, which McDonald's plans to report in late January.
Shares of McDonald's fell 3.8 percent to $92.61. The Dow Jones industrial average, of which McDonald's is a component, was down 0.6 percent. McDonald's shares have fallen 4.6 percent this year, while the Dow has risen 7.7 percent.
Same-restaurant sales fell 4.6 percent in the United States, where analysts anticipated a 1.9 percent decline.
McDonald's poor showing in the United States is "a positive read" for rivals Sonic and Jack in the Box, which "have been gaining share at McDonald's expense," said Oppenheimer analyst Brian Bittner.
Sterne Agee analyst Lynne Collier said McDonald's strategies in the United States are not "meaningfully differentiated." She expects sales to remain under pressure into 2015.
Results continued to be weak in other parts of the world as well.
Same-restaurant sales in the Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa region fell 4 percent, slightly deeper than the 3.8 percent decline analysts had anticipated. McDonald's said it continues to feel the impact of the supplier safety issue in Japan and China.
The supplier issue is still expected to take a bite of 7 cents to 10 cents out of fourth-quarter profit, which the company tentatively plans to report Jan. 23.
Same-restaurant sales fell 2 percent in Europe, just steeper than the 1.9 percent decline analysts had anticipated. A good performance in the United Kingdom was not enough to overcome weak results in Russia and declines in France and Germany, McDonald's said.
Overall November sales, which include sales at newer locations, fell 6 percent, but rose just slightly when stripping out currency fluctuations.

Uber will appeal Dutch court ban of online taxi appUber will appeal Dutch court ban of online taxi app
Uber
The Uber app is seen on a smartphone.
The Uber app is seen on a smartphone. (LUCY NICHOLSON)
By Anthony Deutsch, Reuters
Uber
Uber, the fast-growing online car sharing service, has been banned from taking bookings in the Netherlands via its smartphone app where it could face fines of up to 100,000 euros ($122,650).
Uber said it would appeal against the decision by the Trade and Industry Appeals Tribunal in The Hague on Monday. It ordered Uber to stop providing the service known as UberPop, which it said broke a law requiring that drivers have a special licence.
Uber it's a big scam. Dutch got it right.....I guess Rahm doesn't have any cloud there. Eventually people will see the high level of this scam called Uber, Lyft and Sidecar.
Larry Ionescu
1
Uber, which was been valued at around $40 billion ahead of a planned IPO, could be fined a total of 100,000 euros ($122,000). Drivers could also face fines of 10,000 euros for each violation, up to a maximum of 40,000, the court said.
"This is only the first step in a long-running legal battle," Uber said in a statement.
Uber had asked the Dutch court to overturn a government-imposed ban and fines for use of UberPop, the smartphone application used to arrange rides.
"We believe were are offering a service within the spirit of the law. We will continue to offer safe, competitive, quality services to consumers," said spokesman Thomas van Oortmerssen.
Launched in California four years ago, the service has rapidly become popular in a number of countries because it often undercuts established taxi and minicab services.
However, taxi drivers across Europe say Uber breaks local taxi rules and violates licensing, insurance and safety regulations. It has faced legal action in Germany and a number of European capitals.
Uber service was also banned in Delhi on Monday after a female passenger accused one of its drivers of rape.
Uber said that Monday's Dutch ruling did not address the underlying legality of UberPop and that the decision was based on a law from 2000, when there were no smartphones.
"The law is out of date and that means the technological service we offer had not yet been invented," Van Oortmerssen said. "The law needs to be changed to make it possible and it is now up to the politicians to do that."
(Reporting by Anthony Deutsch; editing by Jason Neely/Keith Weir)

Oil stocks slump as crude falls to multi-year lowData is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis
© 2014 CNBC LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

Women in Business Q&A: Sue George  Founder  Harvard Sweet Boutiquereddit
Sue George is the founder and owner of Harvard Sweet Boutique , an online and retail gourmet bakery featuring all-natural cookies, brownies, toffee, and more. Prior to starting Harvard Sweet Boutique, Sue was a software engineer for Hewlett-Packard. She grew up in North Andover, Massachusetts and currently lives in Harvard, Massachusetts, just outside of Boston. Sue has been married for more than 20 years and is a proud mom to two children. She received her undergraduate degree from Boston College's School of Management, with a double major in Computer Science and Finance. She received her Master's Degree in Computer Science from Northeastern University in Boston.
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?
I was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes, also known as juvenile diabetes, in 2001. While it was life changing, I was determined to not let it change my lifestyle dramatically. I immediately went on an insulin pump, and followed the "rules" as closely as possible. Having diabetes doesn't mean you can never have a cookie again, but the challenge becomes being able to accurately estimate your carb intake.
Despite having diabetes and needing to watch what I'm eating, baking has always been a passion of mine. So, I started an all-natural, gourmet bakery using only the finest quality ingredients called Harvard Sweet Boutique in 2007. Diabetes played a role in the creation of my low-carb product line. I wanted to turn my diagnoses into something positive by developing a line of all-natural, low-carb treats, working with my physician and a nutritionist at the Joslin Diabetes Center, for people with diabetes like myself or for those on a low-carb diet. Now there are 10 unique sweets offered in 15 different configurations, offering a bounty of options for those seeking delicious, low-carb alternatives to their favorite classic sweets!
Since being diagnosed and developing the low-carb line, I have become more aware to other dietary needs such as celiac disease or gluten intolerance/sensitivity. I've worked very hard developing, testing and retesting gluten-free recipes as well. We now have three varieties of cookies and five brownie flavors that are all gluten-free. Living with diabetes has not dictated the direction of my business, but it has helped shape my product offerings and made me the business owner and leader I am today.
How has your previous employment experience aided your current position at Harvard Sweet Boutique?
I was previously a software engineer for 10 years and then a program manager for Digital Equipment Corporation, now Hewlett-Packard. I realized after being in the corporate world for so long that I wanted to pursue something different. Despite not having any formal training, I wanted to combine my love for fresh, high-quality baking, creativity and computer skills into my own business. That's when I started Harvard Sweet Boutique as an ecommerce site in 2007.
I started the business as an ecommerce site so I could reach a national audience and I recognized a need for unique gift alternatives. When you order from the site you can customize your package including the treats you put in it and the box design. We package our treats in whimsical boxes with colorful ribbons that can be shipped right to the recipients' doorstep or your doorstep for an easy gifting solution.
Harvard Sweet Boutique lets me to do something I'm passionate about, while allowing me to have additional time to spend with my family - it's truly the best of both worlds!
What have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure at Harvard Sweet Boutique?
Running Harvard Sweet Boutique alone without a business partner has been a challenge and can sometimes prove to be tougher than I imagined. I love being in control and driving the vision for my business at all times, but it would be a relief to have assistance sometimes, too. Because of that, mentorship is even more important, but I'll talk more about that later.
One of my all-time favorite moments was when I expanded Harvard Sweet Boutique from an ecommerce website to a brick-and-mortar retail location in Hudson, Massachusetts, in 2012. I live in Harvard (where I got the name for the bakery) and Hudson is just a quick drive away. Hudson is a quaint town and the retail location is perfect for us. The storefront offers the same sweet treats as the ecommerce site plus more. The storefront also serves item such as cakes, cupcakes, salads, soups, lunchtime savories and seasonal drinks.
Opening the brick-and-mortar location has been very rewarding and a major highlight for the business. While we are still a young retail bakery and working hard to get more foot traffic, the word has spread quickly and we get new customers in every day. The bonus side to having more foot traffic in the store is that they become potential new customers for the ecommerce side of the business as well.
What advice can you offer women who want to start their own business?
Don't be afraid to take risks. Mistakes will happen, but don't let them bring you down. Instead, use your mistakes as a stepping stone and as a lesson about what not to do. Always test out new ideas.
The mom in me wants you to remember to eat well and exercise! This is true for everyone, but especially for those of us in the food business where it is so easy to sample all day long and never eat anything of substance. I make it a point to do some form of exercise at least five mornings a week before I go to work. In fact, I am considering running in the Boston Marathon in spring 2015! Exercise breeds energy and I always feel much sharper and quicker after a good workout.
I also believe it's very important to have a strong support system in place before starting your own business. In my personal life, I have some very dear friends who are almost as close to my business and family as I am. They have helped me through thick and thin, including jumping in at busy seasons to assist with packaging, cookie scooping, or even washing dishes! They have played an important role in my success and I think it's essential for every entrepreneur to have a supportive team of friends and family by your side.
How do you maintain a work/life balance?
Part of the reason I started my own company was to have more control of my schedule and be able to spend more time with my family. It's been a blessing! With Harvard Sweet Boutique's success, things are really busy so it's important for me to purposely plan my schedule and maintain that balance. Since opening the retail store, I've made a conscious decision to step back and delegate control of the production. I've hired talented pastry chefs who have helped to bring my product lines to new levels. I've learned that each chef has something unique to offer, and I'm all for listening and experimenting. Hiring them has freed up my time, allowing me to focus on various business aspects such as brainstorming new seasonal products, social media/marketing ideas, networking, planning events and managing the everyday operations.
My family also loves to get involved with the business whenever they can which makes my work/life balance easier to maintain. My husband Peter and two children, Nick and Katrina, like to help out as much as their schedules allow. Nick just finished his first year in college at Duke University, so isn't around as much anymore, but when he is in town he'll pitch in wherever I need him (a summer of dishwashing was all he needed to convince him that a college education was a no brainer). Katrina's favorite way to help is to work with the customers, both in the bakery as a cashier, and manning my Farmers Market booths in the summers. It's so much fun being able to involve my family with my business ad show them you can do anything you put your mind too!
What do you think is the biggest issue for women in the workplace?
I think the biggest issue for women in the workplace is recognizing what you want and how to get it. As females, we know firsthand not everything is handed to us and we have to work really hard for it. It's important for women to know their counterparts and know how to get ahead in the industry they're working in.
How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?
My business has different focus areas and target audiences, and I've discovered that reaching out to professionals that are experts in their niche fields' works best when looking for a mentor. This approach to mentorship works better for me than having a single formal mentor. For example, if something seems to be going wrong with a recipe I'm working on, I'll consult or research advice from a seasoned pastry chef. That same pastry chef will likely not be able to help figure out whether it's best to use UPS or USPS to ship Harvard Sweet Boutique food gifts to consumers who order through the ecommerce site, so I find someone else for that. I also look to other successful businesses for examples on strategies for implementing social media campaigns and newsletter content. Overall, I keep in touch with many different mentors for a variety of advice.
Which female leaders do you admire and why?
I really admire Joanne Chang, the owner of four Flour Bakery and Café locations throughout Boston. She has earned my respect over and over again as I watch her businesses blossom. She also wrote two fabulous cookbooks which have provided a great deal of inspiration for my bakery. I have met her several times at various charity events in Boston where we were both donating goodies. She is charming, humble and always willing to share advice and a smile.
Another female leader I admire is my mother. She taught me everything I know about life, not through her words, but through her actions. She is a quiet person who leads by example.
My dear friend Terry is also someone I look up to. She is wise beyond her age and has mentored me in every aspect of my life. She is an unsung heroine in our town, reaching out to everyone in need and always working behind the scenes. Terry is most definitely part of my support system. She is always willing to step in when help is needed and that's what I admire most about her.
What do you want Harvard Sweet Boutique to accomplish in the next year?
The Harvard Sweet Boutique retail shop is doing so well that I'd really like to add more seating to transform it into a breakfast and lunch café. We have become a top choice for those looking to send memorable, high-quality, delicious gifts. And, right now we're on track to becoming the go-to destination specifically for special occasion cakes, so that's a big goal for the business as well.
Follow Laura Dunn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lauraemilyd
More:

How Globalization Changed America in 2014  and What It Might Mean for 2015reddit
It is the season of lists: best movies, best books, and so on. Since I teach and write on globalization and international political economy, I thought I should continue a tradition I started several years ago of creating a different type of list: a geo-political-economic list -- a list of the globalization top five from an American perspective.
Why only five? Because I am only giving an overview, a macro look at how globalization is now shaping or will shape America. More than five and the list would become less an overview and more a detailed analysis.
1. America Is Roaring Back
Seven years ago, with America's economy leading the world into economic mayhem, many questioned America's political and economic authority to be the world's leader.
But as Warren Buffet said, "It has never paid to bet against America." Through wise, but politically erratic actions such as the stimulus, the auto bailouts, the stress test for banks, along with the Feds QE policy, the administration has re-fired the American economic engine. Combined with America's energy boom, the United States has re-emerged as the leading, growing -- not declining -- economic power.
Ironically, the fact that the American economy is the least globalized of the major economies has also helped. As a percent of GNP, exports account for 52 percent of the German economy, 32 percent of the UK's, 27 percent of China's but only 14 percent of America's. This lesser dependency on exports has help shelter the US economy from the EU slowdown, while allowing the benefits of energy savings to ricochet more powerfully throughout the country.
2.  Deflation -- Possibly a New Global Economic Contagion
For the first time since the early 1930s, there is a serious threat of global economic disorder from deflation. What makes today's version of deflation truly worrisome is that it has developed concurrently from different strains around the world.
In the US, as in the rest of the industrialized world, we see it as the down side of the oil boom. But America is also being affected by disintermediation -- the technologically induced removal of intermediaries in the supply chain. People used to buy hard copy books for $20 but now can buy them online for $9. The price of a taxi medallion in New York has dropped by 17 percent because of Uber. We can even see disintermediation's footprints in the fact that corporate profits are rising more quickly than sales. Falling prices might seem wonderful in the short-term; in the long run they are extremely detrimental to an economy. The value of assets fall, consumers hold back purchases, wages do not grow and the burden of debt is magnified.
Due to its growth spurt, deflation in the United States is held in check -- for now. The problem for the US is the rest of the world, and the exportability of deflation. China is candidate number one in this regard, with its severely over built manufacturing capacity, that is forcing factories into a fight to the bottom,  to cut prices on exports. In the Eurozone, where deflation has begun to flirt with the economy, leadership for various political and cultural reasons has found it difficult to develop a course of action. And of course there is Japan.
3. Oh Where, Oh Where, Has Manufacturing Gone?
Technologically driven disintermediation and its sidekick, automation and growing new technologies such as 3D printing, are causing a global shift away from the economic value of manufacturing. Since the invention of the spinning jenny in 1764 and Watt's steam engine in 1781, manufacturing and the people it employs have been the underlying basis of modern economies. Now this is changing.
The world is shifting very rapidly from the manufacturing age to the age of human capital.
In the United States this phenomenon is today visible in the lack of growth in middle class wages. In China, the nucleus of global manufacturing, the problem is  more acute. How does China continue to compete on the bottom end of the manufacturing spectrum against lower wage-based countries and on the upper end in heavy industrial manufacturing against the United States with its automated facilities and cheap energy?
4. Germany -- Redux
From an economic and historic perspective the most interesting development this year has not been watching Putin's 19th century fantasy or the slowing of China's growth, but watching the evolution of Germany from a leading merchant state into a growing global force. Under the leadership of Angela Merkel, pressured by the counter-productive actions of Putin and the demise of the so-called post war balance between Germany and France, Kissinger's famous statement about not knowing which number the United States should call in Europe is now irrelevant. It is Germanys' number.
5. AGING -- And Immigration as the Antidote
Aging populations, combined with low birth rates, are probably the single common denominator among the leading industrial nations; the one exception being the United States. The question these countries face is how they maintain their standard of living, as retiring baby boomers start to overtake the ability of the balance of the population to support boomer retirement while creating new economic growth.  Ironically the opposite problem is occurring in much of the non-industrial world where the birth rate is exploding.
In Japan more than 20 percent of the population is over 65. The Japanese government estimates that if conditions stay on the same trajectory 40 percent of the population will be over 65 by 2060.
The European Commission has stated:
"The proportion of people of working age in the EU is shrinking while the relative number of those retired is expanding. The share of older persons in the total population will increase significantly in the coming decades which will lead to an increased burden on those of working age to provide for the social expenditure required by the ageing population for a range of related services."
In China, Helen (Hong) Qiao, chief Greater China economist at Morgan Stanley has asked the question, "Will China Grow Old Before Getting Rich?"
What makes The United States different is immigration. According to the Fiscal Times, "It's only because of immigration that the U.S. doesn't find itself in the same economic conundrum as Japan, China, South Korea, and Europe.
The U.S. is exceptionally young among OECD nations, it's the country's immigrants that are keeping the population balanced and preventing it from becoming like Japan, Korea, and much of Europe.
Without immigration the U.S. would, in other words, have sub-replacement birth numbers like every other OECD nation. And it would, presumably, suffer a similar economic malaise caused in large measure by this demographic structural reconstruction of their populations."
Follow Edward Goldberg on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EdwardGoldberg
More:

Help rebuild the lives of Syrian refugees© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/4a8c4444-7a54-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The dangers of C-suite spread© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d43a2e9a-7bad-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China captures top tigers as well as fliesArrest of ‘tiger’ Zhou Yongkang sheds light on China graft purge
Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/57042e30-7ebe-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delhi cab rape: Accused driver sent to 3-day police custody; Uber services banned in CapitalA Delhi court sent on Monday an Uber taxi driver accused of raping a 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days as the state government banned the app-based cab booking service in the Capital.
 
The Delhi Police are considering legal action against Uber for hiring the driver, who was arrested and jailed on allegations of sexual assault on a previous occasion, without running a background check.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
Police said Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, had spent nearly two years in jail over another rape charge before being acquitted last year when the victim allegedly turned hostile and the court found contradictions in her statement.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com with immediate effect," said an official statement.
Tainted taxis still plying in Delhi, shows mobile app
"M/s Uber also misled the commuter (the victim) about the nature of the taxi service offered by the Uber App."
On Friday night, Yadav allegedly raped an executive from a Gurgaon-based finance company in north Delhi's Sarai Rohilla before dropping her home, sparking outrage in the city weeks before the second anniversary of the fatal gangrape of a 23-year-old medical student in a moving bus.
Although Yadav threatened to kill her if she reported the crime to police, the woman took a photo of the car's number plate before alerting the authorities. The executive, who was returning from a dinner party, had booked a cab home using the Uber app.
 
Police tracked Yadav down and arrested him on Sunday from his home town Mathura,160 kilometers (100 miles) south of New Delhi, where he had fled.
He refused to participate in an identification line-up on Monday after police told the court they had not yet recovered the mobile phone he used during the incident.
Late in the evening, the Delhi Police said they would file a separate case for forgery against Yadav as a character certificate issued in his favour shown to be from the office of additional CP (south-east district) was forged.
HT had broken news of this 'character certificate' online.
The 'document', dated May 2014, bears the signature of LT Hrangchal, who served as additional DCP (south-east) but was transferred out of Delhi in February 2013.
"We verified the authenticity of the certificate from our official records and learnt that no such certificate was issued. We will register a separate case as the offence attracts sections 420, 468 and 471 (cheating and forgery of documents) of IPC," said Deepak Mishra, special CP (law and order).
It has also emerged that an employee of a Gurgaon pub had pressed rape charges against Yadav at the Mehrauli police station in 2011.
"She had hired Yadav's cab from the local taxi stand in Gurgaon to reach her rented flat in Kishangarh (Delhi) after finishing her work around 3am on December 13, 2011. He remained in jail till his acquittal on July 11, 2012. The woman withdrew the case when it reached the trial stage," said a police officer familiar with that case.
Meanwhile, anger mounted in New Delhi where a crowd of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister's residence, demanding more action by officials to ensure safety for women.
 
"The shocking incident of rape of a young woman in a cab on Friday night exposes the alarming situation about lack of women safety in the national capital," the Aam Aadmi Party said in a statement.
Uber on back foot
The Delhi Police had served Uber with a notice on Sunday, asking it to join the investigation. On Monday, it questioned two of its employees in the presence of their lawyer for almost four hours.
"We have definitely decided to register an FIR against Uber. It will be done by Tuesday morning," Madhur Verma, DCP (north), told HT.
Gagan Bhatia, regional manager (in charge of Delhi-NCR), and his colleague were quizzed over the norms Uber follows while registering drivers. Bhatia dodged the media after the questioning, saying: "It's an ongoing investigation. I would not like to comment."
Investigators believe Uber is guilty of negligence for registering drivers like Yadav without verifying their antecedents. They also believe that the company has violated basic guidelines set by the government for taxi operators and taxi booking service providers.
Special commissioner Deepak Mishra said early investigations showed GPS had not been installed in Yadav's taxi and police background checks were not conducted on the driver.
Uber initially could not even produce the call records of the accused as the server was located in the US.
San Francisco-based Uber had earlier issued a statement saying its thoughts were with the young woman and it was working with the government to address the issue.
 
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States and could spell trouble across the globe for the company.
 
The cab booking company, however, tried to shift some of the blame on to the Delhi government for the failure to carry out background checks on the accused.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick issued a statement, terming the incident horrific.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.
"We will work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs. We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women," the statement said.
(With inputs from agencies)

Infosys s Sikka reacts to block deal by foun...You are here: Home > Collections > Entrepreneurship
Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka reacts to block deal by founders
Chandra R Srikanth, ET Now Dec 8, 2014, 10.04PM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(Sikka's statement comes…)
Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka said he respects the company's founders decision to sell shares to contribute towards philanthropic and entrepreneurship initiatives and that this is in line with the company's values of contributing towards the greater good.
Sikka's statement comes on a day when four of Infosys founders sold shares worth over a billion dollars in a block deal, as a result of which the shares fell by over 4 percent.
In an email response to ET NOW on the share sale, Sikka stated, "They continue to be among the largest retail shareholders in the company. They have reiterated their commitment to the future of the company and reinforced their belief in and support of its leadership."
Sikka, the first non-founder CEO of Infosys, further said, "As I have always said, the Founders have left an indelible legacy and culture in this iconic company and I respect and trust their decision of contributing towards philanthropic activities and entrepreneurship and other initiatives"
He added, "In fact contributing to the greater good is something close to the company's heart, I am looking forward to further strengthening and reinforcing this area, and so in that sense again this action by them is aligned with the company's values."
The four founders who sold a part of their holding include NR Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani , K Dinesh and Kumari Shibulal, wife of SD Shibulal. Together, they sold over 32 million shares, representing 2.8 per cent of the total shares outstanding.
In separate statements to ET NOW, Murthy, Nilekani and Dinesh said the funds raised would go towards encouraging entrepreneurship and philanthropic activities. They also reposed confidence in the future of Infosys and its leadership.
In an email response late on Monday, Infosys co-founder SD Shibulal stated, "My family sold a minor part. We will be using the proceeds to invest in various philanthropic efforts as well as business activities which the family has. The family will continue to hold the large share at Infosys and we fully believe in the future of Infosys."
FEATURED ARTICLES

VW to unveil concept crossover to boost US s...You are here: Home > Collections
Volkswagen to unveil concept crossover intended to boost US sales
Reuters Dec 8, 2014, 09.50PM IST
Tags:
Detroit
(It will overhaul the Tiguan…)
BERLIN: Volkswagen will present a sport-utility concept vehicle in the United States next month, intended to increase its range in the lucrative crossover segment and boost sales in the world's second-biggest car market, company sources said.
A five-seat variant of the seven-passenger SUV the German carmaker aims to build at its US plant in Tennessee in 2016 will be unveiled at the Detroit auto show on Jan. 12-13, two sources said on Monday on condition of anonymity because details of the proposed model have not been released.
The concept vehicle, which the sources said is likely to be approved for production by 2016-17, is the latest part of VW's plan to plug gaps in a US line-up that offers only two SUVs, the Tiguan and Touareg .
VW's focus on smaller vehicles, such as the Golf hatchback and the Jetta compact saloon, has held it back in the United States, where rivals offer a wider range of SUV crossovers.
The company would only say that a concept SUV will be shown in Detroit, without providing further detail.
US sales of the VW brand were down 11 percent in the January to November period at 333,000 vehicles.
Bernd Osterloh, VW's top labour representative and a member of the carmaker's panel shaping US strategy, acknowledged in an interview this month that the brand is not yet represented in the growing segments of the US market.
"We need more models there ... If we had a pick-up truck today, we would perhaps already be at 600,000 (vehicle sales)."
Europe's largest automaker, which ranks second to Toyota in global sales, plans to spend more than $7 billion in North America by the end of 2018 in an effort to more than double sales to 800,000 cars.
The company will overhaul the Tiguan next year and add a coupe-style version as well as a long-wheelbase model that may offer a petrol-electric hybrid version.
Its crossover campaign ties in with similar plans by the group's premium marques. Porsche started selling the Macan SUV in April while luxury division Audi will start building the Q1 baby SUV in 2016.
Ultra-luxury division Bentley will expand into SUVs in 2016 while Italian supercar maker Lamborghini , also part of the VW group, is awaiting parent approval for its own SUV.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Singapore to design masterplan for AP s new ...You are here: Home > Collections > Singapore
Singapore to design master plan for Andhra's new capital
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 10.11PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(A joint working group of…)
HYDERABAD: The Governments of Singapore and Andhra Pradesh tonight signed a memorandum of understanding under which the former will design a master plan for building the state's new capital near Vijayawada .
A joint working group of the two governments, to be co- chaired by Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu and Singapore's second Minister for Trade and Industry S Iswaran, is being set up under the MoU for monitoring the progress of the project.
Speaking at the inking of the agreement, Naidu said the Ministry of External Affairs has given its green signal for the MoU while Prime Minister Narendra Modi "blessed us" and asked to go ahead.
"We are looking forward to a mutually-beneficial outcome that all could be proud of. We will not take the Singapore model and slap it on AP. We will work together," Iswaran told a joint press conference with Naidu after signing the MoU.
"We have a strategy to move forward and everything will be done systematically and scientifically. We want to build a capital that is economically, socially and environmentally sustainable," Naidu said.
As the Chief Minister said the master plan for the "core capital area" of "8 or 15 sq kms" would be ready in six months, Iswaran, too, maintained some details of the project would expectedly be ready by mid-2015.
"We hope to deliver it in real-time, as the Chief Minister said. The master plan will be designed for the core capital area, capital city area and at the larger regional level," Iswaran added.
Asked if the Asian city-state would be involved in the construction of the new capital, Naidu and the visiting Minister said there could be joint development of certain parts.
"Some Singapore companies will be involved in the capital construction. We will form joint ventures with some Singapore Government companies. If required, we will create some special purpose vehicles as well," Naidu stated.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jharkhand polls: BJP aims to win 50-plus seats  says Ananth KumarPress Trust of India | Dec 08, 2014 at 10:22pm IST
Ranchi: Union Minister Ananth Kumar on Monday claimed that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "good governance" and "development-driven approach" will help BJP win 50-plus seats in the 81-seat Jharkhand Assembly, for which elections are going on.
"BJP's aim is to win 50-plus seats in Jharkhand and it will get it following Prime Minister Narendra Modi's good governance, its development-driven approach and Jharkhand people's disappointment with the past fractured mandates,"
said the Union Chemicals and Fertilisers Minister at a press conference in Ranchi.
Kumar asked whether the previous UPA government had ever rolled back petroleum prices whenever prices fell in the global oil market.
Stating that people all over the country were attracted to Modi's "pace of work" and "incredible initiatives", Kumar asked whether the previous UPA government had ever rolled back petroleum prices whenever prices fell in the global oil market.
"No one can believe it, but the Modi government's steps helped reduce prices of petrol, diesel and gas after decrease in global prices," the Minister said.
He claimed that welfare programmes like the Prime Minister Jandhan Yozana have enhanced Modi's popularity and BJP would repeat its performance of Haryana and Maharasthra state elections in Jammu & Kashmir and in Jharkhand in the ensuing polls.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Timeline of 1975 Lalit Narayan Mishra murder caseDec 08, 2014 at 10:14pm IST
Timeline of 1975 Lalit Narayan Mishra murder case
0
New Delhi: Timeline of the 1975 murder case of then railway minister Lalit Narayan Mishra:
June 2, 1975: Mishra goes to Samastipur to declare open the Samastipur-Muzaffarpur broad gauge railway line. A bomb explosion on the dais seriously injures him.
June 3, 1975: Mishra dies at the railway hospital in Danapur.
Mishra goes to Samastipur to declare open the Samastipur-Muzaffarpur broad gauge railway line. A bomb explosion on the dais seriously injures him.
June 9, 1975: Case was handed to Central Bureau of Investigation.
Nov 1, 1975: CBI files charge sheet in the case in a Bihar court.
December 1979: The trial transferred to Delhi by the Supreme Court.
1981: Charges framed against the accused.
Aug 17, 2012: The Supreme court directs trial court to conclude the trial by holding daily hearing.
Sep 12, 2012: Final arguments begin.
Sep 12, 2014: Delhi Court reserves its verdict.
Nov 10, 2014: Court defers verdict to Dec 8.
Dec 8, 2014: Court convicts four men.
0

Do we need a radical simplification of lawA very interesting and thought-provoking essay by Philip K. Howard over at the Cato Institute, on the need for a radically simplified legal system:
Too much law can have similar effects as too little law. People slow down, they become defensive, they don’t initiate projects because they are surrounded by legal risks and bureaucratic hurdles. They tiptoe through the day looking over their shoulders rather than driving forward on the power of their instincts.Instead of trial and error, they focus on avoiding error.  [And] modern America is the land of too much law. Like sediment in a harbor, law has steadily accumulated, mainly since the 1960s, until most productive activity requires slogging through a legal swamp. It’s degenerative. Law is denser now than it was 10 years ago, and will be denser still in the next decade.
Howard attributes this — what he calls the “mutant root that has produced this impenetrable bureaucratic kudzu” – is “the idea that law can supplant human judgment.”
We have tried to create a hands-free legal code, without any risk of human frailty. Most legal detail is aimed not at important legal goals or principles, but at dictating daily implementation. That’s why the Volcker rule is 950 pages. The Constitution, by contrast, is ten pages.
The broad solution he puts forward “is to restore human responsibility as the activating force of law and regulation.” Law should be radically simplified into goals and governing principles, like the Constitution, and leave to accountable humans the responsibility to achieve those goals fairly and sensibly. America, in short, “desperately needs a recodification.”
The way this works is that small committees are charged with coming up with simplified codes in each area of government, and then lawmakers decide whether to adopt them. This is how the Justinian and Napoleonic codes were created — it took only five months for Jean-Etienne Portalis and a small committee to propose a complete overhaul of French law. This is also how America’s Uniform Commercial Code was created. Simplified codes unleash enormous productive activity — like replacing a muddy road with a paved highway. That’s what happened in ancient Rome, and in 19th century France, and in post-war America with the UCC.  People know where they stand. They feel free to act on their reasonable instincts of right and wrong. They don’t go through the day looking over their shoulders.
I know that a lot of people find this kind of “big picture” opinionating uninteresting and off-putting; somehow, the idea that one short paper with a few ideas in it — even if they are good ones — can somehow turn American law completely on its head seems hopelessly naive and pointless.  But for what it’s worth, I’m not among them.   As I said a few days ago , there are increasingly worrisome signs that our legal system is in a bad way, not just at the margins but at the core, and many crazier, and more radical, ideas than this one have, in the past, turned themselves into action, action that in retrospect looks like it was entirely foreordained.  Well worth thinking about, in any event.
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.

Paul Allen donates $100m to fund industrial-scale effort in cell scienceBy Ariana Eunjung Cha December 8 Follow @arianaeunjung
File: Paul Allen, co-founder of Microsoft and Portland Trail Blazers owner. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer)
Microsoft co-founder Paul G. Allen is donating $100 million of his fortune to launch what he calls an “industrial-scale” effort to understand the basic building block of all living things: the cell.
The funds will go to the creation of a new institute based in Seattle that will construct a comprehensive visual database and predictive model of different types of cells, from cancer-ridden ones to neurons -- an effort that Allen said he hopes will help accelerate research into medical treatments and cures around the world.
In a phone interview prior to the announcement of the gift on Monday, Allen said that there has been much research in recent years on genes and how they influence disease, but there is a gap in knowledge of the intermediate step: How do those genes influence the composition, shape and functioning of cells – the smallest units of life with the ability to replicate independently -- and how do those variations affect disease?
"Cells are fundamental to every known human disease... If you can get a better understanding of how those cell processes come into focus that can give you further insight into normal cell functioning and disease states that everyone wants to attack,” Allen said.
Allen said that while someone who is well-versed in computer science has a pretty good sense of the internal workings of a computer, that's impossible for biological systems. "There is just so much happening that you have to model it to really understand it," he said.
The new cell research center will be led by Rick Horwitz, a former University of Virginia associate vice president for research, and will bring together biologists, microscopy experts, data scientists and others from a diverse set of fields under one roof. It will start with a group of around 20 scientists but has plans to hire up to 70 within the first three years.
The Allen Institute for Cell Science will initially focus on what are known as induced pluripotent stem or IPS cells. These cells, which are derived directly from adult tissue, are special because they are believed to have the ability to transform themselves into any other cell type in the body. IPS cells hold tremendous promise for drug discovery and regenerative medicine but while they have become a popular subject of study by scientists in recent years, there’s a lot we still don’t know about how they work.
The institute plans to start by creating computational models of the transition of IPS cells into heart muscle and epithelial cells that make up skin and line the inside of cavities in the human body. About 90 percent of cancers are believed to be related to issues with epithelial cells.
Horwitz, a cell biology professor who helped launch the University of Virginia's big data initiative, described a cell as "a system of molecular machines -- many, many machines and each of these machines is really complicated."
"People have studied individual systems but no one has tried to integrate it. It’s a huge project. It takes a multi-disciplinary team," he said.
With its “big science” approach, the new institute aims to replicate the success of another, more established philanthropic endeavor by Allen to reverse engineer the brain.
Founded in 2003, the Allen Institute for Brain Science was initially met with some skepticism and many questioned whether its mission – to map the mouse brain  – was the right one. But now, 11 years later, the institute’s mouse brain atlas and human brain atlas are widely praised as some of the most critical work in the history of neuroscience and have been cited in hundreds of peer-reviewed journal articles.
Allen’s initial investment of $100 milion in the brain institute has grown to $500 million and the institute is in the process of more than doubling its staff to 350 over the next few years.
Among the main reasons the brain institute is believed to be so successful is that it has made its findings free and openly available to the public.  Horwitz said the new institute will do the same and hopes to be able to share "edited" cells for study, reagents it used to manipulate them, images that will tell the visual story of how the cells change at different stages and predictive models that can start to guess how cells might react to certain stimuli.
The latter goal is key, Horwiz said, to being able to develop tailored therapies for patients.
"If you look at cancer there are a tremendous number of genes turned on or off or mutated. This is also true for autism. What we don't know is which ones are important and which ones are not. The important ones are the ones that actually change how the cell grows and once we have a better understanding of how this works we'll have a much better idea of which potential targets for new drugs," he said.
Over the past decade, Allen, who is estimated to be worth $15.8 billion according to Forbes, has emerged as one of the most influential philanthropists in the field of biomedicine. He is one of nearly 130 billionaires who have signed The Giving Pledge, promising to give more than half his wealth away to charity. Earlier this year, Allen pledged $100 million to battle Ebola – a contribution that U.S. officials say has been critical to getting emergency operations centers up and running in west Africa.
Bruce Alberts, who was part of a group of about 15 scientists who participated in a brainstorming meeting about cell biology with Allen earlier this year, said he believes the work it will be doing will bring us “many surprises that makes us realize how little we really understand about the basic mechanisms by which cells operate.”
Alberts, a biochemistry professor at the University of California-San Francisco who served two terms as president of the National Academy of Sciences, said that in recent years the private sector has become critical to reversing the trend of reduced government investment in basic science.
“These longer-term kinds of investments tend to be neglected because everyone wants short-term outputs in this world of politics. So I am very pleased Paul Allen has a different vision,” Alberts said.
Ariana Eunjung Cha is a national reporter for the Post. She has previously served as the newspaper’s bureau chief in Beijing, Shanghai and San Francisco, a correspondent in Baghdad and as a tech reporter based in Washington.

Government  Police or Cab provider: Where does the onus lieHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Gocompare founder poised for windfallGocompare founder to pocket £44m selling her stake
Alistair Gray and Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1b8e22b4-7eac-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dont violate Forest Rights Act  MoEFtoldWritten by Jay Mazoomdaar | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:48 am
Following a strong letter from the Ministry of Tribal Affairs (MoTA) telling the Environment ministry (MoEF) that its orders violated the Forest Rights Act (FRA), the NDA government has shelved its plans to “rationalise” certain provisions of the FRA through executive orders.
On November 12, the MoTA wrote to the MoEF, asking it not to meddle with the FRA and withdraw its October 28 order that allowed district collectors to unilaterally clear diversion of forest land to expedite development projects.
Seeking withdrawal of the order, MoTA secretary Hrushikesh Panda in his letter to Ashok Lavasa, secretary, MoEF, pointed out that “though the Ministry of Tribal Affairs is the nodal ministry of the FRA, the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change has been issuing advisories to the states relaxing certain provisions of FRA”.
Underlining that the FRA does not provide “any scope to any executive agency for any kind of relaxation” of the applicability of the Act, the MoTA said: “The letter of 28th October takes a short-cut, which can derail the projects completely… The FRA is the law of the land. The above letter violates the law.”
Soon after, Panda and Lavasa met on November 17 and the issues, it is learnt, were subsequently discussed between Jual Oram and Prakash Javadekar, the two ministers concerned. The MoEF, claimed sources in the ministry, was forced to accept the MoTA’s position and is working on a face-saver to modify its order.
The MoEF’s October 28 circular had given district collectors unilateral powers to sanction diversion of forest land in areas notified as forest after 1930, the cutoff date for forest rights, and with no record of tribal population as per Census 2001 and 2011. Under the FRA, tribals and other forest dwelling communities have traditional rights over forests and the power to decide, through gram sabhas, if they want to allow diversion of forest land.
In a veiled reference to the growing Left-wing extremism in the forested districts across India, the MoTA letter also pointed out: “The recent announcements… of the MoEFCC… have conveyed a message that the Government is against fair implementation of the FRA. This is not desirable in the interest of peace and governance in forest areas.”
Panda and Lavasa were unavailable for comments.
At an inter-ministerial meeting chaired by the MoEF secretary on September 25, the ministry proposed exclusion of forest land outside Schedule V (tribal-dominated) areas and those notified as forests after 1930 from the consent clause of the FRA.
In response, the MoTA wrote to the MoEF on October 21, pointing out that “no agency of the government has been vested with powers to exempt application of the act in portion or in full” and any alteration of an Act other than by an amendment passed in Parliament would not be legally tenable.
That did not stop the MoEF from issuing the October 28 order. Armed with the recommendation of the TSR Subramanian committee to exempt liner projects from gram sabha approvals, the government, it is learnt, now plans to bring an amendment bill in continued…

Letters to the editor: All faiths  notonePrint
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:46 am
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has sparked off a controversy by saying that the Bhagwat Gita should be made national scripture (‘Swaraj wants Gita made ”national scripture”’, IE, December 8). Our leaders forget that India is a secular, not a Hindu, nation. Such statements are a threat to the integrity of a diverse country. Moreover, national-scripture status is not needed to prove the power and piety of the Gita. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has taken great pains to shed his Hindutva image and is now accepted as a leader who stands for development. It is time he talked sense into leaders who practise the politics of divide and rule.
— Shiv Sethi
Ferozepur
A leader of Sushma Swaraj’s experience should know that our country is home to many faiths and communities. Our secularism lies in including all religions, as distinct from the Western model, which would exclude all. Moreover, politics and religion should be kept separate. Any mix of the two only complicates matters. The increasing intolerance and aggressiveness has demeaned our country. The Gita has its place, but in the halls of democracy, our secular and humane Constitution must be the only guide.
— Parthasarathy Sen
New Delhi
Loose talk
The disgusting comment made by the Union minister, Niranjan Jyoti, is yet another instance of the rhetorical misadventures that have dotted our politics recently. Rabble rousers from the Sangh Parivar have been making viciously communal remarks. What adds insult to injury is that BJP leaders, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi himself, have tried to downplay the minister’s gross misdemeanour. The combined opposition is fully justified in the stance it has taken in Parliament. The attempt to polarise Delhi politics was made with an eye on the assembly polls. Now, the whole nation watches with bated breath — is Modi in control of the Sangh Parivar or is it the other way around?
—  Shahabuddin Nadeem
Bangalore
Ties that bind
In keeping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s strategy, the BJP in Maharashtra had terminated its 25-year-old alliance with the Shiv Sena to go it alone in the state polls (‘Maharashtra: PIL in Bombay HC against Shiv Sena joining the BJP government’, IE, December 6). Despite a poor showing by the Congress and the NCP, it failed to get a majority. The BJP was cunning enough to warm up to the NCP, forcing the Shiv Sena into submission. Moreover, realising the NCP would be an unreliable ally, the BJP itself was forced to come to terms with the Shiv Sena.
— S.R. Purandare

BJP youth wing office-bearer shot dead on way to in-lawsplaceBy: Express News Service | Allahabad |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:43 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 8:38 am
An office- bearer of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) — the BJP youth wing — in Azamgarh was shot dead allegedly by unidentified assailants on his way to his in-laws’ house at Bahariabad area in Ghazipur district on Sunday afternoon.
Police said an old dispute may be the motive behind the incident, though the case was being investigated from all angles.
Awadhesh Rajbhar (26), son of Ram Janam Rajbhar — a resident of Sadi Sarai village in Azamgarh — was on his way to his in-laws’ house in a village under Nandganj police station area on his motorcycle.
His wife, Meena Rajbhar, and son Arush (18 months) were also with him.
As the motorcycle reached near a mazar in Bhawnrupur village at Bahariabad around 3 pm, two men riding a Pulsar motorcycle overtook Rajbhar’s vehicle. They then forced him to part with its keys.
When Rajbhar offered resistance, while one of them shot him in his chest, the other shot him in his head. Rajbhar died on the spot.
When his wife raised alarm, one of the assailants sped off with Rajbhar’s motorcycle. The police was informed. An FIR of murder and loot against unidentified persons has been registered on a complaint lodged by Meena.
The police have recovered an empty shell of 9 mm bullet and two magazines from the crime spot.
“Nobody has been specifically named in the FIR. It appears that the assailants decided to open fire when the young man offered resistance. This led to a commotion and people around the area began closing in. The assailants then opened fire and escaped after killing him,” said Bahariabad Station Officer Dharamvir Singh.
Rajbhar was the BJYM vice-president at Palhani block in Azamgarh. He used to work at a private motorcycle dealer in the district and reportedly held a black belt in karate. “He had bought the motorcycle only four to five days ago,” said Singh.
Ghazipur SP (City) Sunil Kumar Singh said: “The complainant has mentioned in the FIR that more than a month ago, Rajbhar had objected to a person eloping with a girl in a neighbouring village. This had led to an argument, in which the other party had threatened him of dire consequences. We are working on all possibilities. Special Operations Group personnel are also involved in the investigation.”

CM promises 24-hr power supply at 9 religiousspotsBy: Express News Service | Lucknow |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:38 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 12:42 am
Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday announced uninterrupted power supply to nine religious places in the state once feeder separation work is completed by March.
“Lots of people from the country and abroad come for pilgrimages to these religious places. We will provide 24-hour power supply,” Akhilesh said during a programme at his official residence to inaugurate a power sub-station.
The nine religious places are Kichaucha Shareef in Ambedkarnagar, Najeebabad in Bijnore, Dewa Shareef in Barabanki, Mathura, Vrindavan, Hastinapur, Panch Pyare in Meerut, Sarnath and Shrawasti.
Akhilesh also said that Union Power Minister Piyush Goyal had admitted during a meeting recently that UP has taken steps in the right direction to address the power crisis. “He had admitted that reforms in the power sector can happen the way we are going. We are not waiting for their schemes,” he said.
“During elections, one party had assured 24-hour power supply, but they were not aware of ‘katiya’ connections in UP. Those who used to make lofty promises are yet to do any work. We are doing lots of work, but are lagging in publicity,” he added.
During the function, Chief Secretary Alok Ranjan said that during 2007-12, only Rs 2,300 crore was spent on the power sector, while the Samajwadi Party government had already spent Rs 2,500 crore on the same since it came to power. He also said that more than 51 power sub stations are being set up every year now, while that number between 2007 and 2012 stood at only 17.
A short film, Har Gaon Bijli, Har Ghar Ujala, was also screened on the occasion. On SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav’s disapproval of such programmes, Ranjan clarified that these were only project inauguration events and not programmes to lay the foundation stone.
Akhilesh also handed over loans to several women’s self-help groups under the National Livelihood Mission.
Kannauj MP Dimple Yadav and several ministers, including Arvind Singh Gope, Shivpal Yadav, Awadesh Prasad, Ahmed Hasan, were also present. Hasan praised the law and order condition in the state, saying that thousands of women visited Lucknow Mahotsav at night recently and no untoward incident took place.
Several SP legislators were surprised when they were asked to take a seat among the audience, while Congress MLA Aradhana Mishra was seated on the stage.

http://usat.ly/1CZVJCxFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Apple, Amazon refuse to release federal diversity data
Some of tech's biggest companies will not release an annual form they file with the federal government each year.
Post to Facebook
Apple, Amazon refuse to release federal diversity data Some of tech's biggest companies will not release an annual form they file with the federal government each year. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CZVJCx
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
48
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Apple, Amazon refuse to release federal diversity data
Jessica Guynn , USATODAY 6:01 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
The Apple store on West 66th Street in New York City.
(Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images)
462 CONNECT 255 TWEET 63 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Apple and Amazon, two of technology's most powerful companies, are refusing to release federal data on the diversity of their workforces.
Spokeswoman Kristin Huguet declined to comment on why Apple would not release the data.
Amazon spokesman Ty Rogers did not respond to requests for comment.
For years, technology companies fought sharing any demographic information about their employees, claiming the information was a trade secret.
Apple, Google, Microsoft and other companies blocked the release of the data from the U.S. Department of Labor to news organizations such as the San Jose Mercury News that had filed public records requests.
Only in recent months have the industry's top companies opened up about the persistent lack of diversity in their ranks.
The Rev. Jesse Jackson, the civil rights leader who urged companies to release the data, says the tech industry is entering a new era of transparency.
But some companies are being more transparent than others.
Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos presents the company's first smartphone, the Fire Phone, on June 18 in Seattle.
(Photo: David Ryder, Getty Images)
American companies collect and report information about their workforces to the federal government each year in a form called the EEO-1.
The EEO-1 is a standard form that breaks down race, ethnicity and gender of workforces by job classification.
Facebook, eBay, Google, Yahoo and LinkedIn are among the technology companies that have made public their EEO-1s.
But other companies chose instead to provide less detailed broad strokes information such as the percentage of tech workers or company managers who are women or minorities.
Chief among the companies that decided not to disclose their EEO-1s were Microsoft, Twitter, Apple and Amazon.
USA TODAY asked the holdouts to produce the federal filings.
Twitter released its filing to the public late Friday.
Microsoft announced at last week's annual shareholder meeting that it would release its EEO-1 by the end of the month.
Technology companies frequently complain the job classifications in the EEO-1 don't match up with jobs in their industry.
But until the high-tech industry develops better standards to measure diversity, the EEO-1 is the best way to judge what kind of progress companies — and the industry — are making, says Rosalind Hudnell, Intel's vice president of human resources and chief diversity officer.
Diversity tops agenda in high-tech
Intel has been releasing its EEO-1 for a decade.
"I hope everyone eventually shares their EEO-1s," Hudnell said. "If we are going to commit as an industry to drive improvement in a collective fashion, we cannot do it with inconsistent data."
Stanford fellow Vivek Wadhwa says Apple and Amazon have a responsibility to the public to be more "publicly accountable for diversity."
Silicon Valley is pushing for more diversity as it caters to an increasingly diverse and global marketplace.
"This refusal shows that they have something to hide," said Wadhwa, author of Innovating Women: The Changing Face of Technology. "If they didn't have anything to hide, they would come clean."
462 CONNECT 255 TWEET 63 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CZVJCx
INEQUITY IN SILICON VALLEY
USA TODAY's series on Inequity in Silicon Valley explores the challenges facing the tech industry to increase the racial and ethnic diversity of its workforce.
Sponsored by
Lack of diversity could undercut Silicon Valley
The kickoff story in our series looks at how blacks and Hispanics are largely absent and women are underrepresented in Silicon Valley.
READ MORE
No boys allowed: Girls Who Code takes on gender gap
Launched in 2012, Girls Who Code's summer program has grown from 20 girls in one classroom to 380 girls in classrooms at 16 companies across the country. It's just one way the tech industry is beginning to tackle the diversity issue.
READ MORE
High-tech service workers are a growing underclass
A new and growing underclass work inside some of the world's wealthiest companies but are employed by outside contractors. They push mops and clean toilets. They cook and serve gourmet lunches. They patrol suburban office parks. They ferry technology workers to and from their jobs in luxury shuttle buses.
READ MORE
It's a long tiring haul for Silicon Valley's bus drivers
Bus drivers are among the most visible contract workers who work inside high-tech companies but are not on their payroll.
READ MORE
Facebook talked about ice buckets twice as much as Ferguson
The Ferguson, Mo., protests dominated Twitter for days this summer. Not so on Facebook. Facebook users engaged with the Ice Bucket Challenge viral fundraising phenomenon more than twice as much as they did the Ferguson protests in mid-August, data obtained by USA TODAY show.
READ MORE
High-tech pay gap: Minorities earn less in skilled jobs
Hispanics, Asians and blacks are not getting equal pay for equal work in the high-tech industry. That's the finding of new research that shows Hispanics earn $16,353 a year less on average than their colleagues who are not Hispanic.
READ MORE
Tech jobs: Minorities have degrees but don't get hired
Top universities turn out black and Hispanic computer science and computer engineering graduates at twice the rate that leading technology companies hire them, a USA TODAY analysis shows.
READ MORE
Magic Johnson can solve the high-tech diversity gap: Call him
Former NBA great turned businessman Earvin "Magic" Johnson says he has the solution to the severe shortage of blacks and Hispanics in high-tech: Just give him a call. As one of the highest-profile business owners in the African-American community, Johnson has worked with many companies on jobs outreach. And now he's offering to lend Silicon Valley a hand.
READ MORE
3 blacks, 1 Hispanic sit on major high-tech boards
Three blacks and one Hispanic sit on the boards of 20 major technology companies. That's according to the Rainbow PUSH Coalition, which surveyed the companies. In all, four out of 189 directors are black or Hispanic, the survey found.
USA TODAY
Tech pioneer Ken Coleman talks diversity
As a pioneering African-American in the land of tech, Ken Coleman has earned the respect of venture capitalists and the friendship of presidents. And yet as a black man in America, Coleman shudders when police lights flash.
"When I'm stopped I want to say, 'I'm not what you think, I've got an MBA, I live in Los Altos Hills, I own a home in Maui.' I want to say that," says Coleman, 69.

Santelli: Long-term yields lowersantelli: long-term yields lower
1 861 flights cancelled1 861 flights cancelled
Nursing student at AIIMS commits suicideNursing student at AIIMS commits suicide
Tainted Satyam founder Raju gets 6-month imprisonmentHi Guest
Tainted Satyam founder Raju gets 6-month imprisonment
A local court on Monday convicted Satyam founder B Ramalinga Raju, accused of one of the most sensational corporate frauds in the country, and others accused in connection with complaints filed by Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO). The court sentenced Raju and others to six months' jail term and imposed fines on all the accused. SFIO, the investigation arm of Union Corporate Affairs Ministry, had filed seven complaints against the erstwhile Satyam Computer Services Limited (SCSL) and ...

Uber model struggles in IndiaIndia rape claim puts Uber on defensive
Avantika Chilkoti — Mumbai, Amy Kazmin — New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/190ca268-7ee3-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ferrero to go local on non-existent hazelnutfarming'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
To source hazelnut — a key ingredient in its chocolates and Nutella spread — domestically, world’s third largest chocolate-maker Ferrero plans to soon launch a demo plantation drive in Himachal Pradesh.
As of now, hazelnut is not produced in India and the company is dependent on imports to meet its demand.
Domestically sourced hazelnuts will not only cut down on its import cost but also give farmers an exposure to a new commercially viable product.
Laying down the details, Ferrero India Private Limited secretary general Inder Chopra said the company will provide saplings, know-how, technical support and offer a buyback programme, so that the whole package is be available to the farmers.
Even though hazelnut is not produced in India, a wild variant is found in Jammu and Kashmir, primarily used as cattlefeed on account of its poor quality.
The company plans to graft J&K variant with its plants, and develop a robust variety of hazelnuts. “We have urged the Himachal government to set up a demo plantation and let farmers see it for themselves,” said Chopra.
Initially, the company would provide 500 saplings for its first commercial cultivation demonstration.
It is the second most expensive nut and needs cold and hilly terrain with a few days of sub-zero temperature. Therefore, Himachal Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir make the best choice in India. It takes three to five years for hazelnut plants to grow and yield fruit.
The company will also participate in a national consultative meeting on hazelnuts to be held at the Horticulture University in Solan, Himachal Pradesh, on December 9.
On other hand, even the state government is keen on diversifying its portfolio from being solely dependent on apple production. Last year, Ferrero had purchased 85,000 metric tonne of hazelnuts for use in Ferrero Rocher chocolates and Nutella spread.
Once the company starts Nutella production in India, it will have to import more hazelnuts, said Chopra. Import is, however, not a cheaper option as duty on hazelnut is 30%. Chopra says, the import duty needs to be lowered to 10% as the volume of hazelnut imports is insignificant.
Ferrero sources hazelnut from Turkey, world’s largest producer of hazelnut with a 70% market share. Italy has a 12% share while 6% share is with the US. Azerbaijan, China, Iran and Spain also grow hazelnuts. Ferrero bought a procuring and processing unit in Turkey eight months ago. It also has its own plantations in Chile across 3,000 hectares. There has been a hazelnut crop failure in Turkey which has taken the global hazelnut prices to around  US $ 8 from around US $ 5.
More from commodities
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

Teeing off at the worlds largest golf courseShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
China's golfing ambitions
Dec 5, 2014 : Chinese teenager Ye Wocheng is the latest young golfer to try his luck on the world stage. He learned the game at the world's largest golf club, Mission Hills, in Shenzhen. The FT's Demetri Sevastopulo looks at how the sport is developing in China.
Credits: Filmed and produced by Tom Griggs.

Five ways to combat an online shopping addiction5 Ways to Combat an Online Shopping Addiction
By Morgan Quinn | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Tue 2 Dec, 2014 7:55 PM IST
Print
Many of us might joke about our shopping addictions or be quick to call someone a "shopaholic," but to the truly afflicted, the issue is no laughing matter.
Oniomania is the technical term for the compulsive desire to shop, which manifests itself as a preoccupation with buying and engaging in shopping despite the negative consequences. Shopping addicts are no different from other addicts in that they experience extreme highs followed by severe lows -- feelings of depression, anger, stress, disappointment and guilt. The addiction is a dangerous threat to a person's physical and emotional health, personal relationships, financial status and professional life.
Oniomania was first described over a century ago, but there was little interest in exploring it further. Only in the last decade has the condition become more recognized and monitored, and there is growing evidence that as much as 8.9 percent of the American population is affected by the addiction.
The rise of e-commerce sites, online auctions, flash sale and deal-a-day sites, and readily available credit have made online shopping a compulsive and especially dangerous habit for many consumers . Online shopping is an anonymous experience, and without handing over cash, it's easy to feel like you aren't really spending money.
If you are struggling with online shopping compulsion, here are some tips to help combat the problem:
1. Unsubscribe from all promotional emails.
When you get a promotional email, do not click on "display the images." Instead, go straight to the unsubscribe link within the message. Do not mark these emails as "spam" or "trash" -- that won't stop them. Unsubscribe from every single promotional email you receive, especially coupon, flash sale and auction sites, which are some of the most addictive shopping experiences.
2. Block Internet access to your favorite sites.
You can restrict your computer from accessing certain sites by blocking them on your preferred browser. You can go through the entire operating system or network router, or you can use web-filtering software to automatically block them for you. A service like OptenetPC acts as a bouncer between your computer and the Internet; it completely blocks you from accessing certain sites. Simply pick which kind of sites you want to block (shopping, pornography and violence are just a few options), and let a friend choose the password so you won't be tempted to disable it.
If that's too extreme an option, try a basic monitoring system like Covenant Eyes on your computer. The tool monitors websites visited and search terms used and lists them in a simple, easy-to-read report. Designate a trusted friend or family member, and give that person access to the site to keep you accountable for your online activity.
Make sure you also clear your cookies and cache regularly to avoid falling victim to retargeting advertisements -- where retailers follow your online behavior and continuously serve up ads promoting their products.
3. Delete shopping apps from mobile devices.
Shopping apps are particularly dangerous for all consumers -- not just addicts. Just visit a site like appcrawlr.com and read the reviews on the most popular shopping apps. You'll see testimonials like, "My online shopping addictions is totally optimized by this app," and "I'm starting to think convenience is contributing to my shopping addiction."
And that's exactly right -- shopping apps make it way too convenient to spend money online. There is little opportunity to contemplate purchases, and the trigger for the addiction is right at your fingertips -- it often takes just one or two clicks to complete a sale. Delete any and all shopping apps from your mobile devices. You don't need them.
4. Retrain your brain.
Retail therapy is very real. A study last year from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business showed that going shopping and choosing to buy something actually reduces sadness in people. And another 2013 survey of 1,000 adults by The Huffington Post found that 1 in 3 people shop to deal with stress.
Instead of relying on retail therapy to lift your mood , teach your brain to seek out a different experience. What emotion is driving the compulsion? Are you feeling sad or out of control? Are you just looking for a thrill? Identify the negative feeling, and look for an alternative solution. Many experts and recovering addicts recommend self-soothing techniques such as exercising, calling a friend, writing, reading a book, repeating positive affirmations or even volunteering for a charity to beat the blues.
There's also an online shopping addiction app called Placebo Effect, which started through crowdfunding on Indiegogo. The app creates inspiring messages featuring the faces of your loved ones to help you rethink your spending habits. An app for online shopping addiction may seem a little out there, but the idea of surrounding yourself with positive messages and inspiring people might be the fix you need.
5. Get help.
Like any other addiction, compulsive shopping can be managed successfully with treatment, therapy and support groups. Surround yourself with people who can relate to your experience and provide guidance. Also get involved with helping others as a way to keep yourself accountable and committed to recovery.
Moneysmartlatina.com founder Athena Lent used to have a shopping addiction and admits she did a lot of impulse shopping when she was younger. "Only when I got to the bottom of my issues of what my problem was did it get better, which included therapy and meds to regulate anxiety and depression," Lent says. "I still have to be really careful with my money, but learning about personal finance and budgeting, having support and using coping mechanisms help tremendously." Today, she uses her experience to teache others how to get their spending under control.
If you are struggling with shopping compulsion contact a support site like Debtors Anonymous to get help.
Morgan Quinn is a writer for GoBankingRates.com , a leading source for the best savings account rates, CD rates, personal finance news and more.
More From US News & World Report

India the last bastion of growth  says Credit SuisseIndia the last bastion of growth, says Credit Suisse
Malini Bhupta | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 12:44 AM IST
After Monday's 263-point fall in the Sensex, the naysayers will again question the sustainability of a rally in stocks. With Indian equities trading at a year forward price-to-earnings (P-E) ratio of 17.1 per cent, significantly higher than the 10-year average, some experts are questioning if a bubble has already formed.
There is no doubt that Indian markets have run up much ahead of anticipation. The reason is the market is willing to pay a premium for India’s potential growth, not only the present earnings growth.
Stock markets are like any other marketplace where investors pay for growth. There is no definite math to determine how much price investors should pay for present or potential growth.
Even as the rest of the world — some of the commodity-exporting emerging markets included — is struggling with low single-digit growth, India looks promising
Credit Suisse, like research arms of many other global investment banks, has come out with a report titled “2015 Outlook: Growth at any price?” on the outlook for next year.
Neelkanth Mishra and Ravi Shankar of Credit Suisse say: “With nearly three-fifths of the strong 2014 market performance in India coming from an increase in P-E multiples, questions on sustainability are justified. However, in a world struggling for growth (CY15 growth to be only marginally better than the anaemic CY14), India stands out. Promising medium-term prospects come from an extremely low base, and a stark improvement in state-level governance.”
The brokerage's India economists, C S economists, project the country to see the fastest nominal GDP growth in dollar terms in 2015, and the growth gap between India and the rest of the world expanding.
Given the widening differential in growth between India and the rest of the world, investors are likely to continue to pay a premium for growth and the market is not expensive yet, says Credit Suisse. Corproate India's earnings trajectory is also expected to see strongest growth with the least severe downward revisions.
Even among other emerging markets like Brazil, Russia and China, India stands out because of its remarkably low base. This will make India the fastest-growing economy in the world in 2015. However, Credit Suisse is recommending stocks with a strong earnings visibility, as the nature of growth in India has not changed meaningfully.
Credit Suisse's top picks are Gujarat Pipavav, Havell's, HCL Tech, HDFC Bank, Kajaria, Maruti, STFC and Sun Pharma. It's least preferred stocks are Bharti, BHEL, SBI and Tata Steel.
Credit Suisse TOP PICKS -- Gujarat Pipavav, Havell's, HCL Tech, HDFC Bank, Kajaria, Maruti, STFC and Sun Pharma

Happy New Year  at the Marrakech film festivalCelebrity
'Happy New Year' at the Marrakech film fest
Making its mark at the box-office worldwide and its screenplay making its way to the Oscar Library, "Happy New Year" was invited to the 14th edition of Marrakech International Film Festival.
The Red Chillies Entertainments Pvt. Ltd.'s film, directed by Farah Khan and starring Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Sonu Sood, Boman Irani and Vivaan Shah, were officially ... more 
The Red Chillies Entertainments Pvt. Ltd.'s film, directed by Farah Khan and starring Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Sonu Sood, Boman Irani and Vivaan Shah, were officially invited in the out-of-competition section at the upcoming festival. less 
1 / 30

5 Exciting Startups to Inspire Any Entrepreneur in 2015reddit
In 2009, when the Great Recession really got rolling and layoffs were abundant, there was a silver lining. A lot of wannabe entrepreneurs got the kick in the pants they needed to start their business. It's one of the things that has led to  healthy startup ecosystems in many large American cities, as well as others around the world.
Even though the vast majority of startups fail ( three out of four ), and the number of high tech startups being formed is in slow decline, there are always exceptions; those companies with explosive growth.
Heading into 2015, there are many vibrant startups to watch. Whether it's home automation or the sharing economy, and whether you're an investor or an aspiring entrepreneur yourself, let these small businesses inspire you in the coming year.
1. Text No More
There are a number of apps to help prevent distracted driving, but Text No More gives users rewards every time they activate the app behind the wheel. Just make sure you turn on the app before you turn on your car. You give the app your estimated driving time, and it shuts down all notifications for that duration. You receive rewards like free coffee or discounts to restaurants. According to the government site  Distraction.gov , texting and driving is just as risky as drinking and driving. In fact, taking your eyes off the road long enough to read a short text means you can drive the length of a football field blind going at highway speed.
25% of teen drivers will reply to a text while driving. #distracteddriving http://t.co/N9goF4AGle pic.twitter.com/jLyNMKYG6S
— Bergener & Assoc. (@BergenerLaw) November 25, 2014
2. Listia
A quickly growing player in the sharing economy, Listia is a P2P marketplace for trading goods. You can post items you no longer use for free, trade with other members for items you actually want or need, and generally contribute to a lighter carbon footprint. The sharing economy minimizes manufacturing and mass logistics so you can save money while greening up the environment . There are hundreds of these companies popping up, including massive ones you may have heard of like Uber and Airbnb.
3. OneLogin
Can't remember your dozens of passwords and usernames? OneLogin gives users the option for single identity management for any app in the cloud. It allows employees of big companies to securely access online company infrastructure. OneLogin has received more than $18 million in funding and has become a leader in the online security arena, with some of the biggest companies in the world now as clients.
4. SmartThings
Launched from a Kickstarter campaign in 2012, and raising $1.2 million from a $250,000 goal, 2015 is poised to be a breakout year for SmartThings. The company is a veritable pioneer in the machine-to-machine technology and do-it-yourself home-automation space. The 'Internet of things' (IoT), or smart devices that share information with one another, is expected to be a $19 trillion industry . By 2020, more than 50 billion devices are projected to be connected to the Internet, with IoT expected to be in full force by 2025.
The SmartThings Know and Control Your Home Kit, which includes the hub controller, two SmartSense Presence Sensors, two open/close vibration and temperature sensors (SmartSense Multi), a Jasco Appliance Module (smart power outlet), and a SmartSense Motion Sensor, received four out of five stars in a recent review from the highly authoritative and respected PC Mag.
Post by SmartThings .
5. Venmo
This little company is trying to  kill cash . Braintree acquired Venmo for $26 million in 2012. Then, PayPal bought Braintree for $800 million in 2013. Now PayPal says it's going to spin off its "payments division," which includes Venmo, sometime next year. In the meantime, Venmo has grown fast, as it sparked the interest of millennials who like the way they can share their payments using a social media-style wall.
Takeaways
Do you think 2015 is your year for entrepreneurship? These companies provide quite a bit in terms of inspiration for your own endeavors.
Start your journey by scoring free resources at your local Small Business Administration (SBA) office and getting creative when it comes to  funding sources . From Kickstarters to crowdsourcing, there's more than one way to achieve that American dream. Make this year your time to step away from the well-trodden corporate path.
Follow Andre Bourque on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SocialMktgFella
More:

Energy Stocks Lead an Early Decline as Oil SinksIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

How to Turn Your Brand Into a Social Crusadereddit
Today, successful brands create social movements around themselves: the key proposition is not 'buy me' but rather, 'join me.'  That is particularly crucial in highly competitive and commoditized markets where performance is just the price of admission and customers increasingly make decisions based on emotional factors.  Winning brands excite customers to care about them in non-rational ways, based on how the brand makes them feel and how it syncs with their personal values.  So, how do you turn your brand into a rallying cry, and more importantly, what do you do when your potential customers are indifferent or simply don't care about you?  It's the marketing challenge of our times.
It's well understood that we live in the era of the empowered consumer.  As the thinking goes, with all the information in the world at their fingertips, better-informed consumers can now make much smarter, more discerning buying decisions.  The premise: offer a well-priced, superior product or service and consumers will eventually sort through the data, figure that out and prefer you.  But, it's a false premise.  In reality, today's consumers are more often overwhelmed by too much information and too many choices, and information overload usually results in analysis paralysis.  In other words, when in doubt consumers opt out.
Moreover, particularly in the tech world I come from, many companies (especially B2B) sell with cold logic while customers at even the highest corporate levels buy with emotion--usually fear or ambition (remember the old saw, "no one ever got fired buying IBM?").
However, what truly is empowering about these times is that consumers have access to what really moves them: social proof . Yes, as it has always been, consumers look around at others for their buying cues.  Real user ratings and P2P recommendations are powerful influences, and so are valued associations (celebrities for example) and expert or curated endorsements.  In an age of abundant information, consumers don't trust themselves and don't want to be the one dummy who bought wrong.   Yet another recent study found that 80% of US online adults credit communication with people they know personally for helping them discover new brands, products, or services. Of those, 94% actually purchased or tried a new brand or product after hearing about it from a friend.
This dynamic continues to frustrate marketers because it means traditional mass media "carpet-bombing" methods don't work anymore.  Spending a ton of resources in a mass attempt to shape individual choice is usually a waste of money today.  What most marketers haven't come to grips with in the post-mass media age is that memes are nearly impossible to start, but movements are easier than ever.  That's because social media is the perfect tool to scale a few diehard believers into a mass action.  The real goal of marketing now is to spark a movement that snowballs a few true believers into millions of vocal devotees.   For this, marketers need to borrow heavily from a new inspiration: the political uprising.
Mobile, always-on, user-generated social platforms are a social revolutionary's wet dream.  One can only imagine what Mao or Che would have done with Instagram or Twitter.  Social and political movements grow when regular people evangelize a cause to others.   Thanks to the high adoption rates of social channels, grassroots movements are relatively cheap and easy to launch - but the triggers must be powerful ideas delivered by true believers in well-structured narratives.
Here are a few drills I run brands through:
Polarize the market: Force people to take sides. The best brands do not try to be everything to everybody--they courageously stand for something unique and occupy a distinct market position by turning off some in order to gain many others.   So-called "high dispersion" brands cultivate a rabid consumer fan base precisely because they also have haters.  Rather than placate detractors, provoke them.  Haters serve a great purpose when they make your fans even more entrenched and more likely to come to your defense in social media settings.  Starbucks is a good example of a polarizing brand.  People either love them or hate them.  Do they drive some to patronize a Caribou and Peets?  Sure.  But these days communities around the world consider it a badge of honor when a Starbucks opens up on one (or several) of their corners.  Don't be afraid to piss some people off if you want a loyal love base.
Foment dissent. There's a political construct called the Davies' J-Curve of Rising Expectations that helps predict revolutions.  When the trajectory of rising expectations of a populous exceeds reality by just enough, people will spill out onto the streets in rebellion.  Similarly, you can upset an entrenched market or unseat the incumbent leader by relentlessly raising consumer expectations of something better thereby stirring general dissatisfaction.  People don't know what they want until you tell them they aren't getting it.  It is usually not about features and benefits - competitors will quickly catch up on those - it's about a different world view and better way of doing things. In early 2014 Jeff Bezos got the world and Wall Street buzzing about his " delivery drone " idea.  Suddenly it became a canon of online retailing that overnight delivery is just too slow and this plays well into Amazon's coming strategies for same day delivery services (granted, via more conventional means).  The vehicles for fomenting dissent are industry speeches, press interviews, 'leaked' development plans, manifestos, and white papers.
Create public 'rallies.' Nothing excites a throng like being part of a collective happening.  Crowds are good.  Crowds draw crowds.  It's the most primal form of social proof--people voting with their feet.  I have created quite a hubbub at massive, noisy events like CES simply by visibly staging a nerd-magnet like Marvel legend Stan Lee in my booth and allowing the photo opp line go on for miles through the hall.  Crowds produce a visceral effect you feel in the gut.  Apple stores get a lot of love for their innovative design and layout, but the biggest advantage is they are compact, open, visible from outside the store and they always seem crowded.  And what better show of devotion than a camped-out line forming around the block for days before a new iPhone release?  Foster more public assemblies so people see for themselves that it's cool to join your movement.
Overthrow somebody. Many markets have a tyrant - the complacent market leader milking the last vestiges of the status quo thereby slowing sector innovation and industry progress.  For challenger brands it is immensely useful to position the competitive battle as a moral clash against an anti-hero.  This anti-establishment position lets you quickly build a solid little army of malcontents, refuseniks, and complainers in a pitched resistance front against Big Leader.  As much as it promotes the inherent economic and environmental benefits of solar energy, Solar City in California probably sells more home energy units based on universal consumer hate for soulless utility monopoly Pacific Gas & Electric.  To many of their customers, the prospect of flipping the bird to PG&E may be more satisfying than lower energy bills.
Appeal to what people really care about. At a tech conference I recently hosted in Silicon Valley, Twitter founder Biz Stone told the audience that "the future of marketing is philanthropy."  Stone went on to explain why he believes connecting with consumers' true passions at a deeper level is the next big thing for all businesses in our socially-networked age. "Young people are attracted to meaning. People want to work at a company that they know also has some sort of cause associated with it -- like a double bottom line. Consumers want to buy products and use services from companies with a double bottom line.  Young people want to make a difference."    Unless you're in the business of feeding the hungry, curing the sick or freeing the enslaved, your product or service won't on its own have a moral imperative worthy of a crusade.  But you can triangulate to connect with customers' true passions.   Companies like Toms shoes, eyewear maker Warby Parker and Boxed Water turn every purchase into something more profound.  For example, if you sell bikes, odds are good that your customers are natural fans of the planet -- a good place from which to build a brand movement.
Follow Tom Hayes on Twitter: www.twitter.com/tombomb
More:

Executive Burnout: Don t Pick a Fight You Will Losereddit
Billions of dollars are spent on perks, incentives and professional development every year to keep executives and their teams excited, engaged and high performing.  The intention is to get them to achieve their goals and beyond, be more creative, beat the competition, become faster and more intelligent with technology and essentially gain larger market share.  Expensive perks and incentives, while may make the executives feel important, keep them focused and push them to more success, do not solve the problem of exhaustion and burnout they experience as a result. Burnout has proven to lead to illness, relationship problems, other stress-related issues and untimely death.  In the article, When Executives Burnout, published in the Harvard Business Review, Harry Levinson talks about how 15 years ago the concept of burnout was still very new and how extreme feelings of stress among executives today are pervasive and growing worse.
In the past several years, I have continued to coach executives through our Mindfulness programs and private coaching. During this time, I have encountered hundreds of executives. Some exhausted and at the end of their ropes.  Many lost faith that their hard work, creativity and dedication could bring them happiness. In subtle or explicit ways they express their desire to leave the corporate world for a better quality, less demanding life.  A life they can actually feel as though they have the right and more importantly the permission to be content.  To have time and a clear mind so they can be loving and attentive to their children and spouses.  To not have to be driven by the underlying horror that if they didn't continue to succeed they would lose their job, relationships, health and self-esteem.  Some enter the program or class almost hopeless having heard that mindfulness can help deter themselves from their path to destruction.
During the course of their mindfulness practice, the first thing that shifts is their perspective. They learn that they do not need to be in conflict with everything that goes wrong or differently than they had planned for.  They learn to see the harm in self-criticism and become compassionate towards their own selves and others.  This does not mean that they would be less driven, but that they do not have to be upset in order to solve something that goes wrong.
One client reported after only two sessions of private coaching that he went into an important audit meeting and announced that he wasn't going to be upset throughout the meeting and no one believed him.  He was able to go through four hours of discussion and problem solving without one bit of anger or frustration, which baffled everyone in the room.  He had understood that not only it is not necessary to be angry and demonstrate outrage in order to make a point, but also that his anger or inner conflict was the cause of his tension headaches. He was given daily mindfulness meditation homework, which he diligently had done.  The best characteristic of executives and successful people is that they are serious about success and they will do what is necessary to make it happen.  He had done even more sessions than I had asked him to do.  So when I showed him that the "happening" of things is not something he could fight and win, he was able to see it.
I showed him this by a simple demonstration.  Holding my phone between my fingers I asked what would happen if I open my fingers? He said, "The phone would drop." So, I opened my fingers and dropped the phone on the carpeted ground. While he was looking at the phone with surprise I said, let say this was a very important object that just fell and got ruined.  When you get angry and frustrated with this incident you are going to war with the actual act, the happening, of the incident and asked him, do you think you could win the war and conflict with the actual act of the object having fallen? This highly intelligent, highly successful, top of his class executive was not one who would pick a fight he wouldn't win.  He immediately got it.  He completely understood that most of the stress and anxiety he experiences is caused by his own unachievable expectation that things shouldn't happen. Continuing with his daily mindfulness practice and with several other coaching sessions he has remained calm in the face of all happenings and just tends to the next step, saving his own health from jeopardy, his team a lot of grief and his family from his anger.  We explored the added amount of happiness he has also brought to his environment at home and at work.  It's been great.
Training for the new habit of recognizing where most of your attention is spent and recognizing your perceptions and expectations for what they are is essential to managing stress as well as success in all aspects of your life.
To train your attention try a simple exercise. Right now, stop for a minute and shift your attention to a neutral place, such as the gentle process of breathing in your body.  Experience your chest rising and falling, belly move in and out, rib cage expand and contract. Do this for three inhales and exhales and then continue reading.
Though simple, this task is not easy because you are not used to doing it. It takes time, patience and repetition.  The result is that by shifting your attention to a neutral place, you can also see what else is going on around the neutral object. When we are lost in thoughts or worries we are not aware of much else and we can take things personal and not see that the "happening of it" is a natural phenomena.  When we are able to see this truth then our choices and actions become wiser and more strategically effective.
For more information on what mindfulness is and free guided mindfulness meditation download Dr. Motaghy's Free podcasts here: http://www.podcastgarden.com/podcast/mindfulvalley
Follow Manijeh Motaghy on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drmanijehmotagh
More:

Fight for What We Care forreddit
More than a year ago, Donna and I lost our beloved son, Stephen, who had been diagnosed in his teens with a rare mitochondrial disease that slowly cost him his eyesight, his hearing, his strength, and finally, his life.
Since then, I have not stopped asking questions. I have not given up on a cure. I want answers. I wanted to know about the disease that took my son's life. For anyone who has lost a loved one to an illness, I send the message to keep pushing and to never accept "no" as the first answer to a cure.
My continuous search for answers resulted in a collaboration that was rare in the medical community. Our foundation gave an endowment to three separate institutions - Columbia University, Massachusetts General Hospital and the Mayo Clinic - for Mitochondrial Disorder clinical research. However, there was a big stipulation. As part of the agreement, these doctors from different institutions were encouraged to work together by meeting regularly and sharing data. This type of collaboration is unusual. It is not very often that medical institutions have worked together and shared data during research.
I felt really strongly about these institutions working together because I believe collaboration stimulates discussion and gets results. I have always implemented this at Marriott, and I hope others will be challenged to create similar models to fast-track resolving issues in many fields, especially medicine.
We used to say 1+1=2, but with collaboration, I've seen 1+1=5. Embrace working with others, because in the end, we all have the same goal: fight for what we care for.
While this research will not directly benefit my son, who has passed away, I hope a cure can be found to help others.
I have not given up, and I don't plan to.
I'm Bill Marriott and thanks for helping me keep Marriott on the Move.
This first appeared on MarriottOnTheMove.com
More:

Satyam founder Raju gets 6-mth sentence in S...CBI court
(Raju and some of the directors…)
HYDERABAD: A special court for economic offences in Hyderabad sentenced Satyam Computer founder Ramalinga Raju and his younger brother in India's largest accounting fraud to six months of jail each in four cases and ordered a penalty of Rs 5 lakh each in two cases. This is one of the cases related to the Satyam Computer accounting fraud.
Announcing the judgement in cases filed by the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO), judge M Lakshman provided relief to the Raju brothers by directing that jail sentences in all cases will run concurrently.
The court also gave four weeks to the accused to appeal in the highest court against orders pertaining to alleged violation of company law provisions. The public prosecutor acting on behalf of SFIO, C Raghu, said a sixmonth sentence was the longest tenure under the Companies Act and Raju and his younger brother Rama Raju got the highest punishment among the other accused.
Trial in several cases filed by various regulatory bodies are going on in various courts, while the one by the CBI court completed its trial and reserved its orders for December 23. The special court has directed the former directors on the Satyam Computer board to cough up benefits running into crores of rupees they obtained during their tenure as directors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Video: The V-22 Osprey aircraft can now be armed with rocketsBy Dan Lamothe December 8 Follow @danlamothe
The V-22 Osprey aircraft has been used by U.S. troops in combat situations for years, including the failed effort Saturday to rescue two hostages from militants in Yemen . But the Osprey has always been considered lightly armed compared to most other military helicopters, with a machine gun mounted to its rear door typically its only heavy weapon .
The maker of the Osprey, Bell Boeing, just took a major step to change that. The company said Monday it has successfully fired forward-facing rockets from a pod mounted to the aircraft’s side. The testing was carried out in November at the U.S. Army Proving Ground in Yuma, Ariz., and showed “the V-22 can be armed with a variety of forward-facing munitions, and can hit their targets with a high degree of reliability,” said Vince Tobin, Bell Boeing’s vice president and program manager for the V-22.
The company released the video above along with several photos of the rockets getting fired from an MV-22 Osprey used by Marines:
This V-22 Osprey was used to successfully test-fire forward-facing rockets last month, Bell Boeing said. (Bell Boeing photo)
This V-22 Osprey was used to successfully test-fire forward-facing rockets last month, Bell Boeing said. (Bell Boeing photo)
This V-22 Osprey was used to successfully test-fire forward-facing rockets last month, Bell Boeing said. (Bell Boeing photo)
Rockets have been fired from helicopters like the Cobra and Huey for years, carrying out airstrikes and providing firepower to combat troops caught in firefights on the ground. The Osprey frequently flies in formation with attack helicopters and is often used to swoop in and drop off or pick up troops in combat. Speed is typically its biggest asset — with “tilt-rotor” propellers that rotate forward, it can land like a helicopter, but transition in the air to fly more quickly like an airplane and get out of harm’s way faster.
Tobin said the installation of rockets will reduce the Osprey’s reliance on short-range attack aircraft and the “forward arming and refueling points” they need.
“Without the need for FARPs,” Tobin said, “V-22s can be launched more frequently, and on shorter notice.”
The Marine Corps has more than 240 Ospreys, and has flown them in Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya, among other locations. Air Force Special Operations Command has more than 40 of them, Bell Boeing said.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

The National Bank of Ukraine Has Lost Its Independence. It Must Get It Back.reddit
The National Bank of Ukraine (NBU), Ukraine's central bank, is no longer in control of the monetary and financial situation in the country. The Ukrainian currency -- the hryvnia -- has lost 19 percent of its value in the last five weeks. Consumer prices are nearly 22 percent higher than a year ago. The banking system is rapidly becoming insolvent: More than half of all bank loans are deemed to be non-performing, while both domestic and foreign deposits needed to fund these loans have been leaving the banks.
Meanwhile, the NBU has little net international reserves and lacks credibility. Net international reserves are probably down to hundreds of millions of dollars while the new IMF money is not expected to arrive until the end of January at the earliest. As for the NBU's credibility, murky bank recapitalization deals, half-baked administrative measures, and communication mishaps have eroded public trust in the institution.
All of this was quite predictable. The NBU is no longer in control of the monetary and financial situation because it has lost its independence.
In all honesty, the NBU has never been truly independent. But in the past it had enough of both dollars and "tricks" to remain in control. Now the dollars are nearly gone and the tricks are too risky to continue playing (the previous first deputy governor is under arrest). As a result, the country's monetary and financial system is pretty much on its own.
The clearest sign of how subservient the NBU has become to the politicians occurred at the end of September when the country's president gathered the country's top commercial bankers and businessmen, told them where he wanted the exchange rate level to be (presumably he and the country's Prime Minister needed a stable exchange rate in the run up to the parliamentary elections), and then slammed his fist on the table. The official exchange rate did stay at the level ordered by the President until the parliamentary elections were over. Hundreds of millions of scarce dollars were wasted to keep it there.  The president's and the prime minister's parties did really well. One week after the elections, the hryvnia promptly lost over 14 percent of its value in a single week.
When a country's central bank is not independent, it is expected to print money, cover fiscal deficits, burn international reserves, and subsidize select banks when directed to do so by politicians. Politicians have short-term goals: They need to win elections, give away perks and privileges to remain influential, fight enemies foreign and domestic, and just plain look "powerful" (which involves slamming fists on tables from time to time). Yet, time and again this leads to runaway inflation, depreciating currency, fiscal insolvency, debt overhang, and, most importantly, long-term economic problems.
The economic name for one of the biggest long-term problems is called "a decrease in aggregate supply." There are literally hundreds of years of accumulated economic wisdom behind this idea with lots of models and formulas, but basically it means that the economy on the whole decides to produce less and sell at higher prices. This is what's happening in Ukraine right now: a steep decline in real GDP accompanied by a rise in consumer prices.
Sometimes "a decrease in aggregate supply" happens due to external reasons through no fault of any policymaker: a hurricane destroys the tourism infrastructure of a tropical island and the remaining supplies end up costing more; or a global financial crisis wipes out shaky local banks and whatever lending resources remain get pricier. In Ukraine, this is certainly a part of the problem. An unfriendly foreign neighbor has been methodically destroying the country's productive capacity and making resources (especially energy) more costly.
But submitting to the short-term goals of the politicians is a much bigger issue. Why? Because an independent central bank would be able to gather resources and confidence to deal with the "negative shocks to aggregate supply," while a subservient central bank would not. An independent central bank can credibly stimulate lending by local banks by channeling domestic monetary resources to them and making sure they put these resources to productive use in the economy. An independent central bank can credibly attract foreign investors and their financial resources to supplement domestic efforts. An independent central bank can convince the IMF to make the stabilization program more flexible so private credit continues to flow to the economy. An independent central bank can credibly set expectations about future inflation and interest rates, so businesses can plan ahead, invest, produce, and sell. An independent central bank can also really help to deal with Ukraine's other long-term economic problem, the so-called "decrease in aggregate demand" or a lukewarm desire of the economy as a whole to buy goods and services due to uncertainty, corruption, and incompetent government tinkering.
A central bank that's not independent will not be believed and will fail to gather the necessary resources and command the confidence to do any of that. A subservient central bank will just sit there quietly while politicians slam their fists on the table and then pretend that it is still in control by putting in place a succession of increasingly ineffective administrative measures.
The NBU does not have to be subservient. By the Law 'On the National Bank of Ukraine' (in the official translation), "the main function of the National Bank is to ensure stability of the monetary unit of Ukraine," not to please its president or the prime minister. The same law mandates that in order to achieve its main function, the NBU must fulfill four specific policy objectives listed in the following order of priority: (1) achieve and maintain price stability, (2) promote the stability of the banking system, (3) promote the sustainability of economic growth, (4) support ("second" in the official translation) economic policies of the executive.
Right now, it looks like the NBU has got its priorities backwards: it supports the economic policies of the executives first and looks after the price stability last. As a result, "the stability of the monetary unit of Ukraine" is in jeopardy.
The NBU must get its independence back. The first step in this direction is to publicly acknowledge that it has got its priorities mixed up and to ask the public for forgiveness. The second step is to get rid of some of the more notorious operational practices to signal that it will not go back to its old habits. The third step is to immediately set up a high-level search committee to look for people with global credibility to run the NBU (no more Russian headhunters, please). The search committee should identify and attract experienced professionals who would be able to put in place and maintain a credible independent monetary policy, no matter how loudly local politicians bang on the table.
As a recent example, the Bank of England (established in 1694) became independent in 1997. In 2012, it became widely perceived that the Bank's management knew about but failed to deal with the manipulation of the Libor benchmark interest rates set by the British Bankers Association. In 2013, there was a change in the Bank's management. The Bank's current governor is a Canadian; its nine-person Monetary Policy Committee includes nationals of Egypt and the United States.
Disclaimer: These are my personal views. I am not affiliated with the government of Ukraine in any official capacity. I do not hold any financial or business interests related to Ukraine. I did not receive any remuneration for this opinion piece. I do not have anything personal against any policymakers in Ukraine. I did not use any proprietary information for this piece. I do not wish any current NBU officials to be politically or criminally persecuted as a result of my opinions (for it would make the country's central bank even less independent, not more).
More:

TONY GENTILE / Reuterstony gentile / reuters
Rape by Uber cabbie puts spotlight on poor implementation of normsRape by Uber cabbie puts spotlight on poor implementation of norms
SpiceJet cancels 1861 flights across the country till December 31SpiceJet cancels 1861 flights across the country till December 31
Curiosity Rover finds new indications there used to be water on MarsBy Rachel Feltman December 8 Follow @rachelfeltman
This illustration depicts a lake partially filling Mars' Gale Crater, receiving runoff from snow melting on the crater's northern rim. (NASA/JPL-Caltech/ESA/DLR/FU Berlin/MSSS)
New information from NASA's Curiosity Rover suggests that Mars may once have had large, long-lasting lakes above ground. That would challenge the more popular theory that water on the planet was only underground, or only appeared in a few areas for a short amount of time.
The key to this latest theory is Mount Sharp, which stands 3 miles tall and sits in the red planet's Gale Crater. But Mount Sharp is a curious formation: The layered mountain is made of different kinds of sediment. Some layers were probably deposited by a surrounding lake bed, and other seem more likely to be the result of river or wind deposits.
An illustration of Gale Crater filling with sediment from deltas, wind, and lake deposits, then later being eroded by the wind. (NASA/JPL-Caltech)
Now, NASA scientists believe that a large lake in the Gale Crater — or even a series of lakes that evaporated and then reformed — caused the mountain's unusual formation.
To have liquid water on the surface, Mars would have had a much warmer, heavier atmosphere than it does now. NASA scientists still aren't sure how that atmosphere formed, or why it changed. But based on Curiosity's readings around the Murray formation — a section of rock 500 feet high — it seems that the crater lake filled with sediment (carried in by rivers) over and over. Once this sediment reached a certain height, the hardened sediment was eroded by wind, eventually forming the mountainous shape we now see.
1 of 34

Uber cab driver accused of rape was trying to flee to NepalUber cab driver accused of rape was trying to flee to Nepal
Coca-Cola IPTL diary Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer s debut match in IndiaCoca-Cola IPTL diary Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer s debut match in India
DGCA might issue showcause notice for violating directionsDGCA might issue showcause notice for violating directions
Our dues to vendors have declined: Sanjiv KapoorOur dues to vendors have declined: Sanjiv Kapoor
Maharashtra govt s move to cut expenditure by 40% will impact infra  social sectorsMaharashtra govt's move to cut expenditure by 40% will impact infra, social sectors
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 12:45 AM IST
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-Shiv Sena government in Maharashtra on Monday defended its decision to cut plan expenditure by 40 per cent during the current financial year, as state finances are under tremendous stress.
The government’s move will severely impact infrastructure development and social sectors. The state’s annual Plan for 2014-15 was worth Rs 48,000 crore.
Some of the schemes announced by the erstwhile Congress-NCP (Nationalist Congress Party) government, that would be impacted are: Strengthening of power distribution, road development, improvement in water supply schemes, completion of long pending irrigation projects, up-gradation of health infrastructure and implementation of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan. The implementation of those schemes will either be deferred till March or will be launched after April or scrapped for ever.
The government said the 40 per cent cut in planned expenditure was also due to the sharp rise in revenue deficit to Rs 26,000 crore as on date from Rs 4,600 crore in March. It clarified there won’t be any cut in the payment of salary and pensions. The government has estimated expenditure of Rs 83,590 crore on salary and pensions for 2014-15.
Revenue Minister Eknath Khadse has squarely blamed his predecessor for the present sorry state of its finances. He told Business Standard:  “Expenditure on various schemes will be deferred till March next year and only after review it will be done in next financial year.” He also clarified various schemes and projects announced by the Congress-NCP government ahead of the Assembly elections will be put on hold or scrapped for want of funds. The government will have to mobilise an additional loan of Rs 52,000 crore to implement those schemes.
Khadse said the government will not impose fresh taxes but pay adequate attention to make tax administration efficient. Besides, the government will also take measures to curb leakages in tax collection.
Former member of the Planning Commission, B L Mungekar, attacked the BJP-Sena government’s move and termed it a most retrograde step. “Instead of bringing achche din, the state government would take them to the darkness. A careful scrutiny of the revenue and expenditure relationship should be made and some innovative measures should be thought out by the Maharashtra government. The government can consider innovative ideas to raise revenues and economise on some wasteful and unproductive expenditure,” he said.  
A state finance department official argued the government will have to reorient expenditure from revenue to capital, especially when investments are quite low from the government side. “A decision is needed on how much the government can afford as salary growth and expenditure on social sectors, including food security scheme, health insurance and scholarships. Maharashtra needs human capital which has relevance and demand in the growing economy and not that which does not have demand, skill and knowledge to integrate with the economy,” he said.
The official stated the government will have to take a call on subsidies given in various sectors. “Subsidies will have to be transparent, targetted and temporary. They cannot be permanent. At present interest subsidy is given to farmers but the reality is the big farmers are the real beneficiary of it. The government will have to give a relook.”

PM in Samba: Beat the rifle with EVM and AndroidOneWritten by Arun Sharma | Raya Morh (samba) |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:17 am
A finger pressing a button on the EVM is more powerful than a finger on the trigger of an AK-47 rifle, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said today, three days after terrorists from Pakistan had killed 11 security personnel near the Line of Control in Uri. Addressing an election rally in Samba, he asked the people not to let the sacrifice of the jawans go waste.
“While a finger on the trigger of an AK-rifle takes a life, the one pressing a button on the EVM changes the destiny of a nation,” he told a crowd around one lakh strong at Raya Morh, 1 km from the Jammu-Srinagar national highway.
Modi praised the people of the state for the record turnout during first two phases.
“Creating history by polling 71, 72 per cent, you have not only expressed your faith in Indian democracy, but through your ballot have also defeated those who by resorting to bullets had been trying to mislead the world. You have shown the world that the ballot is more powerful than the bullet.”
Promising to commend the people of the state wherever he travels in the country, Modi said the heavy turnout is also a lesson for those who do not vote despite living in areas that are peaceful.
“This is the strength of democracy. Army jawans have sacrificed a lot for your democracy; don’t let their sacrifice go waste,” Modi said, appealing to people to vote in large numbers during the remaining three phases and bring in a majority BJP government. “Even you have the power, the power to press a finger on the EVM, and that is more powerful than the AK-47 rifle.”
The one lakh turnout came about despite the fact that people were made to walk nearly 2 km from the national highway to reach the venue in view of a heavy security bandobast following recent terror attacks in Jammu and also the Kashmir valley. The crowd comprised men and women, mostly young, and included many Muslims. Many were seen coming in even after Modi had completed his speech.
Modi said even misguided Kashmiri youth were feeling the burden of the AK-47 rifle and they wanted to get rid of it and hold Android One instead. “The time has gone and these people don’t know that even the misguided youth want to have Android One in their hands rather than this 5-to-6-kg or 10-kg AK-47 rifle. We want to put in their hands the power of a computer.
We want to give them the power to write new dreams,” he said.
The Prime Minister attacked all three major opponents. He accused the Congress of opportunistic politics by sitting in the lap of the National Conference or the PDP, whichever comes to power. And when people seek answers from it, he said, the Congress backstabs them saying the government was useless. “If their government was useless, why did it keep sitting on their side?”

From Jammu and Kupwara to listen to ModispeakWritten by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:07 am
Abid Rashid, 25, came from Kupwara, and Ram Kumar, 48 from Ramban in Jammu region. Both wanted to see and listen to Narendra Modi addressing his first election rally in the Kashmir valley, though Abid has no clue what Modi’s party stands for.
Abid, a student, said he likes PM Modi’s vision for Kashmir. “If he provides us jobs and resolves our issues, what else do we need?” he said. His village head had advised him to come. “Six hundred people from Kupwara are here today. Many more are coming.”
Ram Kumar said around 300 people from his area were attending the rally. “I admire Modi and that is the only reason we have travelled all the way from Ramban,” he said.
People such as Adil and Ram Kumar from Kupwara and Jammu, non-locals working in Srinagar, and the city’s own residents made up the mixed crowd who turned up for the rally at the Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium.
Haseena Akhtar, a homemaker in Karan-Nagar area of Srinagar, says she came because she wanted to see what PM would say, so that she could decide if “BJP is the best party to vote for.”
“In the recent floods, our three-storey house was damaged and the government gave just Rs 3,800. It is an injustice to us. I came here today because I think Modiji is honest,” she said. “I want to hear the speech myself and decide if it is right to vote for the BJP.”
The crowd included 10 labourers from Bihar who work in Srinagar. There was also a group from Maharashtra. It included Ranjit Singh, a mason who wanted to hear Modi speak. “I like Modi so much I skipped work.”
When the Prime Minister completed his 30-minute speech, Jehangir Hassan, a businessman from Parimpora on the city’s outskirts said, “I have never voted in my life, but after listening to his speech, I now believe I should vote for BJP.”

http://usat.ly/1Ga5WZrApple cracks! Drops $42.3B in value
By: Matt Krantz December 8, 2014 1:10 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Cracked screen on an iPhone 6. (Photo: USA TODAY)
Apple’s (AAPL) seemingly straight-shot higher is running into gravity, as the company has shed an astounding $42.3 billion in market value since hitting its peak in late November.
Shares are down $2.55 Monday or 2.2% to $112.42, in what’s been a concerning reversal of fortunes for the stock. Shares of Apple are down 6% from their 52-week high notched in November.
It’s easy to look past a 6% loss at most companies, but at Apple that’s means a massive amount of wealth has been shredded. To be exactly, $42.3 billion in market value has been erased since the stock hit its 52-week high of $119.75. In other words, in just about a week the stock has lost more value than than value of 390 stocks individually in the S&P 500.
Perhaps the biggest barrier to Apple stock’s success is itself. The stock is has the largest weight of any stocks in Standard & Poor’s 500 index funds, meaning that the odds of its getting larger is small. Plus, it’s already among the most widely held stock by individual and professional investors.
Meanwhile, the stock’s valuation is hitting concerning levels. It’s trading for 17.7 times its trailing earnings over the past year — and got close to analysts’ 18-month price target. The stock’s top hit right when it hit 18.1 times earnings , which was the same point the stock cratered two years ago and subsequently fell 40%. Analysts have since raised their targets, and are saying the stock is worth $121.76 in 18 months, says S&P Capital IQ. The stock has been struggling since hitting a record $700 billion market valuation, even though bulls say the stock is on its way to be the first ever to be valued at $1 trillion.
Bulls point out that while the stock is trending lower, it’s still up about 40% this year. The bigger they are …

Better total return: Stocks or homesbetter total return: stocks or homes
Renowed writer Sobho Gianchandani passes awayRenowed writer Sobho Gianchandani passes away
Satyam case: Ramalinga Raju  two others get six months in jailSatyam case: Ramalinga Raju  two others get six months in jail
Judge Voids Taj Mahal Casino Union Contractjudge voids taj mahal casino union contract
Millennials Talk Much  Do Little About FinancesMillennials talk much, do little about their finances
Sharon Epperson CNBC
Email
There's a major disconnect between how optimistic many millennials are about their financial future and what they are actually doing to make sure they achieve their goals.
In a recent  Bank of America/USA TODAY survey , the majority of millennials say they are good at living within their means—paying off credit cards in full each month and limiting spending. Yet more than half admit to living paycheck to paycheck—and many are still living with or living off their parents.
MENAHEM KAHANA / AFP/Getty Images
There's a major disconnect between how optimistic many millennials are about their financial future and what they are actually doing to make sure they achieve their goals.
More than a third in the survey of 1,001 people ages 18-34, released Wednesday,  still depend on the "Bank of Mom and Dad" for financial support for regular expenses, including cellphone bills, groceries, clothing, car payments and health insurance.
Sure, it's tough to save when saddled with student debt. Yet a third of the millennials are able to save—for a vacation. And more are saving for travel than for a house.
Stashing cash for emergencies may be a top goal of some millennials, but it's not a reality: 37 percent in the survey admitted to having less than $5,000 saved and 22 percent had no savings at all.
Despite all of this, 4 in 5 said they think they'll be at least as well off, if not more so, than their parents.
Maybe they will. More than a third of Americans age 55 and older have less than $10,000 in savings and investments, according to the 2014 Retirement Confidence Survey from the Employee Benefits Research Institute.
Video: A new survey finds that most millennials say they’re good at living within their means and paying their credit card bills in full every month.
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Some newly insured still struggle to pay for health careSome newly insured still struggle to pay for health care
ACA pay
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
Annette, 62, and Phill Kopczynski, 63, of Huntley, have different health plans. Annette has a $6,000 deductible on her policy and worries about the high costs. Phill is on Medicare due to a disability and is happy with his care.
Annette, 62, and Phill Kopczynski, 63, of Huntley, have different health plans. Annette has a $6,000 deductible on her policy and worries about the high costs. Phill is on Medicare due to a disability and is happy with his care. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Even with health insurance, deductible puts care out of reach.
'I'm never going to use it.' Deductible makes insurance plan almost worthless.
For Martha Gruberman, a 63-year-old resident of south suburban Steger, obtaining health insurance through the Affordable Care Act hasn't made it any easier to pay for routine medical care.
A plan she chose through the federal marketplace requires her to pay $5,000 toward medical costs before her insurer contributes anything. With an income of about $22,000, she doesn't expect to hit that mark.
"I'm never going to use it," she said. "I can't use it. I can't afford it."
Gruberman and others who picked plans with the lowest monthly costs have found that medical care is still out of reach because of the plans' high deductibles. As a result, many consumers with high-deductible plans are following old habits: delaying care or taking their needs to community health centers that have traditionally served the uninsured, local health administrators said.
Tribune Graphics
"These people, even though they have access to some form of insurance, really do not have health care," said Suzanne Hoban, executive director of Family Health Partnership Clinic, a free and reduced-cost clinic in Crystal Lake.
Officials have cited the number of people who signed up for private insurance last year as a measure of the federal health law's success. About 217,000 Illinoisans signed up, exceeding federal expectations, and about 7.1 million Americans enrolled during the law's first open enrollment period. But about 63,000 Illinoisans enrolled in low-premium bronze plans, which last year had a median deductible of $5,600 in the state and for 2015 have a median deductible of $5,750. Plans in the other categories — silver, gold and platinum — cost more per month but have lower deductibles and better benefits.
8
Administrators at free and charitable health care clinics in the Chicago area say they are adapting to new challenges posed by those among the newly insured who need help paying for care. The challenges are expected to grow next year.
Premiums for the cheapest bronze plans in Illinois are increasing by an average of 11 percent in 2015, according to state data. In the Chicago area, that means a 40-year-old will choose among bronze plans that have an average premium of $243 and a median deductible of $5,000, lower than the state median.
Annette Kopczynski, 62, of Huntley, signed up last year for a $6,000-deductible bronze plan with Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois. After tax credits, her monthly premium is $38. She said she sees a nurse practitioner at a reduced cost at Family Health Partnership Clinic because she cannot afford care through her insurance. She and her husband, who is on disability, pay about $25 per month toward the costs that accrue, she said.
"I don't really go for tests or things that would cost, like physical therapy," she said. "I would never do that. I'm just lucky. I'm mostly healthy. I just try to stay away from the doctors."
Like other free and charitable clinics, Family Health Partnership traditionally served the uninsured. But this year the clinic changed its policy to accept people with insurance who can't afford care, said Hoban, the clinic's director.
"This is a paradigm shift for us," she said.
CommunityHealth, a Chicago-based free clinic that serves 11,000 patients, is considering making a similar change next year, said Judith Haasis, CommunityHealth's executive director.
"We're going to consider serving individuals who are doing everything right, but when they look at the options won't be able to access routine or medical care because the cost of accessing that care is going to be too great," Haasis said.
Let's get employers out of the health insurance equation. I don't want employers to subsidized - socialize health insurance at all. Everyone should be on their own when it comes to procuring health insurance.
JeansAndJacketRequired
25
Free and charitable clinics serve many of the people who qualify for federal tax credits. The credits help offset premiums for those who make up to 400 percent of the federal poverty level, or about $46,680 for an individual and $95,400 for a family of four in 2015.
Serving the low-income population puts the clinics in a position to observe the health law's impact on a key group it was meant to help.
"We were excited and we still think it was a very positive move forward, but there are definitely some things that need to be tweaked in there," Hoban said.
The newly insured are also turning up in greater numbers at NorthShore University HealthSystem hospitals, said Cindy Geaslin, NorthShore's director of patient registration.
NorthShore offers financial assistance for people who need it. With more high-deductible plans, the hospital is seeing more patients who have insurance but request help, she said. The system also has stepped up education efforts to help people understand the complexities of premiums, deductibles and co-pays.
"We've been doing this since before Obamacare, but I can tell you that the increase in questions and the increase in patient education has really spiked," she said.
Deductibles were rising before the health law passed, as employers sought to keep premiums low for workers, said Ceci Connolly, managing director of PwC Health Research Institute.
"This is across the board one of the most popular strategies for trying to contain health care spending," Connolly said.
The average deductible for an individual in the employer insurance market was $584 in 2006, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation. In 2014 it was $1,217, according to the Foundation.
The Commonwealth Fund, a national health research foundation, recently surveyed 19- to 64-year-olds who had insurance through employers and the federal marketplace in the past year. Among those with low incomes, 3 in 5 said their deductibles are difficult to afford. Two in 5 who had high deductibles relative to their income said they had delayed needed care because of the deductible.
While high-deductible plans sometimes contribute to poor health care decisions, they also force people to think more carefully about medical spending — a shift that could help contain medical costs and slow premium growth, another goal of the federal law, experts said.
"I can't say it's a direct cause and effect with high-deductible plans, but it does suggest to us that everyone in the system is doing a better job of managing care and managing the cost," Connolly said.
All plans come with a set of free preventive services including cancer screening, immunizations and diet counseling. Since the health law passed, use of those services has increased, and young people are seeing primary care doctors more often and hospital admissions are starting to level off, Connolly said.
As consumers confront the nuances of health care, some patient advocates are looking for ways to simplify the way it is sold. Insurance companies have traditionally sold plans to businesses who offered their employees a few options, said Katherine Hempstead, who directs the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation's work on health insurance coverage.
"This is a product that wasn't designed to be sold to consumers, but now it's being sold to consumers, and the design hasn't changed that much," Hempstead said.
The foundation is sponsoring competitions for developers to create tools that will help consumers select from the array of plans on the federal marketplace — there are 288 non-employer-based plans offered in Illinois this year. The tools would likely create algorithms that would narrow plans based on the medications people take, specialists they see and other personal health information.
"There are so many plan design features that people need to look at," Hempstead said. "It's not just the premium. It's not just the deductible — it's what is covered with this deductible."
Kopczynski said she picked the cheapest plan she could find last year. This year she plans to look more carefully at the options, including whether a new hospital being built nearby will be in her network.
Gruberman, of Steger, said tax credits made it possible for her not to pay premiums in 2014. She has been receiving help paying her medical bills from Access To Care, an organization that coordinates reduced-cost medical care throughout Cook County. Her premiums are going up to $67 per month for 2015, she said. She plans to try to find a cheaper plan.
"I will have less coverage, probably a higher deductible than I have now. But I can't afford to pay anything out. I don't make that kind of money," she said.
Tribune reporter Alex Richards contributed.

For-Profit College Used Strippers To Recruit Students  Lawsuit ClaimsFor-Profit College Used Strippers As Admissions Officers, Lawsuit Claims
Posted:
reddit
MIAMI (AP) -- A for-profit Florida college used exotic dancers as admissions officers, falsified documents and coached students to lie on financial forms as it fraudulently obtained millions of dollars in federal money, according to a federal lawsuit filed in Miami.
On at least one of its seven campuses, FastTrain College "purposely hired attractive women and sometimes exotic dancers and encouraged them to dress provocatively while they recruited young men in neighborhoods to attend FastTrain," according to an ongoing civil lawsuit. The Florida attorney general and the U.S. attorney in Miami announced Wednesday that they were joining the lawsuit against the now-defunct FastTrain and former owner Alejandro Amor, 56.
Amor, of Coral Gables, was criminally indicted in October and faces pending charges of conspiracy and theft of government money. A telephone message left at a listing for Amor wasn't immediately returned
The complaint says Miami-based FastTrain and Amor bilked the U.S. Department of Education out of millions of dollars with falsified grant applications from at least January 2009 through June 2012, when the school closed after an FBI raid.
The school is accused of falsifying high school diplomas for students who didn't have them. Because they never graduated from high school, the lawsuit contends the students wouldn't have qualified for student aid.
To access taxpayer dollars, the school needed first-time students to attend class for at least 30 days. If they didn't, FastTrain falsified attendance records or backdated the enrollment so they could collect the money quicker, the lawsuit says.
The growth of for-profit colleges, which are governed by private organizations or corporations, has been explosive in Florida and across the country. As the schools have grown, numerous whistle-blower lawsuits have been filed against them by ex-employees. In the FastTrain case, the whistle-blower lawsuit was originally filed by Juan Pena, a former admissions employee. These lawsuits typically gain steam only when the government joins the case, as in Pena's lawsuit.
Some former FastTrain students say they are still struggling with student loan debts, and the lawsuit identifies more than 160 former students who are now in default. Those who were attending around the time of the FBI raid can get their loans discharged under a "closed school" provision.
More:

Six wearable holiday giftsDickie’s 1922 Truck Driver Jacket
(Dickie's)
US-based Dickie’s is a straitlaced maker of durable and resolutely unstylish workwear. Amid its usual array of bib overalls and factory uniforms, however, is a line of hand-crafted, limited-edition apparel that’s sharp enough for Casual Fridays in the boardroom. The 1922 Collection, so-named for the year the company was founded, features finely wrought replicas of vintage Dickie’s designs – shirts, pants and this sharp trucker’s jacket, identical to those worn by the company’s delivery drivers during the 1950s. The jacket is made from heavy cotton twill and features a pair of button-closed patch pockets and elbow reinforcements. Naturally, fastidious historical accuracy doesn’t come cheap; in the US, the 1922 Truck Driver Jacket runs $175 – a hefty $130 more than the apparel-maker’s standard-issue twill number.
For purchase details, click here .
Booq Boa Nerve messenger bag
(Booq)
Messenger bags are de rigeur accessories for urban cyclists, and the variety of styles, from no-frills military surplus packs to obscenely expensive style statements , are as plentiful as the riders who wear them. Rarely, however, does a shoulder bag come as packed with smart features as the new Boa Nerve, from California-based Booq. Made from water-resistant ballistic nylon fabric, the $155 bag (available only in black) features an array of internal compartments, including padded space for a laptop, and holders for a water bottle and a bike lock, along with a barcode ID tag for Booq’s Terralinq lost-and-found service and, on the outside, reflective trim for nighttime visibility. The Boa Nerve’s neatest trick, however, is a strap with a magnetic buckle that allows the wearer to switch instantly from a casual loose fit to a pedal-friendly snug fit.
For purchase details, click here .
Kinekt Design Gear Ring
(Kinekt Design)
The clever-clever company name is no hollow marketing ploy. This US studio’s stainless-steel pieces are kinetic sculptures, with cogs that spin like gears in a finely calibrated synchromesh transmission. The embedded cogs are rotated via toothy opposing bands, creating two theatres of movement on the wearer’s finger. It’s jewellery a mechanic could love – though axle grease might muck up the works.
For purchase details, click here .
Skully AR-1
(Skully Systems)
Given the packaging complexity and safety implications, motorcycles have remained relatively free of the so-called “smart” features that abound in passenger cars. This is what makes Skully’s AR-1 such a fascinating innovation. A rearview camera that relays its picture to a thumbprint-size head-up display is the marquee attraction, but when considering the call-monitoring, turn-by-turn navigation and voice-recognition software also on board, all the promise of the information age seems to reside in this helmet. Skully plans to ship its first run early in 2015, but orders are being accepted now.
For purchase details, click here .
Persol 714SM Steve McQueen sunglasses
(Persol)
Being dead for 34 years has done little to slow Steve McQueen. The US actor’s previous ownership of a Ferrari 275 GTB/4 helped that car sell for $10m in August 2014, roughly trebling the model’s typical auction price. The “McQueen Effect” has rubbed off on fashion accessories, too, including this contemporised take on the actor’s beloved Persol 714s, which he wore in The Getaway and The Thomas Crown Affair. Persol brings such mod cons as an outside-in earpiece fold, reflection-resistant blue lenses and discreet “McQueen” badging to its 714SM sunglasses. Rebirth of the cool, indeed.
For purchase details, click here .
soleRebels riff/spliiiif shoes
(soleRebels)
Internet retailer soleRebels is one of several new companies with an ever-expanding range of artisan-crafted shoes with soles made from discarded car tires . The sassy riff/spliiiif lace-ups are new for 2014. Hand-made in Ethiopia, the shoes come in four colours, with sizes to fit men, women and children. They feature uppers and a lining made from hand-spun and hand-loomed cotton fabric, surrounded by a band of Abyssinian jute trim. The price, $95, includes free shipping to anywhere in the world. Note, however, that riff/spliiiif shoes are made to order, so allow a couple of weeks for delivery.
For purchase details, click here.
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Sony Hackers Threaten Employees:  Your Family Will Be In DangerHackers Threaten Sony Employees In New Email
Posted:
reddit
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The FBI said Friday it is investigating threatening emails sent to some employees of Sony Pictures Entertainment, which was hit by a cyberattack last week that disrupted its computer system and spewed confidential information onto the Internet.
The FBI was trying to identify the person or group responsible, the agency said in a statement. It did not provide any details.
However, the trade paper Variety said the email written in broken English claimed to be from the head of the GOP — short for Guardians of Peace — the same group that took credit for last week's attack.
"Removing Sony Pictures on earth is a very tiny work for our group which is a worldwide organization. And what we have done so far is only a small part of our further plan," the email read.
Later, the email warns employees: "Please sign your name to object the false of the company at the email address below if you don't want to suffer damage. If you don't, not only you but your family will be in danger."
"Make your company behave wisely," the email urges.
The Los Angeles Times reported the email was received Friday.
A Sony spokesman confirmed in an email to the Times that "some of our employees have received an email claiming to be from GOP" and said the company was working with law enforcement.
Employees were told to turn off their mobile devices after receiving the message, Variety said, citing Sony insiders it did not name.
Messages from The Associated Press to Sony representatives were not immediate returned.
Recently, hackers released personal information for thousands of Sony employees online, including some Social Security numbers and the purported salaries of top executives. Five movies, including the unreleased "Annie," also have shown up on file-sharing websites.
On Nov. 24, workers who logged onto Sony Pictures' network saw a skeleton and the message "Hacked by #GOP."
There has been speculation that North Korea was behind the attacks in retaliation for the upcoming movie "The Interview," a comedy starring Seth Rogen and James Franco that depicts an assassination attempt on that country's leader, Kim Jong Un.
North Korea denied involvement Thursday.
Some cybersecurity experts say they've found striking similarities between the code used in the hack of Sony Pictures Entertainment and attacks blamed on North Korea that targeted South Korean companies and government agencies last year.
Experts are divided, however, over the likelihood that North Korea or independent hackers were involved.
More:

Narendra Modis bottom-up idea to replace Plan panel secures support of CMsProbe Manmohan Singh, Birla roles in coal blocks: Court to CBI
To align development priorities and resource-sharing between the Centre and states with the dynamic needs of the economy, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday proposed a “bottom to top” approach in policy planning to be implemented by a think tank of state chief ministers, independent experts and the PM himself.
Modi discussed with state chief ministers in the capital the contours of the proposed modern think tank that would replace the over 60-year-old Planning Commission, which symbolises centralised planning of the Nehruvian era. Modi ruled out incremental steps and called for a total replacement of the Commission, although the last couple of years have witnessed easing of the Commission’s micromanagement of centrally sponsored projects.
Stressing that it was impossible for the nation to develop unless states develop, Modi said states must have a greater role in the think tank and reflect the true spirit of “cooperative federalism.”
“The process of policy planning also has to change from top to bottom to bottom to top,” said a statement issued by the Prime Minister’s Office, quoting Modi. There is a need for the proposed new body, or the council of chief ministers, to design policies for the economic activity that happens outside government set-up, the statement said. “States should have a key role in the new body to replace the Planning Commission,” it said.
In fact, the writing was on the wall as far as the Commission’s future role was concerned — UPA finance minister P Chidambaram’s 2014-15 interim budget acceded to states’ long-standing demand of transferring more funds straight to state treasuries rather than to project implementing agencies.
According to that, of the central assistance for states and union territories, the component of funds that goes straight to state treasuries was trebled to Rs 3.39 lakh crore for 2014-15, from a revised estimate of Rs 1.19 lakh crore in 2013-14. That resulted in funds for key centrally sponsored schemes, including UPA’s flagship schemes on employment guarantee, rural housing, health and education, going to the consolidated funds of the states, rather than to implementing agencies. The number of centrally sponsored schemes has also come down to 67, and the plan is to further reduce their count.
Chidambaram’s interim budget support for the Central Plan (the component routed through ministries via the commission) was slashed to Rs 2.17 lakh crore from Rs 3.56 lakh crore. Arun Jaitley, who succeeded Chidambaram, followed the same pattern in his maiden budget on July 10.
Modi wants to do away with the system of Planning Commission’s five-year macro targets and resource allocation schemes being executed through the union budget. The Commission’s primary function is to determine the (quantum) allocation of Plan funds out of the the gross budgetary support it receives to states, as opposed to the Constitutionally mandated role for the Finance Commission that evolves the formula for sharing of central tax receipts with states.
Sunday’s meeting was attended by most chief ministers. The few who could not participate were represented by their finance ministers or senior officers.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley, who briefed reporters after the meeting, said there was consensus that an alternative to the Commission was needed. “States have broadly responded in favour of strengthening their ability to deliver, for which they need more flexibility rather than a system of command and control,” said Jaitley. He said there was consensus about the need to decentralise both power and planning.
“The requirement of each state is different and they know what suits them better. Therefore, the strategy is to empower states. There cannot be a universal scheme that fits all,” said the finance minister.
TAGS: Indian Economy Narendra Modi Planning Commission
More from economy

Bilateral trade  defence and hydrocarbons also on agendaProbe Manmohan Singh, Birla roles in coal blocks: Court to CBI
India and Russia will spell out their vision for cooperation in key areas such as energy, trade and defence when PM Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin meet on December 11. The visit is expected to impart new dynamism to “special and privileged” Indo-Russia ties and the two sides will be taking stock of the current state of relations, apart from discussing ways to significantly enhance bilateral trade from the current  $ 10 billion.
“President Putin’s visit is a landmark event and is expected to provide fresh impetus to the existing bilateral relations between the two countries. The dominant theme of this summit will be the spelling-out by the two leaders a joint vision of our relationship for the next decade,” Ajay Bisaria, joint secretary (Eurasia), MEA, said.
The vision document will provide a road map to enhance partnership between two countries to a “qualitatively new level” in nuclear energy, hydrocarbons, trade and defence. During Putin’s day-long visit to New Delhi, 15-20 pacts may be inked by the end of talks. On enhancing trade, the sources said talks are on to have a free trade area pact with an “integrated Eurasian space” besides working on a transport corridor through Iran, which will bring down the transportation time.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Vladimir Putin
More from economy

Narendra Modi  Vladimir Putin to hold talks on setting up 2 new units at Kudankulam plantProbe Manmohan Singh, Birla roles in coal blocks: Court to CBI
On December 11, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian president Vladimir Putin will hold substantive discussions on setting up Kudankulam nuclear plant’s Units 3 and 4, whose cost has more than doubled to $6 billion compared to units 1 and 2.
An Indo-Russian joint venture, Kudankulam’s Units 1 and 2 of 1,000 MW each are being built by ROSATOM, a  Russian nuclear conglomerate. Plans to set up two similar units at the site have been been firmed up, and they will involve funding by Russia. However, commissioning them seems like a long way off.
Sergey Kirienko, head of Rosatom, told FE, “In 2015, the company’s investment programme may exceed 320 billion rubles.” Rosatom’s investment programme allocated over 300 billion roubles to capital construction, more than 320 billion roubles the following year.
Last month, both countries discussed prospects for joint projects in the sphere of nuclear generation. The meeting, held in Mumbai, was attended by: Kirienko; Nikolai Spassky, deputy CEO of Rosatom; Ratan Kumar Sinha, secretary, Department of Atomic Energy of India; and other officials at the department. The items of the agenda were commissioning of Kudankulam’s reactors 1 and 2 and construction of the second phase of the enterprise, units 3 and 4.
Said Kiriyenko, “The experience accumulated by our companies during the construction of the first two units allows them to work very quickly over the following units. Kudankulam is a symbol of a truly long and lasting friendship between India and Russia, and I am sure it will remain so for years to come.”
The Kudankulam plant, constructed using Russian technology, is the most advanced project in the world. Its first unit has reached a minimum controllable level of capacity while the second is being prepared for a physical start-up.   Besides, as the power plant will use desalinated water operations will not have an adverse impact on agriculture in the region. During construction, the nature of the tropical oceanic area was also considered.
As of today, four pressurised water reactors of VVER-1000 type (PWR) with a capacity of 1,000 MW each are to be constructed at the Kudankulam NPP.  This project is to meet the current and future needs of the rapidly developing industry in energy-intensive areas in South India, where energy shortage currently totals 4,000 MW.
One of the key features of the project is that, in addition to traditional active safety systems, a number of “passive” technical solutions have been implemented. A reactor unit at Kudankulam is protected against impact from inside and outside (both of nature and industry), such as earthquake, tornado, hurricane, blast wave and plane crash. One of the distinguishing features of the project is that the power units are well equipped with diagnostic systems enabling maintenance and operating personnel to respond to signs of equipment failure, rather than to failure itself, in advance.
TAGS: Kudankulam Nuclear Plant Narendra Modi Vladimir Putin
More from economy

Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states  CentreHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take, Uttar Pradesh CM Akhilesh Yadav suggested that the states and the Centre should have equal participation in the new body and that all-round interests of the states should be protected in a manner that the federal structure is also strengthened. Laying emphasis on the need for allowing full freedom to states for executing projects as per their requirements, Yadav stressed on the need for threadbare consultations with state governments on both the political and official levels before five-year plans are given a final shape and added that the assistance available with Central government departments should be divided between the states in a transparent manner, keeping in mind their backwardness.
The CM was expressing his views at a meeting of chief ministers convened by PM Narendra Modi on Sunday. The meeting was called to discuss the form of the new Planning Commission. He further said that every state has its own priorities and, hence, one single policy cannot be applicable and effective for all.
TAGS: Akhilesh Yadav Narendra Modi Planning Commission
More from miscellaneous
IIT Guwahati Professor accused of rape by office assistant, held The dean of academic affairs at the IIT here has been arrested for allegedly raping an office assistant, a senior police officer...

Revealed: This is the ideal investment planHow much investment is enough
Simplus Information Services –  Thu 27 Nov, 2014 2:19 PM IST
Print
Before investing in anything, the first question that comes to the mind is: How much money would I need to invest? The answer is not as straightforward as you would assume. It depends on numerous factors that differ from individual to individual. Each of us comes from a diverse set of backgrounds; our aspirations differ and our goals and objects are just as varied. To meet these goals, the investment strategy and target differs accordingly.
That said, there are five things you can keep in mind while deciding the amount of money you would need to invest. Here is a look:
•  Identify investment objectives: Before deciding upon how much investment you need to make, it is important to set out and define financial goals. Be it buying a house, a car, children’s education or marriage, insurances, a retirement plan or any other objective, you need to attach a figure to your goal. At the same time, you also need to decide the time taken to achieve this goal. This will help you calculate how much you need to invest on a monthly or yearly basis. However, make sure this does not exceed your income at any point in time.
• Young investors: If you are a young investor in your twenties, then you can save and invest more. This is because you will have comparatively lower responsibilities and financial burden. You can then set aside a larger proportion of your income. A lot of experts suggest that you should invest at least 30% of your income at the start of your career. It is also expected that you have a higher ability to take risks as your financial liabilities are lower. So, typically, a major portion of your investments should be in equity-based investments. As time passes, and your risk-taking ability reduces, you can opt for more stable investments like fixed-income mutual funds and so on.
• Investing early: The amount you invest depends on when you start investing. This is because two factors determine how much money you end up with—the amount you invest and the time period of your investment. The earlier you invest, the more you earn. This is because you earn interest on your profits too. You thus have longer to accumulate enough money. Your overall returns increase. This may even enable you to achieve your targets early.
It can best be illustrated by an example. If you set out early a target of Rs 5 crore of investments before you retire, you can spread your investments over a 40 year time span. Suppose, you expect a 12% per year return on your investments, the monthly investments required would work out to Rs 3,980 – an affordable sum. If you started 10 years later, reducing the time period to 30 years, you would need to invest Rs 14,000 per month.
• Taxation: Every year, the government stipulates that you can invest Rs 1.5 lakh and reduce your total taxable income. This includes investments in financial instruments like Public Provident Fund (PPF), Equity-Linked Saving Schemes (ELSS) and so on. It is almost always worthwhile to tap into this tax-saving mechanism. However, first check what your total taxable income is. If it is only Rs 50,000 over the minimum tax threshold, then why invest Rs 1.5 lakh in these instruments? You can invest Rs 1 lakh in other long-term options like mutual funds and equity portfolio.
• Liquidity needs: It is good to invest. But ensure you have some money left in your hands for your regular expenses. Those eager to invest often get into long-term commitments like Systematic Investment Plans (SIP). These ensure you shell out a fixed sum every month. If you fix the amount at a very high level, you won’t have any money left for your spending needs. For example, if you earn Rs 40,000 per month, it would not be wise to invest Rs 30,000 per month. Would the remaining Rs 10,000 cover all your needs? What if there is an emergency and you need liquid cash? Take these into consideration while deciding your monthly investment amount.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

Scarecrows outnumber people in dying Japan villageScarecrows outnumber people in dying Japan village
AP
print
A teenager look alike scarecrow sits on a log pile in Nagoro, Tokushima Prefecture, southern Japan. (AP photo)
This village deep in the rugged mountains of southern Japan once was home to hundreds of families. Now, only 35 people remain, outnumbered three-to-one by scarecrows that Tsukimi Ayano crafted to help fill the days and replace neighbors who died or moved away.
At 65, Ayano is one of the younger residents of Nagoro. She moved back from Osaka to look after her 85-year-old father after decades away.
"They bring back memories," Ayano said of the life-sized dolls crowded into corners of her farmhouse home, perched on fences and trees, huddled side-by-side at a produce stall, the bus stop, anywhere a living person might stop to take a rest.
"That old lady used to come and chat and drink tea. That old man used to love to drink sake and tell stories. It reminds me of the old times, when they were still alive and well," she said.
Even more than its fading status as an export superpower, Japan's dwindling population may be its biggest challenge. More than 10,000 towns and villages in Japan are depopulated, the homes and infrastructure crumbling as the countryside empties thanks to the falling birthrate and rapid aging.
First the jobs go. Then the schools. Eventually, the electricity meters stop.
Neither Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's ruling Liberal Democratic Party nor any of its rivals have figured out how to "revive localities," an issue that has perplexed Japanese leaders for decades.
But local communities are trying various strategies for attracting younger residents, slowing if not reversing their decline. In Kamiyama, a farming community closer to the regional capital, community organizers have mapped out plans for attracting artists and high-tech companies.
Nagoro is more typical of the thousands of communities that are turning into ghost towns or at best, open-air museums, frozen in time.
The one-street town is mostly abandoned, its shops and homes permanently shuttered.
The closure of the local elementary school two years ago was the last straw. Ayano unlocks the door and guides visitors through spotless classrooms populated with scarecrow students and teachers.
When she returned to her hometown 13 years ago, Ayano tried farming. Thinking her radish seeds may have been eaten by crows, she decided to make some scarecrows. Now there are more 100 scattered around Nagoro and nearby towns.
Like handcarved Buddhist sculptures, each has its own whimsical expression. Some sleep, their eyelids permanently shut. Others cuddle toddler scarecrows or man plows and hoes.
Ayano brings one along for company on her 90-minute drive to buy groceries in the nearest big town. But most remain behind, to be photographed and marveled at by tourists who detour through the winding mountain roads.
Tsukimi Ayano stitches a scarecrow girl by her outdoor hearth at her home in Nagoro, Tokushima Prefecture, southern Japan.(AP photo)
 
"If I hadn't made these scarecrows, people would just drive right by," said Ayano.
The plight of Japan's countryside is partly a consequence of the country's economic success. As Japan grew increasingly affluent after World War II, younger Japanese flooded into the cities to fill jobs in factories and service industries, leaving their elders to tend small farms.
Greater Tokyo, with more than 37 million people and Osaka-Kobe, with 11.5 million, account for nearly 40 percent of the country's 127 million people.
"There's been this huge sucking sound as the countryside is emptied out," said Joel Cohen, a professor at Columbia University's Laboratory of Populations.
Japan's population began to decline in 2010 from a peak of 128 million. Without a drastic increase in the birthrate or a loosening of the staunch Japanese resistance to immigration, it is forecast to fall to 108 million by 2050 and to 87 million by 2060. By then, four in 10 Japanese will be over 65 years old.
Scarecrow teacher and students fill a classroom in the now deserted elementary school in Nagoro, Tokushima Prefecture, southern Japan. (AP photo)
 
The population of Miyoshi, which is the town closest to Nagoro, fell from 45,340 in 1985 to about 27,000 last year. A quarter of its population is over 75 years old. To entice residents to have more children, the town began offering free nursery care for third children, free diapers and formula to age 2 and free health care through junior high school.
"The way to stop this is to get people to have more babies," said mayor Seiichi Kurokawa. "Apart from that, we need for people to return here or move here."
But it's not an easy sell, despite the fresh air and abundant space.
"You can't just grab people by the necks like kittens and drag them here," Kurokawa said.
Getting residents of half-empty towns to accept newcomers can also be a challenge.
In Kamiyama, to the east, the town still struggles to convince owners who are often relatives living in distant cities to open up abandoned homes for rent or renovation, said Shinya Ominami, chairman of a civic group that has led efforts to revive the town.
In a briefing for potential investors and visiting officials, Ominami shows a slide of the town's shopping street, dotted with houses that are empty, and then another with some of the buildings filled with new businesses - a bistro, a design studio, an IT incubation hub.
"Once we accept this is the reality, we can figure out how to cope with it," Ominami said.

Karnataka govt services now on your fingertipsKarnataka govt services now on your fingertips
BS Reporters | Bengaluru Dec 09, 2014 12:45 AM IST
People of Karnataka have a reason to cheer. Thanks to Karnataka MobileOne, they can now access around 4,500 services, both public and private, at their fingertips.
President Pranab Mukherjee on Monday launched the multi-mode mobile governance platform of the Karnataka government, a pioneering initiative in India for delivery of citizens’ services.
“This unique initiative...signals a new era in governance,” Pranab Mukherjee said during his inaugural address.
The app is available across all platforms, including iOS and Android. On feature phones, the service can be availed through an integrated voice response system and SMS. Users can dial 161 or *161# to access MobileOne services.
With MobileOne, people will now be able to access a number of services, including payment of utility bills and property tax, booking railway tickets, applying for driving licences and filing income-tax returns.
The platform also enables users to bring to the civic authorities’ attention non-functioning services. People can take pictures of potholes on roads or streetlights that do not work and send them to officials concerned for redressal.
Around 4,500 services can be availed of through this mobile governance initiative. These anytime, anywhere, anyhow services will be available throughout the year from anywhere in the world on any mobile device.
Payments on MobileOne can be made through debit or credit cards and online wallets. The government has also introduced ‘Karnataka Wallet’, through which payments can be integrated.
The platform developed on public-private partnership mode with IMI Mobile has been integrated with social media websites. Karnataka MobileOne will integrate digital media and advertising to enable it to be a self-sustaining model for select services via advertising revenue, user fees and subscription.
“Delighted that many start-ups have contributed to Karnataka's visionary MobileOne platform. The Karnataka government has been extremely supportive of young technology companies for whom MobileOne can be an excellent and cost-effective distribution channel for their offerings,” said Ravi Gururaj, chairman of Nasscom Product Council.
“Karnataka is also the first state to develop a mobile application approved by the Apple Store. It is the first state to have a mobile app that is accessible all over India. You can get our app from 1-800-425-425-425,” Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said.
More services are in the offing on MobileOne. Soon, Bangalore Metro (Namma Metro) users will be able to pay for their ride from their phone itself and once the legal formalities are completed by the judiciary, citizens can even consider filing FIRs from the comfort of their home or office.
An auction system for agricultural market places would also be introduced on MobileOne in the future that would connect farmers and artisans with larger markets in India, the chief minister added.
Karnataka Governor Vajubhai Vala was also present on the occasion.

On master tailors stitch list  a sherwani for Narendra ModiThe Modi waist coat could face competition from a bespoke Modi sherwani, if the Mehdi brothers who have been tailor to presidents, Bollywood celebs and patrons abroad for decades get approval from the man himself to stitch one.
The 67-year-old shop near Tasveen Mahal, which Mehedi Hasan set up in 1947. HT photo/Masdool Hasan
The tailor duo is confident about measuring up to the Prime Minister’s stature and sartorial taste because their 67-year-old shop near Tasveer Mahal, a now-defunct cinema theatre in Aligarh, where their father Mehdi Hasan set up business in 1947, have been successfully churning out sherwanis for all these years.
Appreciation letters from politicians and celebs on the walls of their shop, which has not changed much expect for a garment outlet added next to it, are reminders of their mastery in the craft.
Elder son of Mehdi Hasan, Anwar Mehdi, at their shop. HT photo/Masdool Hasan
“We want to gift a special sherwani to Modi saheb even if he doesn’t order one,” says Anwar Mehdi, the elder of the two. “We are looking for a link to have access to him (Modi) and Insha Allah (if God wills) we will succeed.”
But why Modi? The brothers are impressed with Modi’s physique, which they say is ideal for a best-fitting sherwani.
“A sherwani looks good on normal people who are neither fat nor thin, neither tall nor short. Modi saheb’s figure with broad and straight shoulders is perfect in this sense and a sherwani will look wonderful on him,” said younger sibling Akhtar.
The duo said they would also love to stitch a jacket for Modi if he so wishes. “Believe us, that jacket would be better than the ones in which Modi is usually seen,” Akhtar said.
The Aligarh shop’s brush with the who’s who began when Zakir Hussain was vice-chancellor of Aligarh Muslim University. “He was so impressed with our father’s skills that he insisted that all his sherwanis would be stitched by him in future. The process continued even after he moved to Delhi to be vice-president and later president. During his 17-year political career, our father stitched as many as 117 sherwanis for him,” Anwar said.
And like they say, Mehedi Hasan’s stature grew with each turn of the bobbin. “Sherwanis of VV Giri, Fakhruddin Ali Ahmad, Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy, Gyani Jail Singh, Shankar Dayal Sharma (all former presidents) were stitched by us,” Anwar said, pointing to an appreciation letter from Giri.
“President Pranab Mukherjee too gets his sherwanis stitched at our shop.”
The long list of high-profile patrons includes Vice-President Hamid Ansari, former prime ministers VP Singh and Manmohan Singh and Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi. “Gandhi called us to take the measurement at the airstrip during his visit here 7-8 years ago,” Akhtar said.
“ND Tiwari, Mufti M Syeed,  Arjun Singh, Madhav Rao Scindia, Kapil Sibal, Justice AM Ahmadi and Justice RK Sharma ... the list goes on,” said Akhtar.
One of their most-recent Bollywood clients was Saif Ali Khan.
Modi is missing from their measurement register. The brothers hope not for long.

Wall Street slips after Japan  China data; energy dragsWall Steet drops with energy shares; global data disappoints
Reuters Dec 8, 2014, 10.21PM IST
Tags:
Dow Jones
(US stocks opened lower,…)
NEW YORK: US stocks fell on Monday, putting the S&P 500 on track for its biggest daily percentage decline since October, as energy shares fell with oil prices and global growth concerns rose following soft data out of China and Japan.
Energy was easily the worst-performing S&P sector, down 3.8 percent, as Brent crude fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. The index is down more than 10 percent for the year, making it the only one of the 10 major S&P sectors in negative territory for the year.
But most growth-oriented sectors were down on Monday as well, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped 6.7 percent in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter.
In response to falling oil prices, ConocoPhillips said its capital budget for 2015 would drop 20 percent to $13.5 billion. Conoco shares lost 3.6 percent.
"I think people are looking at the potential ripple effects from the slide in oil. You're seeing some of these ripple effects today," said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles.
Several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, which may be due to some year-end profit-taking, James said. Among them, Apple was down 2.4 percent, while GoPro shares were down 5.3 percent.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 118.34 points, or 0.66 percent, to 17,840.45, the S&P 500 lost 16.76 points, or 0.81 percent, to 2,058.61 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 47.53 points, or 0.99 percent, to 4,733.22.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,197 to 870, for a 2.53-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,942 issues fell and 772 advanced for a 2.52-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
Concerns over the global economy were offset by signs of strength in the U.S. economy, including Friday's payrolls report. The S&P 500 closed Friday's session with its 49th record of the year, and is up more than 11 percent from an October low.
McDonald's shares lost 3.7 percent after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

230 million children living in countries affected by armed conflict: Unicefprint
Demonstrators protest against Syria's President Bashar al-Assad in Marrat Hrama, near Adlb. Reuters photo/Handout
The United Nations children's agency Unicef declared 2014 a devastating year for children on Monday with as many as 15 million caught in conflicts in Central African Republic, Iraq, South Sudan, Syria, Ukraine and the Palestinian territories. Unicef executive director Anthony Lake said the high number of crises meant many of them were quickly forgotten or failed to capture global headlines, such as in Afghanistan, Democratic Republic of Congo, Nigeria, Pakistan, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen.
Globally, Unicef said some 230 million children were living in countries and regions affected by armed conflict. "Children have been killed while studying in the classroom and while sleeping in their beds; they have been orphaned, kidnapped, tortured, recruited, raped and even sold as slaves," Lake said in a statement.
"Never in recent memory have so many children been subjected to such unspeakable brutality." Significant threats also emerged to children's health and well-being like the deadly outbreak of Ebola in the West African countries Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, which has left thousands orphaned and some 5 million out of school.
"Violence and trauma do more than harm individual children -they undermine the strength of societies," Lake said. In Central African Republic, where tit-for-tat sectarian violence has displaced one-fifth of the population, some 2.3 million children are affected by the conflict with up to 10,000 believed to have been recruited by armed groups during the past year and more than 430 killed or maimed, Unicef said.
Some 538 children were killed and 3,370 injured in the Palestinian Gaza Strip during a 50-day war between Israeli troops and Hamas militants, it said. In Syria, Unicef said more than 7.3 million children have been affected by the civil war, including 1.7 million who fled the country.
In neighboring Iraq an estimated 2.7 million children have been affected by conflict, it added, with at least 700 believed to have been maimed or killed this year.
"In both countries, children have been victims of, witnesses to and even perpetrators of increasingly brutal and extreme violence," Unicef said. Some 750,000 children have been displaced in South Sudan with 320,000 living as refugees. The United Nations said more than 600 children have been killed and more than 200 maimed this year, while some 12,000 are being used by armed groups.

J-K: Bigwigs face the poll test in the third phaseComments
Sixteen Jammu and Kashmir constituencies go to the polls on Tuesday when more than 1.3 million people are expected to cast their votes under a shadow of violence that hangs over the Valley, days after militant strikes rocked the state.
Security forces are on alert in the third phase of the five-phase elections after last week’s attacks that left 22 dead, including in the three districts of Pulwama, Baramulla and Budgam. Militants lobbed grenades and stormed an army installation in the run-up to the polls that will decide the fate of top leaders, including chief minister Omar Abdullah.
All eyes are on the National Conference (NC) leader’s newly chosen constituency, Beerwah, where he is pitted against the opposition Peoples Democratic Party’s (PDP) sitting legislator Muhammad Shafi Wani. Shia votes, consolidated by the NC over a period of time, are a key to victory in the constituency.
Three of Abdullah’s cabinet colleagues — the NC’s Abdul Rahim Rather, Congress’ Taj Mohiuddin and Democratic Party Nationalist’s Ghulam Hassan Mir — face an anti-incumbency test from Charar-e-Sharief, Uri and Tangmarg constituencies.
Buoyed by stunning successes in back-to-back polls, the BJP is also trying to expand its presence in the militancy-torn state, particularly the Muslim-majority Valley, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed a rally on Monday. The party hopes it will win over independents and smaller groups to cobble together a government if it sweeps the Jammu region’s Hindu-majority seats.
However, the party may not succeed because of the absence of a prominent face. Both the NC and PDP appealed to voters who usually boycott elections, to cast their ballot this time to keep the BJP out.
The first two phases saw record turnouts of over 70%, as Kashmiris defied a separatist call for a poll boycott and bone-chilling cold to cast their vote in a bid to keep the BJP out of the Valley.
For the PDP, the challenge is to retain four seats in its stronghold, Pulwama, where it has fielded a new entrant, former banker Haseeb Drabu. The NC will try to increase its number in central Kashmir, but analysts say the party will lose because of an anti-incumbency wave, especially after the devastating September floods.
NC president Farooq Abdullah’s brother Mustafa Kamal, who moved from Srinagar, is contesting north Kashmir’s Tangmarg constituency. The Congress’ young face, Salman Soz, will take on the PDP’s Javaid Baig in Baramulla.
Analysts are watching Sopore, hometown of hardline Hurriyat chairman Syed Ali Geelani, for poll percentage. Only 19% cast their votes in the 2008 election.

SpiceJet cancels over 1 800 flights | AAI asks SpiceJet to furnish bank guarantee on duesYou are here: Home > Collections > Dgca
SpiceJet cancels over 1,800 flights in domestic sector
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 09.52PM IST
Tags:
Aai
(The air carrier has cancelled…)
CHENNAI: Cash-strapped SpiceJet has cancelled over 1,800 flights across the country for the current month, in signs of mounting troubles for the budget airline.
The air carrier, which is part of Kalanithi Maran-led Sun Group, has cancelled a total of 1,861 flights, a few to Kathmandu in Nepal and all others connecting domestic cities, till December 31, SpiceJet said in an update on its website.
These included 81 flights scheduled for today itself. The large-scale flight cancellations came at a time when the aviation regulator DGCA was considering issuing a show- cause notice to the airline for defying its directives regarding advance bookings.
DGCA has asked the airline to stop taking bookings by tomorrow of more than one month in advance.
Besides, Airports Authority of India (AAI) is said to be considering putting SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode soon if it does not furnish a bank guarantee against its dues to the airport operator, which stand at around Rs 200 crore.
While the regulatory actions might not immediately impact the airline's licence, it could force "a series of actions".
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, DGCA had on Friday also withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees within the coming 10 days.
Shares of SpiceJet, which tumbled 13 per cent in early trade today amid a flurry of negative news including fund drought and large-scale flight cancellations, closed with a loss of 4.39 per cent at Rs 15.25 apiece.
Union Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju also last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
  "We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
Experts said that SpiceJet needs to act fast to avoid problems like Kingfisher, which had to be grounded amid growing financial burden.
SpiceJet reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs 310 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys founder stake sale: Should you worryInfosys founder stake sale: Should you worry?
Puneet Wadhwa | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 10:24 PM IST
Infosys has kept analysts busy with a series of announcements over the past few months. In October, the company’s founders expressed their desire to be known as shareholders, not promoters. While N R Narayana Murthy turned down the offer to be chairman emeritus, Nandan Nilekani, S D Shibulal, S Gopalakrishnan and K Dinesh told the company they no longer wanted to be known as ‘promoters’.
Between October and now, Infosys has surprised the Street with announcement of a 1:1 (one share for every share held) bonus issue, at the time of reporting its above-expectation September quarter results, and held its first analysts’ meet last week under new chief executive (CEO) Vishal Sikka.
Bullish on the company, investors, both domestic and foreign, increased their holding in the September quarter. While foreign institutional investors’ (FIIs’) 42.67 per cent holding was near a record high, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) increased its stake to 4.45 per cent from 3.82 per cent in the previous quarter.
While domestic institutions and FIIs are increasing their stake, the founders are paring their stakes.
On Monday, the founders and their family members sold a 2.8 per cent stake in the company for “personal and philanthropic reasons”, at a 3.9 per cent discount to Friday’s closing price of Rs 2,069.70 a share. The stock hit a low of Rs 1,958.5 in intra-day deals on the BSE before settling at Rs 1,968.6, down 4.9 per cent from its previous close.
“Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani and Dinesh K, and some of their family members, as well as wife of co-founder S D Shibulal, have sold 32.6 million shares of Infosys for approximately Rs 6,484 crore, constituting around 2.8 per cent of shares outstanding. The sale was executed at an average price of Rs 1,988.87. The shares were sold to institutional investors, both FIIs and domestic,” Deutsche Equities India, which was the sole broker, said.
Should these moves worry you as an investor?
Analysts say the company remains on a firm footing and the stake sale by the founders will not impact the fundamentals.
Mayuresh Joshi, vice-president (institutional), Angel Broking, explains: “Whatever the notion around sale of stake by founders, it doesn’t change anything fundamentally for the company. Infosys has been an underperformer when compared with TCS. However, the guidance Vishal Sikka gave at a recent analyst meet is optimistic. Generally, the enthusiasm among company employees is also on the higher side since Sikka assumed charge.”
As regards the recent meet, what stood out, according to analysts, was the positive body language of the new management, compared to a sense of cautious optimism of the founder-managers. It gave a qualitative feel about the work being done with clients in different verticals, aligned with the new CEO’s strategy.
But Ashwin Mehta, an analyst with Nomura who is tracking the company, feels Infosys' transformation will be a mammoth task. The company will have to overcome challenges like smaller revenue share from faster-growing services. Also, high dependence on on-premise software within consulting and SI (systems integration) business, and regaining lost ground in terms of client engagement from very competitive peers.
“We, therefore, see less chance of Infosys surprising on growth in the near term. However, we think the strategy is on the right path, leadership issues are behind the company, and Infosys has a chief executive who greatly improves the company’s profile in the eye of clients. We believe the valuation multiples could trade closer to those of Tata Consultancy Services, versus the 15 per cent discount on 2015-16F price-to-earnings currently, if it can execute well on strategy. Maintain a ‘buy’ rating,” he says.

K taka launches multi-mode mobile governanceAirtel
(The initiative makes Karnataka…)
BENGALURU: President Pranab Mukherjee today launched what is considered the country's first and the world's largest multi-mode mobile governance platform with over 4,500 services called 'Karnataka MobileOne' here.
The initiative makes Karnataka the first state in India to launch a unified mobile platform for delivery of citizens' services, both from government and the private sector through an open platform, which can accept any service and is thus future-proof, state government officials said.
These anytime, anywhere, anyhow services will be available 24x7x365 days at any location in the state on any mobile device, they added.
The Karnataka Mobile One platform services will be availed even on simple low-end phones through integrated voice response (IVR), SMS or Mobile Web.
The platform was launched in the presence of Karnataka Governor Vajubhai Vala and Chief Minister Siddaramaiah .
Secretary e-Governance, IT, BT and S&T Government of Karnataka, Srivatsa Krishna, said using this platform, the people of Karnataka can pay utility bills, property tax, book railway and bus tickets, file income tax, m-passport, driving licenses and do many more citizen-related activities with their smartphones.
Over 4,500 services including G2C, B2C and G2B services can be availed by Karnataka-based citizens through this pioneering initiative, he said.
The app is available for download on Android and iOS platforms and all major mobile service providers, such as Airtel , BSNL , Vodafone , Aircel, Idea and Reliance, are on board with the platform. Citizens can access all services through this platform by dialing a unique 3-digit #161, officials said.
The Karnataka Mobile One will integrate digital media and advertising going forward to enable it to be a self-sustaining model to pay for some select services via advertising revenue, user fees and subscription models.
Citizens can even take a simple picture of a non-functioning services such as potholes or streetlights and send it automatically to the concerned officials for redressal through smart geo-tagging. This initiative named as "ICARE", is a one-of-a-kind government-citizen engagement model, officials said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Online cab companies drop the ball on key safety featureOnline cab companies drop the ball on key safety feature
Binayak Dasgupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 08, 2014
First Published: 18:36 IST(8/12/2014) | Last Updated: 21:54 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
Many taxi booking services in India do not provide a panic button in their mobile applications that can allow a passenger to send out an SOS to select numbers in the event of an emergency, a scenario akin to last week’s alleged rape of a woman in an Uber cab.
 
The crucial safety feature is seen as a potential life-saver and is cheap and easy to incorporate in an app, yet Uber and its domestic rivals such as Ola do not offer the facility, possibly to cut corners, mobile security experts say.
 
Earlier this year, the Union government announced an ambitious project to begin satellite-based tracking of public transport users, particularly with the objective of enabling the SOS feature. It set aside more than `1,000 crore for the project.
 
Autos in the national capital region were mandatorily made to switch to GPS metres that have a panic button, although they are yet to be enabled.
 
"It's very easy to put in such a feature, especially in an application that is already gathering location data", said Animesh Mishra, senior consultant at Delhi-based Stowe Research, a firm that develops web- and mobile-based applications.
 
Uber and Ola's applications run on Android and iOS devices - a vast majority of which come with high-accuracy global positioning system modules that can pinpoint a user's location to a radius of 10 metres.
 
Asked if Uber had considered incorporating such a feature or is planning to do so now, the company only sent a reply that condemned the December 5 alleged rape. It did not comment on the panic button.
 
An Ola spokesperson accepted their application did not have an SOS button. “Customer can share (their cab) details with friends and family members which can be tracked in real time”, said Anand Subramanian, director of marketing communications.
 
Uber has the ability to track all its users as well. In a recent controversy one of its officials was found to have tracked a journalist on the company's 'God View' app - a program available only to its employees.
 
But even for the most efficient of alerting systems, companies would need more complicated programmes that can detect route deviations and set off warnings. In the alleged Delhi rape, the woman had dozed off in the cab and was taken to a secluded place, a route diversion that was not picked up by the service provider.
 
"Detecting a major deviation or delay will not be hard, but smaller detours can be a challenge," Mishra said, adding that apps could also be configured to throw up a warning if a cab enters localities demarcated as unsafe.
 
Meru, another leading Indian taxi service, however, has a panic mode feature.
 
"We have used technology to track each and every trip," Siddhartha Pahwa, Meru's group CEO said in an e-mail statement. He added the company's app has a panic mode feature called ICE (in case of emergency).

More Americans to Buy Homes With 3 Percent DownIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Why Waiting to Sign Up for an Obamacare Plan Could Cost You a Bundlereddit
Attention, shoppers: After today, for those whose employers don't offer health insurance, there will only be seven shopping days left for coverage that starts on January 1, 2015.
December 15 is the last day you will be able to pick an Obamacare plan if you want to be insured beginning New Year's Day.  If you're like most folks, you'll wait until close to the deadline to make a choice.
Don't be like most folks.
If you don't give yourself enough time to sort through the options available to you, you might wind up paying your insurance company a lot more than necessary -- which is exactly what a lot of my former colleagues in the business are hoping for.
Insurance company executives have spent millions of dollars persuading us -- and the people we vote for -- that what we crave is more "choice and competition."  They even bankrolled a group called the Choice and Competition Coalition , which is little more than a public relations and lobbying outfit designed to protect the profitable status quo for health insurers. They do so by making sure certain members of Congress don't even think about giving us the choice and competition that would really make a difference.
That would be the choice of a government-run "public option" to compete with private insurance companies. Insurers spent millions of dollars on lobbying and campaign contributions in a successful effort to strip the public option from the bill that became the Affordable Care Act.
In my 20 years in the insurance industry, I never met anyone who said they were looking forward to picking a health plan. There's a good reason for that. Trying to figure out what's best for yourself and your family can be bewildering. Even with my background in the insurance world, I would rather have a root canal than sit in front of a computer for hours trying to determine which plan offers the best value.
Industry statistics show that once people make a decision, they'll stay with the same plan for years, even if there are other plans available to them that would cost less and provide better coverage.  Why? We don't enjoy the process because we're not educated consumers of insurance. We don't really know what we're doing or what we're buying. Polls have shown that large percentages of Americans don't even have a grasp of basic insurance terms and concepts.
That was borne out by a study released in October by The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the Kaiser Family Foundation. The researchers described insurance literacy barriers as "huge" for most Americans.
Of the millions of people who enrolled in Obamacare plans last year, "many...didn't understand basic concepts like how a deductible works or why premiums must be paid every month," the researchers wrote. "Many consumers also had trouble understanding (Affordable Care Act) premium and cost sharing subsidies."
Knowing this, the Obama administration last week pleaded with folks who will be returning to the marketplace this year to shop around. Chances are good they can save money and get better coverage if they do.
Last year, some insurers offered policies with relatively low premiums to attract customers in a practice known in the industry as "buying market share."  This year, those insurers are hitting their customers with hefty rate increases. An example is Blue Cross Blue Shield of Tennessee, which grabbed 88 percent of the Obamacare market in the Volunteer State with rates considerably lower than its competitors.
Hardly more than six months into the year, the insurer filed documents with state regulators saying it planned to raise rates by an average of 19 percent for its exchange plans for 2015. The insurer couldn't possible have had enough claims data by July to know for sure that it would need to jack rates up that much, but it wanted to be certain its Obamacare business would be profitable next year.
Even with that kind of an increase, chances are great that the insurer's Obamacare members will simply renew their coverage without shopping for a better deal with another company.
The Obama administration said in a report last week that more than 70 percent of people who bought coverage on their state exchanges last year can find a health plan for 2015 that offers the same level of coverage at a lower premium and that 80 percent could find a plan with monthly premiums lower than $100 after subsidies are factored in.
While that sounds like great news, shoppers beware. Plans with the lowest premiums often provide inadequate coverage for a lot of people, especially those who have to take expensive medications and go to the doctor frequently. The bronze plans have considerably lower premiums than the gold and silver plans, but the deductibles are typically much higher.
For 2015, the average deductible for a bronze plan for an individual will be almost $5,200. That means that you'd have to spend that much money out of your own pocket before your insurance coverage kicks in.
One of my biggest complaints about Obamacare, aside from the fact that insurers killed the public option that was once a part of the bill, is that it forces us to gamble with our health and our finances. And most of us are just not insurance literate enough to make the best choices.
Follow Wendell Potter on Twitter: www.twitter.com/wendellpotter
More:
Obamacare Health Care Health Care Reform Affordable Care Act Barack Obama Health Insurance Health Exchange Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Kaiser Family Foundation
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Iraq cuts official crude oil selling price t...You are here: Home > Collections > Asci
Iraq cuts official crude oil selling price to Asia, US
Reuters Dec 8, 2014, 11.57PM IST
Tags:
barrel
(SOMO cut the Basrah Light OSP to…)
LONDON: Iraq has cut the official selling price (OSP) to Asia and the United States in January for its main crude oil export grade, Basrah light, but raised the OSP slightly to Europe, the state oil marketing company said on Monday.
Iraqi state oil marketer SOMO cut the Basrah Light crude OSP to Asia in January to minus $4.00 a barrel versus the Dubai/Oman average from minus $2.15 a barrel in December.
The move follows a sharp reduction to Saudi Arabia's crude oil OSPs to the region last week, in what many analysts and traders have said suggests countries are competing to hold on to their share of an oversupplied market.
SOMO cut the Basrah Light OSP to the United States in January to benchmark ASCI minus 40 cents a barrel from ASCI minus 10 cents a barrel in December, while prices to Europe rose to dated Brent minus $4.35 a barrel in January from minus $4.45 a barrel in December.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Furries sent scrambling by chlorine gas leak at convention hotelA suburban Chicago hotel hosting an annual furries convention, the Midwest FurFest, was forced to evacuate after chlorine powder was discovered in a stairwell. (AP)
Midwest FurFest 2014 may go down as the most discussed and covered convention of furries in history.
The big news this year: The convention hotel — the Hyatt Regency O’Hare — had to be evacuated on Sunday due to chlorine gas, which sent multiple people to the hospital and is being investigated as a criminal act.
“Several thousand people, some dressed as animal characters, were evacuated from a Hyatt hotel in suburban Rosemont, Ill., when an ‘intentional’ chlorine gas incident at the hotel, which was hosting the Midwest FurFest convention, sent 19 people to hospitals early Sunday,” the Chicago Tribune reported .
“The leak, reported at about 12:45 a.m. Sunday, caused a complete evacuation of the hotel,” NBC Chicago reported . “The hotel was hosting the Midwest FurFest convention. Attendees dress up like furry animals and celebrate art, literature and performance based on anthropomorphic animals, according to the convention’s website.”
“People complained of a strong chlorine-like smell on the 8th and 9th floors of the hotel. Several hotel guests complained of nausea and dizziness,” WGN reported . “Several fire trucks and ambulances from Rosemont and surrounding suburbs were called to the scene, as well as the Hazmat and decontamination units.”
“Video from CNN affiliate WGN shows guests dressed as foxes, tigers and bears spilling onto the streets as fire trucks and hazmat crews arrive,” CNN reported .
My only regret about the timing of the evacuation was that it wasn't early enough to disrupt the howl.
— You are at MFF (@StreetFur) December 7, 2014
“This incident is being treated as a criminal matter,” the Rosemont Public Safety Department said in a statement, according to CNN, which added that the department said the source of the smell was a “substance, consistent in odor and appearance to powdered chlorine.”
We need your help! We are seeking information about anyone connected to the cause of Sunday morning's evacuation. #MWFF
— Midwest FurFest (@midwestfurfest) December 7, 2014
From the Chicago Tribune’s very thorough and straight-faced account of the incident :
Thomas Zell, 27, of Arlington Heights, said he was outside with a group of people near the hotel entrance when he saw people being evacuated. Zell said he has been attending FurFest and other conventions in the Hyatt hotel for several years.
“A lot of people thought this was just someone pulling the fire alarm,” Zell said, adding that it is not uncommon for someone to trigger the alarm at such events. “But it was serious this time,” Zell said.
Zell and others said many conventiongoers were dancing and partying in groups in different parts of the hotel when the incident happened.
The Tribune quoted a FurFest attendee by the name of Morgan Smejkal.
“It was shocking,” said Smejkal while standing outside the hotel dressed in a red panda animal suit.
His friend Chris Delaney told the newspaper: “It was like when you walk into a pool. It was pungent.”
The Tribune did not say what kind of costume Delaney was wearing.
Midwest FurFest 2014 resumed as scheduled on Sunday.
Frederic Cesbron, right,walks with Maxim Durand outside the Hyatt Regency O’Hare in Rosemont, Ill., on Sunday, hours after the 2014 Midwest FurFest convention hotel was evacuated. (Nam Y. Huh/AP)
 
J. Freedom du Lac is the editor of The Post's general assignment news desk. He was previously a Local enterprise reporter and, before that, the paper’s pop music critic.

Tis the season for jolly Volokh Conspiracy holiday gifts!By Ilya Somin December 8
It is now the holiday season! And if you are looking for possible gifts for regular Volokh Conspiracy readers in your life, what could better than books by VC bloggers ? Among my favorite books by VC authors are Randy Barnett’s Restoring the Lost Constitution , David Bernstein’s Rehabilitating Lochner , Dale Carpenter, Flagrant Conduct: The Story of Lawrence v. Texas , and Eugene Volokh, Academic Legal Writing.
Randy’s book is one of the best recent works on originalism and constitutional legitimacy; Rehabilitating Lochner explodes numerous myths about one of the Court’s most reviled decisions; Flagrant Conduct is a great account of a milestone in the history of gay rights; and Academic Legal Writing is filled with useful advice, while also making a generally boring subject seem interesting. This list is not intended to slight important books by Ken Anderson , Orin Kerr , David Kopel , David Post , and others. I have not discussed them only because their subjects are further from my areas of expertise than the above.
In the spirit of shameless self-promotion, I will also mention my own Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter , and A Conspiracy Against Obamacare: The Volokh Conspiracy and the Health Care Case (coauthored with VC-ers Randy Barnett, Jonathan Adler, David Bernstein, Orin Kerr, and David Kopel). Democracy and Political Ignorance explains why widespread political ignorance is a serious problem for democracy, and strengthens the case for limiting and decentralizing government power, and for judicial review. Conspiracy Against Obamacare focuses on the VC’s significant role in the Obamacare litigation, and is the only book that includes contributions by six different VC bloggers.
And coming soon, there is The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain . This will be the first book about one of the Supreme Court’s most controversial decisions written by a legal scholar.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Japan s recession deepensJapan s recession deepens
SC notice to Vodafone  Airtel on 3G intra-circle roamingpactBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:50 am
The Supreme Court on Monday issued notices to Airtel, Idea and Vodafone, which were permitted to offer 3G services in areas where not all of them own 3G spectrum.
The court admitted the appeal of DoT against the TDSAT judgement that had allowed 3G intra-circle roaming. TDSAT had overturned government’s ban on offering 3G mobile services beyond their licensed zones via pacts.
It had held that it was in national interest to allow better utilisation of radio frequency.
This had brought relief to the firms, which faced a Rs 1,200 crore penalty for entering into pacts to offer 3G services in regions where they did not win spectrum in the 2010 auction.

Burdwan blast: Sahanur was in touch with 2 JMBleadersWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:48 am
Sahanur Alom alias Ilias, one of NIA’s 12 “most wanted” persons in the Burdwan blast case who was arrested by the Assam Police Friday, had close links with top leaders of Jamaatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB). Police is on the look-out for one Zahid, a top JMB operative believed to be hiding somewhere in Assam.
Zahid, sources said, was sent to Assam to initiate organisational activities after the JMB was banned in Bangladesh. He is also believed to have married a woman from Barpeta district (from where Alom hails), and had reportedly acquired voter ID and ration card.
Sources in Assam Police said Sahanur (32), who is currently being questioned by Special Branch and the NIA, has admitted to have been in regular contact with at least two top JMB leaders, including its “commander” Sajid Sheikh, a Bangladeshi national who was arrested by West Bengal Police near Kolkata airport on November 8. While Sahanur carried a reward of Rs 5 lakh, the NIA had announced a reward of Rs 10 lakh for Sajid.
Sajid, who had escaped to India after the JMB was banned in Bangladesh in the wake of the 2005 serial blasts, had trained boys from both West Bengal and Assam in places like Murshidabad, Burdwan and Birbhum. “That a person from a remote village in Barpeta district in Assam had become close to terrorists like Sajid itself indicates how deep-rooted the JMB conspiracy to create disturbances in Assam has been,” said a senior Assam Police officer.
Another top JMB leader with whom Sahanur admitted to have been close is Yusuf Sheikh alias Moulana Yusuf, a resident of West Bengal who is believed to have made several trips to Assam in the past one year or more. Yusuf, police said, had attended several motivational training programmes organised by Sahanur in Assam to attract young boys to the JMB fold.

Satyam case: EOW court gives Raju 6 months injailBy: Express News Service | Hyderabad |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:47 am
The Special Economic Offences Wing Court at Nampally, Hyderabad, on Monday sentenced B Ramalinga Raju, founder and former chairman of Satyam Computer Services Ltd, and his brother B Rama Raju, to six months imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs 5 lakh, in cases filed by Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
Six former directors including Ram Mynampati and Vadlamani Srinivas, former CFO, and top executives were fined Rs 10 lakh each. Verdict is pending in the main Satyam fraud case probed by CBI, and is expected to be delivered on December 23.
Sebi had filed two criminal complaints in connection with unfair trade practices and insider trading in the former Satyam Computer Services. B Ramalinga Raju, who in a letter to Sebi had admitted to manipulating accounts and inflating the profits of Satyam, was arrested on January 10, 2009 by the CID which later transferred the case to CBI.

SC quashes ban on hookah imposed through locallawsWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:46 am
The Supreme Court on Monday quashed a ban on smoking hookah and providing tobacco to persons who are not minors in the states where the prohibition was clamped through local laws.
A bench of Justices Ranjan Gogoi and Rohinton F Nariman, deciding together the three separate appeals from Maharashtra, Gujarat and Tamil Nadu, held that authorities concerned could not issue orders of absolute ban on tobacco and smoking hookah.
The bench relied on the provisions of the Cigarettes and other Tobacco Products, the Prohibition of Smoking in Public Places Rules and the Regulation of Trade and Commerce Act to conclude that additional conditions like a ban on hookah or a complete ban on tobacco was not in sync with the law.
“It will be noticed that Section 6 of the Cigarettes Act permits the sale of cigarettes and any other tobacco products, except to persons under 18 years of age and in an area within a radius of 100 yards of any educational institution. It is clear that any condition which prohibits the sale of cigarettes or any other tobacco products in premises licensed by the Municipal Corporation would amount to adding another exception which would be impermissible in law,” held the bench. It decided three appeals arising from the 2011 orders of the HCs of three states.
The bench quashed a portion of the circular by the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai which prohibited a hotel owner with a valid licence to keep or sell or provide any tobacco or tobacco related products on the licensed premises. It further set aside the stipulation that hookah or any other apparatus shall not be used in designated smoking areas.
The court underlined that definition of smoking under the Cigarettes Act included smoking of tobacco in any form, with the aid of a pipe, wrapper, or any other instrument, “which would obviously include a Hookah.”
In the Madras HC judgment, a 2011 notice by the municipal body was upheld by the HC.
The bench held that this notice was obviously ultra vires the relevant Acts and Rules since it prevented hotel owners from providing tobacco to persons who are not minors.
The third appeal arose from the Gujarat High Court, which prohibited hotels and restaurants from providing the facility of hookah and banned such bars. The bench set aside this judgment, holding a ban could not be clamped in contravention to a law, which was clear on the subject.

Indias voice-based BPO exports buck doomsdayprojectionsWritten by Anil Sasi | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:46 am
Stifling competition from the Philippines and Mexico notwithstanding, India’s voice-based call centres — the original flagbearer of India’s BPO boom in the mid-nineties — recorded a strong 11 per cent growth in export earnings at $7.4 billion last fiscal.
India’s voice-based BPO sector, which handle customer service and conduct telephonic sales for global clients and accounts for slightly over 40 per cent of the total export revenue of the country’s BPO industry, had recorded a 12 per cent growth in export earnings in 2012-13.
The double-digit growth in export revenues during the last couple of years by India’s voice-based BPO services — comprising around 400 voice-based BPO service providers who serve about 50 countries in more than 30 languages — comes at a time when the economies in the two key markets that it serves (the US and mainland Europe) is still coming out of the downturn.
It is also being seen as significant at a time when analysts had begun to write-off the Indian voice-based BPO services in the wake of the emergence of countries like Philippines, Mexico, South Africa, Costa Rica as alternate destinations in what is called the ‘Customer Interaction Services’ space.
Earlier this year, a ranking of the top 100 BPO destinations published by consultancy Tholons placed Manila as the second-most-important BPO destination globally after Bangalore, pushing Mumbai to third place. Seven Philippine cities made Tholons’ top 100 list, including two in the top 10, with Cebu ranked eighth.
While increasing competition did result in a decline in the export share of the voice-based BPO services marginally by 4 percentage points in the last two years, according to industry body National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM), India is still considered as the world’s most preferred destination for BPO operations and doomsday scenario projections for India’s voice-based BPO industry are gradually beginning to recede.
According to a NASSCOM representative, while the Philippines is emerging as a strong player in pure voice customer service, when it comes to incremental technology-enabled services for customer support and in areas such as technology support, India continues to have a formidable edge. Pure-play BPO firms such as Genpact, EXL and WNS are among those that have moved up from low-end voice jobs at call centres for services that involve higher grade of industry expertise — areas such as legal and healthcare services — and generate stronger profit margins in the back-office service business. The BPO market in the US is expected to grow at 4.3 per cent on a compounded annual growth rate basis, reaching $97.3 billion in 2017, according to research firm IDC.
India’s BPO industry employs over 10 lakh people and contributes to around 25 per cent of the total Information Technology/ Information Technology Enabled Services (IT/ITeS) exports revenue from the country.

12 000 held in MP in 5 years over cow slaughter:MinisterWritten by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:44 am
More than 12,000 people have been arrested on the charges on cow-slaughter and as many as 1,500 have convicted five years since the BJP government in Madhya Pradesh amended the anti-cow slaughter law to make it stricter, the state home minister told the Assembly on Monday.
In the first figures released by the government ever since the Madhya Pradesh Prohibition of Cow Slaughter Act was brought in 2003 by the then CM Uma Bharti, the state government also said 2,346 vehicles have been seized in the last five years for carrying cows for slaughter.
The law was amended in 2010 and cow-slaughter was made a punishable offence in the state with a jail term ranging from one to seven years.  The amended law had also shifted the burden of proof on to the accused.
In a reply submitted to the Assembly, Home Minister Babulal Gaur said that 12,192 people were arrested during the last five years under the act and 1,500 have been convicted. “Directives have been issued for strict implementation of the law to protect cow progeny and stop illegal transportation,’’ said Gaur.
While amending the legislation, the government had argued that the previous law prescribed jail term, fine or both, but did not lay down any minimum term. The offenders used to go home after paying a fine of Rs 10,000, or exploiting other loopholes. While broadening the definition of transporter, the new version had included everyone from driver, owner of the vehicle to the owner and partner of the firm involved in transportation.
The unstarred question was asked by former Bajrang Dal chief and now BJP MLA from Gwalior Jaibhan Singh Pavaiyya. The home minister did not answer the part in which Pavaiyya asked if instructions had been issued to make OCs of police stations accountable (if the crime was committed in their jurisdictions).

Need infrastructure bank; Phase out gas tax: Pethokoukisneed infrastructure bank; phase out gas tax: pethokoukis
I Squared Capital buys out Jaipur Mahua TollwaysI Squared Capital buys out Jaipur Mahua Tollways
Delhi cab rape: Accused driver may have faked papers; Uber services banned in CapitalDelhi cab rape: Accused driver may have faked papers; Uber services banned in Capital
Sensex  Nifty records worst drops in 8 weeksSensex  Nifty records worst drops in 8 weeks
Airtel Digital TV to launch self care appAirtel Digital TV to launch self care app
BS Reporter |  Dec 09, 2014 12:28 AM IST
Airtel Digital TV, direct-to-home (DTH) service arm of Bharti Airtel, will roll out a self-care application for television sets. This is a first-of-its-kind initiative by a DTH service provider, where an app will enable customers with an Airtel Digital TV HD set-top-box to access their Airtel Digital TV account details real-time on their television sets, without the need to reach out to a customer support centre.
This is similar to the My Airtel mobile app, which allows users to pay bills, avail of discounts and value added services and recharge their account on the go. The television app can be accessed by connecting the set-top-box to an internet connection via a local area network cable. The app will serve as a one-stop-shop to check real time account balance or order movies or add any channel top-up or even see the last recharge history anytime from one’s TV itself.
The DTH player will also launch its plug and play Wi-Fi dongle, Airtel Infinity.
Currently, while most DTH players have the option for TV on the go, recharging or topping up of accounts can be done only via the customer care centre, the STB interface or individual payment sites such as banks or e-currency sites.
The DTH player will also launch its plug and play Wi-Fi dongle, Airtel Infinity.
The Wi-Fi dongle will allow customers to connect their HD/HD+ and HD DVR set-top-boxes to the internet using an existing Wi-Fi connection, without the need of any additional wiring for enabling the broadband/LAN access on their set-top-box.
“While the app usage is absolutely free, the dongle will be launched at an introductory price of Rs 849 only. Customers will also be able to easily enjoy a host of services like Airtel’s exhaustive video library service - On-Demand TV and catch up on last 6 days of pre-recorded TV shows. “The Wi-Fi dongle will be revealed at Google’s ‘Great Online Shopping Festival’ starting on December 9 and will be exclusively available on gosf.in via infibeam.com until December 12 post which it will be available on shop.airtel.com,” the company informed.
Customers who connect their HD/DVR set-top-box to an internet connection via LAN or Wi-Fi dongle Infinity will be able to automatically access the Self-Care app once connected.

Radio Classroom: Bring Learning Back to the Ebola Zonereddit
As a mother of two, I know all parents want the best for their children which includes an education. For millions of children in Sierra Leone and Liberia, the Ebola outbreak has put their education and their futures on hold.
Fifteen-year-old Mada Karimu has not been to his school since it closed on July 18th. But he's still learning. All he needs is a notebook and a small radio, on which he listens to classes each day.
More than 5,000 people have died in the worst Ebola outbreak the world has ever seen and more cases are confirmed each day. Tragically, Ebola's devastation does not end there. In Sierra Leone and Liberia, the countries hardest hit, whatever progress was made after years of brutal civil war has largely disintegrated.
Education -- the backbone of these countries' futures -- is not immune to Ebola's insidious reach. Schools across Liberia and Sierra Leone were forced to close their doors indefinitely, leaving Mada and three million other children unsure of when they will be able to go back, if ever.
This year I became the Global Ambassador of Concern Worldwide , an organization that for nearly five decades has been helping communities in 25 of the poorest and most volatile countries in the world to break the cycle of extreme poverty. Sierra Leone and Liberia are no exception. Concern has worked in those countries since the 1990s when they were both embroiled in civil wars. Today, Concern is doing whatever it takes to stop the spread of the disease, from managing the safe burial of bodies to educating people on how Ebola is contracted.
Concern is also helping children like Mada continue their education despite the outbreak. With schools shuttered, Concern is working with the governments in both countries to expand, improve, and deliver lessons by radio by bringing the classroom straight to children's homes. We are also training teachers and community members who will work with small groups of children, focusing on basic reading and math skills, and are getting books, stationery, and other learning materials out to families.
For these children, many of whom have lost family and friends to Ebola, the impact of having books to read and classes to tune into every day is even deeper than their education. It creates a sense of normalcy and stability when everything else seems uncertain.
Tuesday, December 2 is #GivingTuesday, the only day dedicated to giving back, and we hope you'll join us to reach as many kids as we can with tools to keep them learning.
Mada's favorite subject is science which he hopes to study at university someday. His dream is to one day be president of Sierra Leone. Together, we can make sure Ebola does not rob him and others of the future they envisioned before the outbreak.
Concern Worldwide is an international non-governmental organization dedicated to reducing extreme poverty through emergency response, recovery and development programs. For information, please visit concernusa.org or follow us on Twitter (@Concern). To join Toni Collette and help keep kids in Sierra Leone and Liberia learning, please visit here .
This post is part of a series produced in celebration of #GivingTuesday, which will take place this year (2014) on December 2. The idea behind #GivingTuesday is to kickoff the holiday-giving season, in the same way that Black Friday and Cyber Monday kickoff the holiday-shopping season. The Huffington Post will feature posts on #GivingTuesday all month in November. To see all the posts in the series, visit here ; follow the conversation via #GivingTuesday and learn more here .
More:

California Drought Is The Most Severe Seen In 1 200 YearsCalifornia Drought, High Temperatures Create Worst Conditions In 1,200 Years
Reuters
Updated:
12/08/2014 10:59 am EST
FILE - In this May 1, 2014 file photo, fourth-generation rice farmer Josh Sheppard walks across the dried-up ditch at his rice farm in Richvale, Calif. In Santa Cruz, Calif., dozens of residents who violated their strict water rations take a seat at Water School, hoping to get hundreds of thousands of dollars in distressing penalties waived. California is in the third year of the state's worst drought in recent history. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
SACRAMENTO, Calif., Dec 5 (Reuters) - A combination of record high temperatures and sparse rainfall during California's three-year drought have produced the worst conditions in 1,200 years, according to a study accepted for publication by the  American Geophysical Union (AGU).
The state has gone through numerous periods of dry weather, with as little or less rainfall as the past few years, but  scientists looking at the cumulative effects of temperature, low precipitation and other factors said that it all adds up to the  worst conditions in more than a millennium.
"The current California drought is exceptionally severe in the context of at least the last millennium and is driven by  reduced though not unprecedented precipitation and record high temperatures," the report's authors said in the study released late Thursday.
The study by the University of Minnesota and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution said that warm, dry conditions have  shrunk the supply of surface water from reservoirs, streams and the Sierra Nevada snowpack in the state, even as demand from people and farms has gone up, resulting in unprecedented  scarcity.
Despite its conclusion that several factors add up to the worst conditions in 1,200 years, the report's authors point out that six years during that period were possibly drier than 2014, and that three-year-droughts are not unusual in the state.
Even so, the report said, the latest drought stands out because of its "cumulative severity."
The report has been peer-reviewed but not yet edited for publication, so some of the wording in it may change, a  spokesman said.
It comes as California is experiencing a wet start to December that could result in 12-inches (30 cm) of rain and yards (meters) of snow over the next two weeks, according to the forecasting service Accuweather.
In October, the AGU published a study by NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York City saying that the 1934 U.S. drought, which caused the upheaval known as the Dust Bowl, was the worst in 1,000 years.
(Reporting by Sharon Bernstein; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Also on HuffPost:

Market Capitalisation: Top six cos lose Rs 54 053 cr in market valuationDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Weakness in the stock market led six of the top-10 most valued companies lose Rs 54,053 crore in market valuation last week, with IT majors TCS and Infosys taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, ONGC, RIL, Infosys, SBI and HDFC Bank saw decline in their market capitalisation (m-cap) for the week ended on Friday, December 5, ITC, CIL, ICICI Bank and HUL made gains.
The m-cap of TCS tumbled Rs 12,663.17 crore to reach Rs 5,05,048.22 crore. Rival Infosys’ valuation plunged Rs 12,624.58 crore, to Rs 2,37,699.32 crore.
ONGC’s market cap tanked Rs 11,678.24 crore and was at Rs 3,13,002.61 crore, while RIL lost Rs 10,698.27 crore to Rs 3,09,822.54 crore.
Similarly, HDFC Bank’s valuation dipped Rs 3,551.75 crore to Rs 2,27,771.10 crore and SBI lost Rs 2,836.98 crore to Rs 2,37,148.94 crore.
On the other hand, the m-cap of ITC surged Rs 22,722.38 crore to Rs 3,12,642.30 crore, while HUL gained Rs 7,218.56 crore to Rs 1,77,371.56 crore.
ICICI Bank’s valuation rose by Rs 4,979.57 crore to reach Rs 2,08,109.93 crore, and CIL added Rs 1,073.78 crore to touch Rs 2,25,146.81 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at the numero- uno position, followed by ONGC, ITC, RIL, Infosys, SBI, HDFC Bank, CIL, ICICI Bank and HUL.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex fell by 235.89 points or 0.82 per cent to conclude at 28,458.10.
More from indianmarkets

Making India Inc. accountableUpdated: December 9, 2014 02:59 IST
Making India Inc. accountable
government
It is not the responsibility of the government alone to act in order to curb corruption; corporate firms need to be proactive as well in checking fraudulent financial practices
The winter session of Parliament witnessed a noisy debate on the black money controversy. Governments of all hues have disappointed the Indian janata on the issue of black money and the failure is often associated with a perceived nexus between politicians and big business, weak laws and poor enforcement. At the G20 summit in Brisbane, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had made statements regarding getting international cooperation to bring the unaccounted wealth of Indian individuals and organisations back from global tax havens, but back home these have not inspired much confidence.
A recent report from the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) hints at multinational companies using internal loans and complex financial structures as a strategy for tax evasion. The OECD report raises several concerns relating to the erosion of the tax base in countries due to multinational companies adopting such practices.
The Global Financial Integrity Report, released in December 2013, shows that 60 per cent of black money generated in developing countries such as India happens because of corporate tax evasion. In this report, India figures among the six Asian countries that are in the top 15 exporters of illicit capital, mostly due to trade-based money laundering. The report further says real GDP growth is significantly related to driving the flow of illicit money.
What that means is that greater economic growth and greater international trade is only likely to increase illicit capital flows out of the country. A 2012 White Paper on Black Money brought out by the Finance Ministry had observed that in India, more than 60 per cent of global trade is carried out by associated enterprises of multinational enterprises, with shifting of taxable income from high-tax to low-tax jurisdictions in these enterprises being a favoured method for minimising tax liability.
While the current discourse has largely focussed on the question of bringing back illicit money that has already been transferred discreetly to Swiss banks, there is also need for concentrating attention closer home and looking at ways to strengthen vigil mechanisms that will ensure the accountability of corporate firms in India.
The Switzerland envoy’s comments that India must show proof of fraud before seeking information on black money stashed in Swiss banks point to the absence of a healthy monitoring mechanism to curb fraudulent financial transactions at home
Supply side of corruption
Corruption, which includes concerns pertaining to black money, has a supply side to it as well. The moment we take cognisance of this, it would become evident why checking corruption at the source is crucial for addressing present concerns. It is not the responsibility of the government alone to act in order to curb corruption; corporate firms need to be proactive as well in checking such practices.
The 2014 Global Fraud Survey conducted by Ernst & Young’s (EY) Fraud Investigation and Dispute Services (FIDS) wing shows that “unethical behaviour” persists among Indian businesses with practices to win/retain businesses ranging from offering entertainment, making cash payments, giving personal gifts and misstating company’s financial performance. A whopping 71 per cent of participants in the survey said at least one of these practices for winning/retaining businesses was “justified” in India. Further, to the question whether bribery/corruption happens widely in businesses in India, 68 per cent of the participants answered in the affirmative. The report further shows that 71 per cent of Indian participants had not received any anti-corruption training and 53 per cent also reported the absence of whistle-blowing hotlines for monitoring compliance with anti-corruption laws in India. In another 2014 survey by EY FIDS on the compliance with the whistle-blowing framework provided under the Companies Act, 2013, only 13 per cent of the respondents indicated that their whistle-blowing frameworks were fully compliant with what was required by law.
The survey also stated that only 22 per cent of the respondents had implemented the framework because they considered the structured mechanism integral to their business operations. The principal respondents of this survey comprised senior executives in business functions, including internal audit and legal compliance, representing Indian enterprises with domestic operations as well as Indian subsidiaries of MNCs.
Arpinder Singh, Partner and National Leader at EY FIDS, who oversaw the surveys, said, “While many organisations had a whistle-blower policy in place, half of the respondents offered only one channel for reporting of complaints — which is more a ‘tick in the box’ approach than actually reaping the real benefits of a whistle-blowing framework. This shows that while organisations are taking the initial steps to be compliant, they still have a long way to go in establishing a robust whistle-blowing framework.”
What we can infer from this is there is not enough incentive for reporting of financial malpractice among Indian enterprises at present. Since its revision, the Companies Act 2013 has introduced a provision for mandatory vigil mechanism to monitor fraudulent practices, and also ensured the appointment of independent directors, who must “ascertain and ensure” that the company has an “adequate and functional” vigil mechanism and that the interests of the person using this mechanism are protected.
Whistle-blowing frameworks within companies cannot be an answer for addressing ongoing black money-related concerns since the matter largely falls within the realm of banking and taxation. But they help in pressuring companies to comply with anti-fraud mechanisms mandated by law.
Speaking from a Companies Act perspective, Mr. Singh said that specific revisions as well as additional guidance focussed on vulnerable industries such as gems and jewellery, real estate, NGOs, etc., which are currently unregulated from an anti-money laundering perspective, call for strengthening compliance to the monitoring framework. Having a reporting mechanism to an independent body such as the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU), under the Ministry of Finance, could also be considered as a good starting point, he added.
Lessons from the U.S.
The anti-fraud mechanisms available in the United States have saved millions of dollars of losses to the government there. These offer valuable lessons for India. Andrew Beato, chair, False Claims Act and Whistleblower Practice Group at Stein Mitchell Muse Cipollone & Beato LLP, said the False Claims Act in the U.S. allows citizens to report instances of abuse of public money for personal gain. “For every dollar that the U.S. government invests in implementing this law, they earn back 20 dollars,” he said. To cover tax frauds, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service runs a separate whistle-blower programme. He cited the example of Bradley Birkenfeld, the whistle-blower in the tax evasion case involving Swiss global financial services company UBS AG in which cross-border fraud by American citizens to the tune of $780 million was exposed. The IRS whistle-blower programme helped Mr. Birkenfeld win $104 million from the tax authorities in return for his services. Mr. Beato, who had represented the case of the Ranbaxy whistle-blower Dinesh Thakur in the U.S. courts, said that the absence of a comparable mechanism in India to safely report corporate fraud compelled Indian citizens to turn to the U.S. to report such practices.
In an interview published in The Hindu on December 3 , Switzerland’s envoy to India Linus von Castelmur had remarked that India must show proof of fraud before seeking information from them on the illegal wealth of Indians held in their banks. The envoy’s comments draw attention to the perils of not having a healthy monitoring mechanism to curb fraudulent financial transactions in India. The hard lesson for India remains that curbing financial fraud, like charity, has to begin at home.
vidya.v@thehindu.co.in

Set for the next cycle of growth: Indusind BankIndusInd Bank
Rating: Add
Raising the bar as the new cycle begins. Post our recent interaction with the management, we expect IndusInd Bank to emerge different, but far stronger than before as the third phase of development has begun this year. Even as the bank would continue to increase its presence across India, the loan mix and revenue drivers are likely to be diversified with a greater emphasis on new mediums to acquire/retain clients. An attractive idea, but valuations are rich. Maintain Add with a revised TP (target price) at R800 (from R680 earlier).
Planning cycle 3.0–building on 3D: dominate, diversify and differentiate: Our recent interaction with IndusInd Bank revolved around the strategy adopted by the bank for the next cycle of growth. It essentially rests on three pillars: dominate, diversify and differentiate. We like the bank’s strategy that is aimed at (i) increasing points of contact with the customer, but look at geographies where the bank can dominate, (ii) identifying new ways to engage with the customer, and (iii) building new revenue streams by expanding into new loan segments and fee pools. Given the strong track record on execution under the two different planning cycles, we see the probability of success as reasonably high. As we exit the current cycle, we believe that the loans would see lower dominance of commercial vehicles on assets, greater share of low-cost liability and strong performance on fee income to represent the bank.
Revenue growth drivers broadly intact; softening of cost of funds should aid improvement: With limited concern on impairment-related issues, we draw comfort from the fact that the management has been largely focusing on building scale at this stage. The bank is expanding its distribution network strongly, a trend that is likely to continue over the next few years. The bank is adequately compensated for this phase of expenditure as the revenue growth is likely to remain strong at 20% CAGR (compound annual growth rate) on the back of strong growth in NII (net interest income) (20-22% CAGR) and non-interest income (18-20% CAGR). Any decline in wholesale cost of funds and ability of the bank to continuously improve CASA (current account savings account) ratio should aid faster revenue growth. The bank is well-capitalised with tier-1 ratio at 12% and healthy RoEs (return on equity) of 18-19%.
Valuations are rich; our positive view reflects the potential earnings growth: At 3.4x book and 20x FY2016e EPS (earnings per share), IndusInd Bank is probably closer to our fair value. Valuations, in our view, are at the upper end, giving little headroom for expansion from current levels.
The stock is pricing in strong recovery in business and assigning a high probability of success to most of the recent initiatives taken by the bank. However, our positive rating essentially is driven by the superior execution, strong return ratios and scalability of the business given the size of the bank and opportunity in the market. We have marginally increased our earnings estimates, but have increased our TP to R800 (from R680 earlier) to reflect roll-forward of earnings, which gives an upside of about 5% from the current levels.
By  Kotak Institutional Equities
TAGS: IndusInd Bank
More from companies

Record cafe: States not prepared for GST  27% rate cant workMake in India needs a tax boost
While the Centre is targeting an April 2016 deadline for implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST), many states have taken steps derailing even the Value-Added Tax (VAT) system. Satya Poddar, tax partner, Policy Advisory Services, EY, in an extensive conversation with Sunil Jain, explains how states are ill-prepared to implement GST and why a 27% rate is not workable at all. Excerpts:
Do you think GST can be rolled out with the 27% rate proposed, keeping out petroleum and liquor in the beginning but bringing them into the GST fold once it settles down?
The way to ensure compliance is to start with a tax at a low rate. At the 27% rate, the compliance for GST would be very poor, for two reasons. First, at such a high rate, retailers will not invoice a sale to the customer because no customer would take an invoice and pay the tax. So, the standard refrain of the retailer would be, “If you don’t invoice, it is fine”. This way, the whole system breaks down. Second, the rate is proposed at 27% because states are refusing to broaden the tax base. This leads to distortions in competition. Take, for example, chocolates. When these are taxed at 27% and some other food items have a zero-tax rate, there will be arbitrage; people will do everything to hide the sales of taxable products and classify these under the exempt categories. Go to a kirana store selling chocolates, biscuits and rice; it would never record the sales of taxable products. Thus, an easy way of avoiding tax is provided if the dealer has a mixed inventory of taxable and non-taxable products. Consider cooking oil. It is taxable at a low rate or exempt in some states, but if it is sold as hair oil, a cosmetic, it is taxable at 27%. There are court cases on it. Marico, which sells coconut oil, has moved the Supreme Court. The rule is that if oil is sold in a container of less than 100 ml or 200 ml, then it is treated as hair oil. But if the container holds more than 200 ml, then it is treated as cooking oil. Imagine the arguments a kirana guy will have with the consumer while selling different volumes of the same product from the same shelf!
In order to bring the rate down, you have to broaden the base. Rolling out the GST with a rate of 27% will lead to a vicious circle, where even that 27% rate will not be able to give you revenue neutrality.
But wouldn’t dealers, who are not part of the tax base now, be incentivised to get into the tax net by the virtue of the GST offering seamless input credit on value addition based on invoices at every point of sale?
That is the way it should have been right now, under VAT. But it is not so because states are not enforcing it properly. Their computerised systems are defective or incomplete. More importantly, the tax rate is quite high. Even at the 14.5% that states levy now, they are not able to collect the tax.
Are you saying VAT buoyancy has reduced because states are not able to collect it efficiently?
Exactly. Besides, some states are taking retrograde steps, such as collecting the tax only from the manufacturer. Punjab is collecting VAT from the manufacturers, at the first point of sale. A month ago, UP announced that rather than collecting the tax from the vendor when he makes a sale to customer, the customers will now be required to deduct the tax. So, when you sell me the goods for R100 with R14 as tax, I am supposed to pay R114 to you and you send R14 to the government. But you are not sending R14 to the government, and perhaps you are sell the goods to me for R112. Now, UP has brought in the rule that the customer is supposed to withhold the tax and pay the same to the government. Then, many states are denying input tax credit for goods sold. In the beginning, input tax credit was denied only when a stock transfer of goods was made from one state to another, which attracts no CST. The states’ argument was that if a company avoids CST by way of stock transfer, then they would deny 2% of the input tax credit on sales made within the state on which VAT is payable. But now, states like Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and even Gujarat have increased the amount of credit that is denied on inter-state sales and even in local sales. Tamil Nadu denies input tax credit to the extent of 5%.
VAT payable to a government is the output tax minus the input tax. Now, these states say that VAT is the output tax minus the restricted input tax deduction. And restricted input tax deduction means no credit up to 4% of the tax. The moment input tax credit is restricted, there is no longer a VAT. The worse thing is when input tax is collected and no input tax credit is given. Then, it becomes a turnover tax; and VAT was designed to get rid of the turnover tax. Nothing destroys an economy like a turnover tax. When the customs union was formed in the EU, the first thing they did was to get rid of the turnover tax and replace it with the VAT.
How accurate is the tax base that is under consideration by various panels?
There are three data sources for calculating the tax base. One is the national accounts data, aggregate consumer expenditure in the national accounts. The second method, which the Finance Commission taskforce (chaired by Arbind Modi) on GST used, is based on the turnover declared for corporate income tax. You can infer the VAT base from this and make some adjustments for exports and imports. The third method is to take the declared turnover for the VAT on goods and declared turnover for service tax. The National Institute of Public Finance and Policy’s (NIPFP) number is based on the third method. But, the  Finance Commission taskforce relied on income tax data as it is comprehensive on turnover because there is no distinction between exempt goods and taxable goods or exempt services and taxable services. Based on that, the taskforce came up with a very low revenue-neutral rate (RNR) for GST, of less than 12%. The taskforce  computed the tax in three different rates and took the average rate from the three methods, which came to 11.3%, and then rounded it off to 12%. I find this the most respectable method. The NIPFP has used the third method, which is fine, provided you are collecting data only on the taxes paid and declared. But both the VAT and service tax systems have massive exemptions. Even the negative list of services, those that are not taxable, has about 100 items. Previously, the positive list of taxable items had about 100 items. The VAT also has many items in the negative list. The initial list had 29 items. The VAT base could be as small as 50% of what should be the actual base! The same is true for the service tax base as well.
The states have not made any serious attempt to broaden the base, except for adding one or two items such as textiles and sugar. In fact, the (proposed) rate is going up now because it has to compensate for the states’ revenue loss on CST and VAT, which will lead to a higher rate than the rate today (of existing central and state taxes).
The disagreement between the Centre and the states on inclusion of petroleum products in GST is on the account of denying input tax credit at the intermediate stage, such as to a refinery. It is not about denying credit for the taxes paid on a finished petroleum product, which can be an input for other businesses, say for an airline buying jet fuel and not being able to use that credit for meeting its final tax liability…Yes. It is at the intermediate stage where tax-cascading is the most significant. Even if states are allowed to levy the supplementary taxes, these can only be levied on the finished products, but not on the required industrial inputs.
Wouldn’t it solve states’ revenue loss issue if the Union government compensates them for supplementary taxes?
The Centre can compensate states permanently, as is being demanded now. But it is refusing to give a permanent compensation by including a provision for it in the Constitution. Second, states can protect it by having the right to levy entry taxes. That is what Maharashtra is fighting for.
You don’t see the possibility of starting GST with a 27% rate and then gradually reducing it?
GST can never get started with a 27% rate because compliance would be very poor at this rate. It will be a non-starter. Second, I can guarantee a 27% GST will not give you the revenue that states get today. Because of poor compliance, states will start losing revenue dramatically.
TAGS: Goods And Services Tax
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

Editorial: Reliance Industries goes to MexicoDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
When a top Indian firm invests overseas, there are two ways of looking at it, as the first step in the creation of an Indian MNC—like the Tatas did with Corus and JLR—or as an indication of the hostile investment environment in the country. Which category does the Reliance Industries MoU with Mexico’s PEMEX come under? It is difficult to say, and certainly Reliance has so much invested in India, there is no danger of the Mexican MoU supplanting the India investments. Indeed, according to the press statement put out by Reliance on its MoU, this could result in a lot more business for Reliance’s Indian refinery as Mexico looks to get more value-add from its exports of crude oil. Indeed, with 60% of
Reliance’s Indian turnover coming from exports, continuous investment in the refinery and the petrochem business is a given.
That said, it has to be a big setback to India’s exploration plans if the country’s most prolific investor is going to find itself preoccupied with finding oil in Mexico’s deep waters instead of India’s. While India is still not considered to be a great country in terms of finding oil/gas—though Reliance’s and Cairn’s success has blunted that a bit—around 270 locations with more than 2,300 exploration opportunities have been identified in deepwater Mexico. According to one estimate, Mexico’s deep water reserves have the potential to unlock 29 billion barrels of oil. Given how, in India, Reliance’s $11 billion investment in the KG Basin is in all manner of trouble, and there is no saying when the arbitration will get over—the one on cost-recovery has begun, but the gas price one is nowhere near beginning—it is not surprising the company is looking for some quicker returns. In the US, where Reliance has shale operations, the turnover has overtaken those of the Indian operations. Even by Q4 FY13, the Indian revenues were much larger at R1,597 crore versus R1,063 crore for the US. By Q4 FY14, however, the wheels had turned and the Indian revenues were R1,417 crore versus R1,646 crore in the US. In terms of ebitda, the US operations have been more profitable for several quarters—in Q4 FY14, US ebitda was R1,231 crore versus R847 crore for the Indian exploration and production piece.
But all of this will change, many assume, once the government comes out with Phase 2 of its gas price hike—that is, when there is a premium given for wells in the deep and ultra-deep waters over the $5.6 per mmBtu price for all other gas. While that may have been the government’s intention, certainly the gas pricing guidelines issued don’t reflect this. What the guidelines talk of is a premium for deep and ultra-deep waters, but only for ‘all discoveries after the issuance of these guidelines’. That is, unless there is some quick correction in the guidelines, all the deep water discoveries made already—but which have not yet been developed—may not get the higher premium. It is in this context that Reliance’s PEMEX MoU has to be viewed.
TAGS: Reliance Industries
More from companies

Editorial: Good medicineProbe Manmohan Singh, Birla roles in coal blocks: Court to CBI
Given India’s dysfunctional pharmaceutical policies, it is not surprising the US has India on its IPR watch list. While US firms have a problem with India’s Patent Act, the Act is in conformity with WTO norms if the US takes India to the WTO’s Dispute Settlement Board. The Act prevents frivolous patenting and is quite strict in terms of issuing patents only to new and novel discoveries; given how many big pharma firms try to evergreen patents, this is a good provision.
Various other controls only serve to aggravate tensions between the government and pharmaceutical firms, and not just those based in the US. Apart from arbitrary price controls over large parts of the industry, there is a ceiling on how much prices can be raised each year for the entire industry. Equally problematic is the issue of compulsory licences. The provision seemed appropriate when it was introduced as it was seen as an emergency provision, to be used in the case of, say, an Ebola outbreak. If, the philosophy was, a patent-holder did not either produce enough of the medicines or priced it too high during an epidemic, a compulsory licence could be issued—this would allow a third party to produce the drug at a pre-negotiated price and in sufficient quantities. But India has not applied this national emergency clause while issuing compulsory licences. In the case of Bayer’s kidney and liver cancer drug Nexavar, though the number of affected persons ran into a few thousand, Natco Pharma was issued a compulsory licence. The better alternative would have been for the government to negotiate a lower rate with Bayer, or even subsidise the cost of the medicine if it deemed fit.
This is where the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) is doing a good job, as FE reported last week, in asking the health ministry to go slow on compulsory licensing. In the case of US-based Bristol-Myers Squibb’s celebrated anti-leukaemia drug Dasatinib and Swiss-firm Roche’s breast-cancer drug, DIPP has asked the health ministry to let it know how many people are affected by the diseases and how that qualifies as a national emergency or epidemic. It is high time others in the government such as the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority realised that their high-handedness is hurting Indian patients since cutting-edge drugs that cost billions of dollars will never be produced or marketed in India once innovators feel they are getting the short end of the stick.
More from economy

Columns: RBIs room for rate cutsMake in India needs a tax boost
Two announcements in the monetary policy review exercise were unusual compared to the normal syntax which we outside analysts are so fond of parsing. One was the line in the statement that read “if current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, …  a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle”. The last time an off-cycle policy change happened (other than the July 15, 2013, hike in MSF rate post the violent volatility in currency) was in July 2010 when a 75 basis points (bps) hike in the repo rate was announced, staggered in two phases. There have been other times when rates were changed, but these were mostly cuts post the 2008 global financial crisis.
Although there is a small chance that an early, off-cycle, late-January 2015 cut might actually materialise (if CPI inflation and industry activity numbers are significantly weaker than expected), the likelihood is actually larger for an early-March 2015 cut, if RBI should choose to wait to read the Budget contours instead of initiating the cut in the next policy meet on February 3. This makes more sense, since the alternative would be to wait till early April, missing precious time before the rate cuts start working to lower cost of funds.
So, assuming that the contingent conditions and expectations are met, the likelihood of rate cuts can be presumed to be high. Or can it? During the course of RBI interactions with research analysts after the policy announcement, Governor Raghuram Rajan, in response to a query on the appropriate neutral real interest rate (i.e., nominal interest rate minus inflation) stated, “Today, world real interest rates are about between 1.5% and 2% depending on the country that you go to; I am talking about long-term real interest rates. So, my guess is that would be approximately where we would go in the normal phase of the cycle”. The following, in the spirit of a semiotic parsing of the statement, is a decomposition of the syntax on how much the repo rate might be feasibly cut.
The 1.5-2% real interest rates are indicative neutral real interest rates—it is clear that this is the operating range. Would this mean that, with the expected CPI inflation over the next year at 6% and the repo rate at 8%, there is a negligible chance of a rate cut? Note, however, the key contingent and conditional phrases: “today”, “long-term real interest rates”, “normal phase of the cycle”.
Rajan had patiently laid out the complexity of analysing real interest rates prior to his indicative target range. There are a wide variety of interest rates and an even larger range of inflation metrics. The basic signaling interest rate is the policy rate, the repo, which anchors the structure of interest rates, the yield curve. RBI fixes this anchor, and ensures appropriate money (liquidity) in the system to keep overnight or ultra short-term rates in a close proximity. Floating out from the anchor repo rate are interest rates on government bonds of different maturities (the sovereign-yield curve) which forms the benchmark for interest rates on other non-government bonds. The shape of the sovereign-yield curve evolves on the basis of economic factors, like the demand and supply of these bonds, inflation expectations, etc. These interest rates are typically higher than sovereign rates of corresponding maturities, given the perception of credit and liquidity risk associated with these papers. Each of these interest rates is relevant to a particular class of borrowers (bond issuers). Banks are one of the more important class of borrowers (through deposits —particularly term deposits, Certificates of Deposit (CD), and other bond issues as part of their Tier-2 capital). Depending on the extent of demand for credit, banks raise funds through term deposits and CDs, which have typically remained around 100-150 bps over the repo rate for funds with maturities of over a year (about 68% of bank term deposits in FY13 were of maturities of less than 2 years). Combined with CD rates, overall cost of funds are also in this range. Pricing in credit risk and margins, cost of funds for bank borrowers have been 200-400 bps above the repo rate.
So, for banks, an effective “real interest rate” would practically mean the difference between the blended cost of funds and the inflation rate. For borrowers, the effective real interest rate would be even higher. In addition, there are a range of inflation rates which are relevant for specific classes of economic agents: CPI inflation for consumers, WPI (in general) for producers. WPI inflation is currently running more than 3 percentage points lower than CPI. This then provides ample room for cutting rates, while still consistent with the Governor’s neutral rate indication.
Then there is the phrase, “normal phase of the cycle”. Is India currently in such a phase? Hardly. Whatever the analytic measure of our “potential” growth rate, there will not be too great an opposition to the hypothesis that growth can (and probably should) be at least a couple of percentage points higher over the next few years. In short, despite the rather grim implications of the Governor’s statement on the perceived neutral real interest rate, there seems indeed to be room for rate cuts.
By Saugata Bhattacharya
TAGS: Reserve Bnak Of India
More from fecolumnist
Column: Look beyond inflation-targeting By not reducing policy rates, RBI is, in effect, dampening investment and, consequently, employment generation...

Mutual fund assets drop by Rs 5 344 crore to Rs 10.9 lakh crore in NovemberFalling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets
The asset base of mutual fund industry dropped by Rs 5,344 crore to Rs 10.90 lakh crore in November mainly on account of outflow from ‘money market’ segment.
The country’s 45 fund houses together had an average AUM of Rs 10,90,309 crore at the end of November 30, 2014, down from Rs 10,95,653 crore in the preceding month, according to the data by Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI).
The AUM data for individual fund house is not being disclosed.
Industry experts said the monthly decline in AUM is largely on account of withdrawal from money market or liquid segment.
Liquid or money market (debt-oriented mutual fund schemes) segment witnessed an outflow of Rs 52,460 crore during the month.
Overall, mutual funds (MF) saw a net pullout of Rs 25,628 crore.
The assets managed by mutual funds had crossed Rs 10 lakh crore mark for the first time in May on the back of a sustained rally in markets after the formation of a new government at the Centre.
TAGS: Association Of Mutual Funds In India
More from markets
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

Acer returns with Liquid Jade  Liquid E700; priced at Rs 11 999  Rs 16 999 on SnapdealFacebook's India user base grows to 112 million
Acer is back with its smartphone portfolio in India, launching two budget phones exclusively on snapdeal.com. The company, popular for its computing devices, has launched the premium looking Liquid Jade and value for money Liquid E700 smartphones priced Rs 11,999 and Rs 16,999 respectively.
Allen Burnes, Acer Group’s Vice-President Smart Phones Business, said while the Liquid Jade will appeal to the elegant, beauty conscious and highly social user, the Liquid E700 is more suited to the business traveller who want to remain  connected round the clock.
The Acer Liquid Jade features a curved ergonomic body with a 5-inch HD Gorilla Glass 3 display. It runs Android 4.4 and has a 13 MP main camera with 0.3 second focus and F1.8 aperture. The phone runs on a Quad Core processor and 2 GB of RAM, besides 16 GB internal memory. The phone has a Dual SIM tray converts one slot to an expansion slot for MicroSD card.
The Acer Liquid E700 is aimed at the professional and has extremely long battery life, triple SIM capability and a Zero Air Gap screen. Equipped with a 3500 mAh battery, the E700 promises up to 24 hours of  talk time and 60 hours of standby time. The E700 has triple SIM capabilities, which means you can add a third sim just for data while travelling. It also comes with Android 4.4 (KitKat), a quad-core processor, 2GB RAM and 16 GB of internal storage and a MicroSD card slot for expandable storage.
TAGS: Acer Acer Liquid Jade Snapdeal
More from tech
Xiaomi to start selling Redmi Note 4G after relief from Delhi HC Xiaomi got partial relief from Delhi High Court which has allowed the Chinese cellphone manufacturer to sell it cellphones, based on chips sourced from Qualcomm.

New Bill to bring aggregators like Uber under lawNew Bill to bring aggregators like Uber under law
Surajeet Das Gupta | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 12:14 AM IST
The proposed Road Transport & Safety Bill, expected to soon be cleared by the government, has for the first time incorporated clauses to bring companies such as like Uber, termed “aggregators”, under the ambit of regulation.
One has to get a permit to operate radio-taxi services, under Section 74 of the Motor Vehicles Act, which specifies fleet size, verification and qualification of drivers and the condition of the vehicle, among others. However, experts say companies such as Uber use a loophole. They offer a platform through which independent taxi operators meet customers. Uber does not own a single cab.
Section 162 in the proposed Bill deals with such entities. It says an appropriate agency authorised by the National Transport Authority or the State Transport Authority may require an aggregator to furnish information relating to matters in their possession or control.
ALSO READ:  Uber's ride gets rockier in India
The information to be furnished includes the number of journeys undertaken on the services operated by the aggregator in the jurisdiction of its authority. Also, details on the structure of fares for those journeys and the distance covered by the vehicles used by the operator in those services.
Experts say in the existing system, aggregators are under no obligation, for instance, to undertake verification of the drivers who use its technology platform. Any commercially registered driver can register with Uber. 

CCI clears $4-bn Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy Labs merger deal  but adds ridersDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
CCI clears Sun-Ranbaxy deal with riders; asks to sell 7 brands
New Delhi, Dec 8 (PTI) Drug-makers Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy today got fair trade watchdog CCI’s approval for their long- pending USD 4-billion merger, but with a condition that they will have to modify the deal by divesting seven key products to address monopoly concerns.
The regulator, which has ordered Ranbaxy to sell six products and Sun to divest one, will also appoint a monitoring committee to oversee compliance to the conditions put forth by it to ensure that the merger does not hit competition.
The approval, which comes within days of clearance from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), for the deal that was announced in April and would create create India’s largest and world’s fifth biggest drug-maker.
Besides, this was the first case which the Competition Commission of India (CCI) subjected to a public scrutiny process as it had found the deal ‘prima facie’ in violation of the competition laws.
In its order dated December 5 and made public today, the CCI said it “approves the proposed combination… subject to the parties carrying out the modification to the proposed combination”.
CCI has directed Sun Pharma to divest all products containing ‘Tamsulosin + Tolterodine’ which are at present marketed and supplied under the Tamlet brand name.
Similarly, Ranbaxy would be required to divest all products containing Leuprorelin which are marketed and supplied under the Eligard brand name.
Ranbaxy would also have to divest products such as Terlibax, Rosuvas EZ, Olanex F, Raciper L and Triolvance.
According to the fair trade watchdog, the modification to the proposed deal aims “to maintain the existing level of competition in the relevant markets in India”.
The merged entity would have operations in 65 nations, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, along with a global portfolio of speciality and generic products.
CCI Chairman Ashok Chawla later said this was the Commission’s final order in the case and it was likely to appoint the monitoring agency in the next few days to oversee compliance to the directions.
As per the order, Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy have six months to divest or procure the divestiture of divestment products.
“The divestiture shall not be given effect to unless and until the Commission has approved the terms of final and binding sale and purchase agreement(s) and the purchaser(s) proposed by the parties,” the order said.
“The proposed combination shall not be effected by the parties until approved sale and purchase agreement(s) have been entered into in accordance with the order,” it added.
CCI also asked the two firms to give full information regarding divestment products to potential purchasers so as to enable them to undertake reasonable due diligence.
“The parties may require the potential purchasers to execute a confidentiality agreement before providing access to information regarding the divestment product(s),” CCI said.
Further, CCI would appoint a monitoring agency to “monitor the due diligence process, including the preparation of data room documentation, in accordance with the monitoring agency agreement”.
Sun and Ranbaxy are each required to appoint a senior management level employee within seven days who would under the supervision of the monitoring agency ensure that the economic viability, marketability and competitiveness of the divestment products are maintained till the closing date.
As per the Commission’s order divestment would not include any manufacturing facilities of the two companies, intellectual property rights which do not contribute to the current operations as well as general books of account and books of original entry that comprise the parties permanent accounting or tax records.
In April, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries announced it would acquire troubled rival Ranbaxy Laboratories in a USD 4-billion deal that includes USD 800 million debt. The transaction has valued Ranbaxy at 2.2 times its USD 1.8 billion revenue for 2013, or about Rs 457 per share.
Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy agree to sell 7 products to meet CCI conditions
Asked by CCI to divest seven products, drug makers Sun Pharmaceutical and Ranbaxy today said they will comply with the conditions put forth by the fair trade regulator to take forward their proposed merger.
While approving their USD 4-billion merger, Competition Commission of India (CCI) has asked the two companies to divest seven products to address anti-competitive concerns.
“Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy are looking forward to progressing towards the completion of the transaction and will comply with the conditions laid down by the CCI within the specified time,” the two firms said in a joint statement.
They also added that these products constitute less than one per cent of the combined entity’s revenues in India. The divestment needs to be finalised within six months.
The two companies announced their merger in April this year and the merged entity is expected to be India’s largest and the world’s fifth largest drug maker with combined revenue of USD 4.2 billion.
In their joint statement, the two firms said they have received the CCI order where acquisition of Ranbaxy by Sun Pharma has been approved “subject to compliance with certain conditions”.
“Over the past few months, the CCI has sought information and detailed clarifications for the purposes of making its assessment. One of the preconditions of the order is that parties procure the divestment of seven products,” they added.
Terming the CCI approval as a major milestone for the deal, Sun Pharma MD Dilip Shanghvi said: “It revalidates our view that the Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy businesses complement each other with limited product overlap, and will offer a comprehensive product basket to enable future growth.
Ranbaxy CEO Arun Sawhney said, “We are confident that post closure, the combined entity will enable sustainable long term growth and deliver immense value for all stakeholders.”
Established in 1983, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries has emerged as a major speciality pharmaceutical company with over 75 per cent sales from global markets, while it has expanded its business mostly through acquisitions.
For the year ending March 2014, its overall revenues were at USD 2.7 billion, of which the US contributed USD 1.6 billion.
Ranbaxy was also a home-grown company, but its then promoters, Malvinder Mohan Singh and Shivinder Mohan Singh, sold the majority stake in the company to Japan’s Daiichi Sankyo in 2008. In April this year, Ranbaxy reached a deal for its merger with Sun Pharma.
Ranbaxy has been going through frequent regulatory run-ins with overseas health watchdogs including in the US and Europe.
TAGS: Ranbaxy Laboratories Sun Pharmaceutical Industries
More from companies

With a bullet: Japan  oil  the HindenburgOnly 31% of Americans are making financial New Year’s resolutions for 2015, down from 43% who made them for 2014 , says Fidelity Investments.
Major banks are telling big depositors that they should take their cash elsewhere , citing new regulations.
Merck agrees to buy drugmaker Cubist for $9.5 billion.
Board members at data storage company Imation earn an average $287,000 and deserve a pay cut , says activist investor Spear Point Capital Partners. Imation’s board members earn more than directors at 3M, a much larger company.
Oh, the humanity! The Hindenburg Omen is nonsense.
Want to know what it’s like to live in an oil field? Move to Los Angeles.

Sears Stores ClosingSears' Closing of 235 Stores Is a Long Way From Its Glory Days
Dec 5, 2014, 3:40 PM ET
Customers shop for home goods in the Sears Roebuck store in Syracuse, New York in October, 1941.
FSA
Share
Copy
Sears was once a sparkling star of the retail world going back to the days before there was such a thing as a chain store, but this week the company reported another quarterly loss and the shuttering of 235 under-performing stores this year.
In its third quarter results announced on Thursday, Sear Holdings , the parent of the namesake department store and Kmart, announced a loss of $296 million compared to $310 million in the same period a year ago.
Sears Holdings was formed in 2005 when Sears and Kmart merged. The number of stores it will close increased from the 130 stores it announced about three months ago.
"We remain intently focused on delivering an unparalleled integrated retail experience for our customers through Shop Your Way and above all, returning Sears Holdings to profitability," CEO of Sears Holdings since January 2013 Eddie Lampert said in a statement on Thursday.
Meet the Biggest Grinches of the Holiday Season
Business wasn't always tough for Sears.
The first Sears store gained fame with rural folks and farmers through its mail-order business. Those early Sears catalogs featured jewelery and watches, but the company quickly added a vast array of items, including a "Stradivarius model violin" for $6.10, according to Sears Archives. At times, the catalog was free and other times it cost 50 cents.
Fotosearch/Getty Images
PHOTO: An advertisement for ladies corsets and underskirts by Sears, Roebuck & Co., circa 1897.
Richard Sears started the R.W. Sears Watch Company in Minneapolis in 1886, back when there weren't even 40 states in the union, according to Sears Archives . Sales in 1893 were more than $400,000. Two years later, when the Sears catalog was 532-pages long, sales were more than $750,000, according to the archives.
It wasn't until 1931 that Sears store sales topped mail-order sales for the first time. Stores accounted for 53.4 percent of total sales of more than $180 million, according to the archives.
Fotosearch/Getty Images
PHOTO: The storefront of a Sears, Roebuck and Co. store is seen in El Paso, Texas, circa 1940.
When World War II began in 1941, Sears had more than 600 stores.
Jack Manning/Three Lions/Getty Images
PHOTO: A customer receives a cosmetic consultation in Sears Roebuck department store in Caracas, Venezuela, circa 1955.
Sears' first retail store outside the U.S. was in Havana, Cuba, in 1942. Five years later, a store opened in Mexico City, followed by additional stores in Europe and Central and South America. Eventually in 1953, the company made a foray into Canada.
Carlos Osorio/Toronto Star/Getty Images
PHOTO: The doors of the Sears at the Eaton Centre mall are seen closed for the last time on Feb. 23, 2014 in Toronto.
Sears was the nation’s largest retailer by revenue until the late 1980s, when Walmart surpassed it. Around that time, the annual Sears “wish book” was a must-read for children in the months before Christmas.
Today, Sears’ revenue lags behind those of a handful of other stores, such as Target, Costco and Best Buy. Like many department stores, the company these days has been hit by flailing in-store electronics sales, in part due to steep competition from the Internet.
Sears Holdings, which has more than 1,830 Sears and Kmart stores, said in its earnings announcement that the company "expects to migrate the shopping activity of highly engaged members who previously shopped closed stores to alternative channels."

Pace of MF investments slow in NovemberPace of MF investments slow in November
Chandan Kishore Kant | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 10:47 PM IST
Fund managers have begun treading cautiously following the sharp gains in stocks in recent months. They have turned tight-fisted with investments in shares at a time when key stock indices are trading at historical highs. Uncomfortable with the steep rise in recent months as stocks trade ahead of fundamentals, fund managers have taken a tactical call to sit on cash for the time being.
In November, the total net investment by equity mutual fund schemes in stocks fell to a six-month low of Rs 1,677 crore. The inflows were a fraction of the nearly Rs 6,000 crore invested in October. G Pradeepkumar, chief executive officer (CEO) of Union KBC Mutual Fund, said: “Fund managers have simply taken a pause. It's a tactical strategy as one can't sit on cash for too long. There could be opportunities where one can buy on dips, though many rule out a sharp correction in stocks.”
According to a chief investment officer with one of the largest fund houses, this should be seen as “an aberration”. He adds, “Investment managers are also trimming their exposure in some stocks and sectors which ran too much. This may have resulted into a decline in terms of net investments."
Fund managers were on a selling spree for a good three weeks of November, turning net sellers at one point of time. However, investors have continued to pour in money in equities as gross sales of these schemes were pretty strong at nearly Rs 11,000 crore. The fall in Indian mutual funds’ investment in stocks comes even as their foreign counterparts continue to remain aggressive buyers.
Niranjan Risbood, director (fund research) at Morningstar India, said: “Fund managers would be cautious at this stage as markets have run quite a lot over the past few months. They might have opted to remain on the sidelines for the time being as from a short-term perspective, there could be some corrections. But the long-term story remains intact.”
So far in the current financial year, mutual fund managers have net invested about Rs 25,000 crore - one of the highest in the sector's history.

New Zealand invests $60 million in Skokie-based LanzaTech0
"LanzaTech is one of the most exciting companies New Zealand has produced, with significant global potential," said Nigel Gormly, NZ Super Fund head of international direct investment. "We're proud to continue the New Zealand connection and to be able to assist in LanzaTech's ongoing growth."
The New Zealand Superannuation Fund is a $20.6 billion state-owned investment fund used to help meet pension obligations. The investment brings the total amount raised in the round to $112.6 million.
LanzaTech, which started in 2005 in a New Zealand laboratory with one employee, recently consolidated operations in Illinois and New Zealand by moving its headquarters to Skokie and into a $500 million, 23-acre bioscience campus that includes other biofuel companies. It occupies about 41,000 square feet of lab and office space.
Its first full-scale commercial operation, expected to be completed by 2016, will turn harmful greenhouse gases at a steel mill in China into more than 30 million gallons of ethanol per year. The cost is comparable to other ethanol producers — yet it doesn't use corn and reduce food production.
The residual gases produced by the steel industry contribute 5 to 6 percent of global carbon dioxide emissions, or about 2 billion metric tons annually. The carbon monoxide produced is burned off, producing carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas harmful to health and the environment.
LanzaTech's microbe captures that gas and converts it into fuel before it has a chance to enter the environment.
LanzaTech announced initial investors in its fourth funding round in March, led by Mitsui. At the time, the target was $60 million. The company said strong interest in the opportunity led it to extend the round.
Joining NZ Super and Mitsui are existing investors including Siemens (via its venture capital unit SFS VC); CICC Growth Capital Fund I; Khosla Ventures; Qiming Venture Partners; K1W1; and the Malaysian Life Sciences Capital Fund.

Court sentences Ramalinga Raju to six months imprisonment in Satyam fraud caseCourt sentences Ramalinga Raju to six months imprisonment in Satyam fraud case
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Dec 09, 2014 12:30 AM IST
A trial court on Monday sentenced the founder of erstwhile Satyam Computer Services (SCSL), Ramalinga Raju, and brother Rama Raju to six months of imprisonment and a fine of Rs 10 lakh each for violation of various provisions of the Companies Act.
The former chief financial officer of Satyam, Vadlamani Srinivas, and former chief executive officer Ram Mynampati were also sentenced to six months imprisonment, beside a fine of Rs 10 lakh each.
The court has imposed a fine of Rs 2.66 crore on former independent director of SCSL, Krishna Palepu, to be paid within two months. SCSL was accused of failing to obtain central government opinion regarding requisite qualification of Palepu for payment of professional charges.
According to Serious Fraud Investigation Office counsel Raghu, the court has also  imposed a fine of Rs 20,000 each on  all former independent directors of Satyam — Vinod K Dham, Krishna G Palepu, T R Prasad, V S Raju, Mangalam Srinivas and Mendu Ramamohan Rao.
All the accused were given a month’s time in case they decide to appeal against the judgment.
The police’s economic offences wing (EOW) had filed a separate case with regard to the Satyam scam. The judgment in another case filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is slated for December 23.  
Altogether, EOW had filed seven cases against Raju and his former colleagues. Of these, they were convicted in six cases and acquitted in one. The charges levelled against the accused included fudging of balance sheet, accounts and payment of dividends.   One of the accused G Jayaraman was not convicted as his offence had been compounded before the Company Law Board earlier.    
On the other hand, the CBI charged Raju and former employees of Satyam with offences ranging from falsification of records, cheating, criminal conspiracy, forgery and causing disappearance of evidence. No charges were made against former independent directors of the company. The charges framed by CBI attract punishment ranging from three years to life imprisonment.
Apart from the Raju brothers, those charged by the CBI include Vadlamani Srinivas,  former  PricewaterhouseCoopers auditors S Gopalakrishna and T Srinivas and former employees of the company, Suryanarayana Raju, G Ramakrishna, D Venkatapathy Raju  and Ch Srisailam.
The Satyam scam came to light on January 7, 2009, when Ramalinga Raju confessed to a massive accounting fraud in the company.  
He said the balance sheet of the company consisted of non-existent cash and bank balances of Rs 5,040 crore, an accrued interest of Rs 376 crore which was also non-existent, an understated liability of Rs 1,230 crore and an over-stated debtors position of Rs 490 crore (as against Rs 2,651 reflected in the books).
TIME TO PAY
Former CFO Vadlamani Srinivas and former CEO Ram Mynampati also sentenced to six months imprisonment besides a fine of Rs 10 lakh each
Former independent director Krishna Palepu  fined Rs 2.66 cr
The court has also  imposed a fine of Rs 20,000 each on  all former independent directors of Satyam — Vinod K Dham, Krishna G Palepu, T R Prasad, V S Raju, Mangalam Srinivas and Mendu Ramamohan Rao

Current account deficit rises to 2.1 pct in Q2 as gold imports soarThe current account deficit widened to 10.1 billion dollar or 2.1 per cent of GDP for the September quarter as against 1.2 per cent in the year-ago period due to higher trade deficit, the Reserve Bank said today.
The current account deficit (CAD) is the net difference between inflows and outflows of foreign currencies.
“The increase in CAD was primarily on account of higher trade deficit contributed by both a deceleration in export growth and increase in imports,” the RBI said.
Merchandise exports growth dipped 4.9 per cent in the second quarter, while there was an 8.1 per cent surge in imports on higher inbound gold shipments.
For the first six months of 2014-15, the current account gap narrowed to 1.9 per cent or USD 17.9 billion from 3.1 per cent in the same period a year-ago, the RBI data showed.
There was a net accretion of USD 6.9 billion to the forex reserves during the reporting quarter as against a drawdown of USD 10.4 billion.
Net inflows of NRI deposits at USD 4.1 billion in Q2 were lower than the USD 8.2 billion notched up during the days of rupee fall in the year ago period, the RBI said.
External commercial borrowings by enterprises at USD 1.4 billion in were higher than USD 1.3 billion year-on-year.
CAD 1.2 per cent in the second quarter of the previous fiscal on unconventional moves to arrest the rupee slide. It stood at 1.7 per cent for the preceding June quarter this year.
On services, the net services improved by 3.4 per cent on a pick-up in telecommunications, computer and information services, the RBI said.
Net outflows under trade credits and advances were much lower at USD 0.2 billion as against USD 1.9 billion in the year ago period.
Net outflows on primary income, which includes profits, dividends and interest, were at USD 6.9 billion in Q2, up from the USD 6.3 billion in the year-ago period.
The gross private transfer receipts at USD 17.4 billion were marginally higher as compared with the corresponding quarter of 2013-14.
The FDI was stable, RBI said.
The boom in the markets resulted in the portfolio investments going into the positive territory on a net basis, the RBI said, adding that the portfolio investment stood at USD 9.8 billion for the quarter, as against the outflow of USD 6.6 billion in the last quarter.
On the loans front, there was a net outflow of USD 4.6 billion during the quarter due to higher repayments of overseas borrowings and a build-up of their overseas foreign currency assets, RBI said.
TAGS: Current Account Deficit Indian Economy Reserve Bank Of India
More from economy

Colgate-Palmolive (India) Ltd declares second interim dividend of Rs 8 per shareBSE
("At the meeting held today,…)
NEW DELHI: FMCG firm Colgate-Palmolive (India) Ltd today declared a second interim dividend for the financial year 2014-15 at Rs 8 per share.
"At the meeting held today, the Board declared a second interim dividend for the financial year 2014-15 of Rs 8 per share of Re 1 each," Colgate-Palmolive said in a statement.
The dividend payout to the shareholders will be Rs 130.5 crore, the company added.
In October this year, the company had declared first interim Dividend of Rs 8 per share.
Colgate-Palmolive's oral care products includes toothpastes, tooth powder, toothbrushes and mouthwashes under the 'Colgate' brand.
For the second quarter ended September 30, 2014, the company reported 18.31 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 129.58 crore as against net profit of Rs 109.52 crore for the same period of previous fiscal.
Its net sales during the period stood at Rs 993.57 crore, up 10.92 per cent as compared to Rs 895.69 crore during the same period of previous financial year.
Shares of the company closed at Rs 1,869.85 on BSE , down 2.21 per cent from previous close.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tight security in Kashmir for PM Modi s rallyTight security in Kashmir for India prime minister
By AIJAZ HUSSAIN | Associated Press –  Sun 7 Dec, 2014
Print
SRINAGAR: Thousands of government forces have fanned out across the Indian portion of Kashmir to provide a security shield for Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is scheduled to make a campaign speech in the region for local elections, police said Sunday.
Authorities are taking extra precautions following daring daylong insurgent attacks Friday on an army camp and other targets left 21 people dead, including six attackers, said K. Rajendra, the top police officer in Jammu-Kashmir state.
Sharpshooters have been posted on rooftops in the region's main city, Srinagar, where Modi is scheduled to speak Monday at an election rally in a sports stadium. Security forces also have put steel barricades on the roads and are checking vehicles and frisking commuters and pedestrians.
"Prime ministers are generally high-value targets, so we are not taking a chance," Rajendra said.
Rebel groups in Kashmir have been fighting against Indian rule since 1989. More than 68,000 people have been killed in the uprising and an Indian military crackdown that has largely suppressed rebel activity.
On Sunday, Lt. Gen. Subrata Saha, a top Indian army commander, accused the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba militant group of carrying out Friday's attacks. India also blames Lashkar-e-Taiba for a 2008 attack on the Indian city of Mumbai that killed 166 people.
Lashkar-e-Taiba, however, has not issued any statement.
"There is no doubt that they (the attackers) were highly trained terrorists. Attacks like these are not possible without a design, pattern, synchronization and coordination," Saha told reporters in Srinagar.
There has been a flurry of attacks recently in the Indian portion of Kashmir, which is holding elections staggered over five days to elect a regional legislature. Modi has visited the region twice in the last month.
The violence has not deterred voters, with officials saying turnout for the first two phases of the election was about 70 percent.
India and Pakistan have fought two of their three wars since 1947 over rival claims to Kashmir. India accuses Pakistan of supporting the militants with arms and trainings, while Islamabad staunchly denies this, saying it offers only morale and diplomatic support for their cause.
Recommend

Policy reform to support Indian economy s growth potential  says Moody sProbe Manmohan Singh, Birla roles in coal blocks: Court to CBI
The outlook for India’s rating would improve if fiscal, inflation and infrastructure metrics get better, a global report said.
“India’s Baa3 government bond rating balances the strong growth potential of its large and diverse economy against high fiscal deficits, recurrent inflationary pressures, as well as regulatory and infrastructure constraints on competitiveness,” said Moody’s Investors Service report.
The stable outlook on the rating is based on an expectation that Indian authorities will continue with policy efforts to improve the macro-economic balance and address structural constraints on growth, it said.
These conclusions are contained in the rating agency’s annual credit analysis on India.
Moody’s Investors Service report also India’s per capita income of USD 1,509 (2013) (about Rs 92,049) ranks in the bottom decile of all rated sovereigns, limiting government’s tax revenue base and increasing spending claims on its limited resources. It results in larger fiscal deficits compared to peers.
Other countries with similar scores for economic strength include Indonesia and Malaysia, which have better competitiveness, income and infrastructure metrics, but smaller economies and lower average real growth rates, it said.
The report said that “the outlook for India’s rating would improve if fiscal, inflation and infrastructure metrics were to move closer to Baa median scores.”
On the other hand, the outlook would weaken with a further deterioration in the fiscal position, or rising contingent liabilities from the state-owned banking sector, or a material decline in foreign exchange reserves coverage of external debt and imports.
India’s sovereign credit profile is based on four main analytic factors. These factors are economic strength, institutional strength, fiscal strength and susceptibility to event risk, it said.
Moody’s said India’s high economic strength is a key source of sovereign credit support. India’s GDP growth, savings and investment rates exceed comparable emerging-market averages.
Although growth slowed significantly between 2011 and 2014, Moody’s expects it to accelerate from between 5 per cent and 6 per cent over the next year to above 7 per cent thereafter, if global economic and financial conditions remain benign and the government effectively implements its macro-economic and structural reform agenda, it said.
Although inflation has declined in recent months, India’s inflation levels are high compared to rating peers.
The report pointed to recurrent inflation, regulatory complexity and weak infrastructure as constraints on the rating that reflect institutional challenges.
TAGS: Indian Economy Moody's
More from economy

Delhi Police considering filing FIR against Uber in rape caseDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Delhi Police is considering filing an FIR against Uber as investigators probing the rape of a 27-year-old woman have found “criminal negligence” and “abetment” to crime by the US-based cab company whose General Manager was grilled today.
Uber’s General Manager (Marketing) Gagan Bhatia, who claims to be the in-charge of the company’s India operations, during his day-long questioning has not been able to provide much information to the police regarding the company’s operations and its policies.
“We may book the company under CrPc section 188 and other charges as criminal negligence and abetment to the crime have been made out against Uber,” said a senior Delhi police officer.
The investigations have gathered momentum amid growing outrage over the rape allegedly by a driver of Uber who had been arrested yesterday.
“We wanted to know the role of the company while it brings the customer and the car driver into contact through its App. What is the liability of the company if the driver commits a crime as in this case. What is the business model, how it works, who are its promoters,” the officer said.
Sources privy to the investigation revealed that Bhatia could not come up with satisfactory answers to these questions posed by cops and he has been asked to produce the documents regarding the operations of the company in India.
“He first told us that there is no country head and he reports to one guy who heads its operation at EMEA (Europe-Middle East-Asia). If we don’t get satisfactory answers from Bhatia we may call this EMEA head for questioning,” the officer added.
He added that they have come across gross violations on part of the company in terms of violation of the Motor Vehicle Act and others.
“We may book the company under section 188 of CrPc and other sections as criminal negligence and abetment to the crime have been made out against Uber. As of now we are seeing what sections could be added and whether a separate FIR has to be filed or it would be merged in the same FIR and under what sections we have to file it,” he added.
Bhatia, who reached the office of DCP North’s office at Civil Lines with two lawyers in the afternoon, was questioned by a team led by Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Brijendra Kumar Yadav.
Later, in the evening Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi also pointed out that there were “certain gaps in the system” and said that the company “had certain responsibility” in the case.
In Delhi, black and yellow taxi and radio taxi operate. Radio Taxi, were introduced in 2006. Six cab service providers like Meru and Easycab are working under certain conditions laid down under the Radio Taxi Policy of 2006, he said.
“With the expansion of Internet, certain virtual platforms have come up, Uber was one of them. They had been working without any permission from the transport authorities and there are certain gaps in the system.
“They had been bringing the two together, one the taxi operator as well as the customer through a virtual platform. So, yes they had certain responsibilities, because when you are bringing the two together, you are ensuring the customer of certain quality, which was not there,” said Bassi.
Some of the gross violations under the MV Act included that the cab had an All India tourist permit but was running as a Radio Taxi in Delhi.
As per the norms set for a vehicle having All India Tourist Permit, “Tourist Vehicle” should have been painted on the car on both sides within a diameter of 25 cm and a board with “All India Tourist Permit” written in black letters should have been above the yellow registration number plate in the front of the car.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber
More from companies

Bold reforms needed for 6-7% GDP growth: Ratings agenciesBRIC
(They, however, asserted…)
NEW DELHI: Pitching for bold reforms, two top global rating agencies today said the government needs to effectively implement its macro-economic and structural reform agenda for growing between 6-7 per cent in coming years.
They, however, asserted that India remains better placed than other emerging economies across the world on various parameters.
While placing India above its emerging market peers in terms of GDP growth, savings and investment rates, Moody's said that the country's high economic strength is a key source of sovereign credit support.
Fitch, on the other hand, said that India would be the only BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India and China) country where growth picks up in 2014 to 5.6 per cent and accelerates to 6.5 per cent in 2015 and 6.8 per cent in 2016, owing to the government's reforms to the business environment.
As per Moody's Investors Service Report, the outlook for India's rating would improve if fiscal, inflation and infrastructure metrics get better.
"India's Baa3 government bond rating balances the strong growth potential of its large and diverse economy against high fiscal deficits, recurrent inflationary pressures, as well as regulatory and infrastructure constraints on competitiveness," it said.
The stable outlook on the rating is based on an expectation that Indian authorities will continue with policy efforts to improve the macro-economic balance and address structural constraints on growth, it said.
The report said that "the outlook for India's rating would improve if fiscal, inflation and infrastructure metrics were to move closer to Baa median scores."
On the other hand, the outlook would weaken with a further deterioration in the fiscal position, or rising contingent liabilities from the state-owned banking sector, or a material decline in foreign exchange reserves coverage of external debt and imports.
  Although growth slowed significantly between 2011 and 2014, Moody's expects it to accelerate from between 5 per cent and 6 per cent over the next year to above 7 per cent thereafter, if global economic and financial conditions remain benign and the government effectively implements its macro-economic and structural reform agenda, it said.
Although inflation has declined in recent months, India's inflation levels are high compared to rating peers.
The report pointed to recurrent inflation, regulatory complexity and weak infrastructure as constraints on the rating that reflect institutional challenges.
Recent policy measures announced by government and the central bank to address the challenges would enhance India's operating environment and improve competitiveness, Moody's added.
India's fiscal deficits averaged 7.5 per cent of GDP over the last five years, it said adding, high government deficits raise domestic borrowing costs and thus increase the private sector's reliance on external borrowing.
"In 2013, India's fiscal metrics were weaker than those of any other Baa-rated country, and its inflation rate was higher than all but one Baa-rated country," the report said.
In its Global Economic Outlook report, Fitch Ratings said that India's economic growth rate will accelerate to 6.5 per cent in 2015 and further to 6.8 per cent in 2016 on account of reforms.
On RBI's monetary policy, Fitch said policy might become more accommodative in 2015 as a reaction to lower inflation, which would support GDP growth.
"A new monetary policy framework resulting from discussions between government and RBI could contribute to a credible low inflation environment in the future," it said.
Fitch said the global growth is uneven, but it will strengthen in 2015 and 2016.
It said the world recovery is increasingly dependent on the US growth engine, adding "A buoyant US economy is the main engine of global growth, while the recovery continues to falter in the eurozone, Japan and many large emerging markets."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bill Gross $1 billion man at Janusbill gross $1 billion man at janus
Our advertising inventory is committed to GroupM for a year: Arianna HuffingtonOur advertising inventory is committed to GroupM for a year: Arianna Huffington
http://usat.ly/1zG94ujFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ex-Madoff manager gets 10-year prison sentence
Daniel Bonventre, Bernard Madoff's former operations manager was sentenced to 10 years in prison Monday for his role in Madoff's investment fraud.
Post to Facebook
Ex-Madoff manager gets 10-year prison sentence Daniel Bonventre, Bernard Madoff's former operations manager was sentenced to 10 years in prison Monday for his role in Madoff's investment fraud. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CZZlEE
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ex-Madoff manager gets 10-year prison sentence
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 6:48 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
Daniel Bonventre, former director of operations for imprisoned financier Bernard Madoff, shown arriving at Manhattan federal court in New York City to hear his sentence for aiding the Ponzi scheme mastermind's fraud.
(Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP)
41 CONNECT 48 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — The former operations manager for Ponzi scheme mastermind Bernard Madoff was sentenced to 10 years in prison Monday for aiding the decades-long fraud that stole as much as $20 billion from investors.
Daniel Bonventre, 67, was also held jointly liable with Madoff, four former co-workers and other conspirators for more than $155 billion in forfeitures, representing proceeds generated from one of the largest financial scams in history.
Madoff victims speak out -- in writing
The Manhattan resident became the first ex-Madoff employee sentenced to prison, as U.S. District Judge Laura Taylor Swain denied bail pending expected appeals of the March convictions of Bonventre and the four former co-workers on conspiracy, securities fraud and other charges.
Imposing the sentence nearly six years to the day that Madoff's scam collapsed, the judge ordered Bonventre to surrender to federal prison officials on Feb. 19.
Balancing proportion with punishment, Taylor Swain told Bonventre he was not as "corrupt" as Madoff, who's serving a 150-year prison term for his guilty plea after the scam collapsed in 2008. However, she ruled that the former manager either knew or should have known by 1992 that Madoff's investment business was built on a mountain of phony records.
Telling Bonventre, "We all live among the smoldering ruins literally of thousands of lives, yours included," Taylor Swain said he bore heavy responsibility for a fraud that "shattered" dreams and financial plans, leaving many destitute.
"This is the harm that you, Mr. Bonventre, and your co-conspirators wrought," said the judge, who characterized the former manager as "a pampered, compliant and overcompensated employee who willfully blinded himself to inconvenient truths."
Bonventre's wife, his son and other relatives and friends sat silently inside the crowded 12-floor courtroom during the sentencing, while an overflow crowd followed the proceeding in another courtroom via videocast.
To the end, Bonventre, one of Madoff's most senior employees, never deviated from his contention that he knew nothing about the fraud and was unwittingly duped by Madoff.
"I was used by the ultimate con man," said Bonventre, dressed in a black suit, white shirt and patterned tie. "I feel regret for what I was unable to accomplish and what I was unable to do — to see Bernard Madoff for what he really is."
The prosecution team rejected that explanation. Assistant U.S. Attorney Randall Jackson cited the guilty verdicts that capped a months-long trial featuring evidence and testimony that Bonventre and his co-workers knowingly helped Madoff fabricate and backdate records and  trades that fooled investors, auditors and regulators.
Those efforts enabled the fraud that operated for decades, as Madoff used money from some investors to pay others and bankroll a life of riches for himself and the ex-employees. For Bonventre, those luxuries included expensive cigars and wines, a vacation home and college-tuition payments, trial evidence showed.
"In sum, Mr. Bonventre was the most responsible person" among the ex-employees found guilty, said Jackson.
Verdict on 5 ex-Madoff employees: Guilty of fraud
Bonventre's sentence was far lower than the 220 years outlined in federal sentencing guidelines and the 20-year term recommended by parole officials. Federal prosecutors called for a "significantly greater" imprisonment than the probation recommendation, partly to serve as a deterrent to others who might commit similar crimes.
While Taylor Swain did not heed that recommendation, she rejected defense lawyer Andrew Frisch's call for either home confinement or a "short period of incarceration" for Bonventre. Such leniency would be "totally inappropriate" given the magnitude of the scheme, the harm caused and Bonventre's role, she said.
The forfeiture ruling requires Bonventre to surrender all income and benefits he received from the Madoff firm between January 1992 and the 2008 collapse. That also means he must surrender assets amassed from the payments, including a New Jersey oceanfront vacation home and several financial or retirement funds.
Bonventre co-defendants Annette Bongiorno, Madoff's longtime secretary, and Jerome O'Hara, a former computer programmer for the disgraced financier, are scheduled to be sentenced Tuesday. George Perez, another former Madoff computer programmer, is set to follow on Wednesday. And JoAnn Crupi, who oversaw the Madoff firm's main bank account, is scheduled for sentencing on Monday.

Wall Street drops with energy shares; global data disappointsWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Niranjan Jyoti: RS deadlockendsWritten by Manoj C G | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 2:20 am
The Opposition’s blockade of Rajya Sabha over Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s controversial remark ended Monday with some give-and-take by both the sides.
The impasse was broken after the Opposition did not press for its demand for a “motion of censure”  and the government agreed to let Chairman Hamid Ansari make a general statement on behalf of the House appealing ministers and MPs to “maintain civility in public discourse” and uphold constitutional values.
Both the government as well as the Opposition claimed victory. The government’s floor managers said Ansari’s statement was just an “advisory”, far from the motion of censure. Opposition leaders, on the other hand, said they compelled the government to relent from its position that the Sadhvi issue was a “closed chapter” after PM Narendra Modi’s statement disapproving her “Ramzaadon-versus-haramzaadon” remark.
“This House, while acknowledging the statement of Prime Minister made in this House on the 4th of December, appeals to all Members of Parliament, ministers and leaders of all political parties to maintain civility at all costs in public discourse for the successful functioning of parliamentary democracy and to uphold our commitment to constitutional values,” Ansari read out from a prepared text when the House reassembled at 12.25 pm after three adjournments.
The Opposition wanted the government’s statement to read: “This House strongly disapproves any statement made by any MP and a member of the Union Council of Ministers that is inflammatory, derogatory and violates the letter and spirit of the Constitution and the law of the land.”
The government, however, did not agree to this but suggested the Chairman can make a statement. Ministers Arun Jaitley and Venkaiah Naidu then sat with leaders of nine opposition parties in the Chairman’s chamber to find a mutually accepted formulation. The Opposition first agreed to drop the key word “inflammatory” from the statement. The government then climbed down from its position that the statement should not be on the behalf of the House.
After the statement, the House went ahead with the scheduled work.  While the government sources claimed it was a face-saver for the Opposition, CPM’s Sitaram Yechury told The Indian Express:  “It was a life saver for the government.”
Congress deputy leader Anand Sharma said: “The government failed to break the Opposition unity and was compelled to relent.”
Sadhvi in Lok Sabha
Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, the BJP MP from Fatehpur whose controversial remark at a rally in Delhi led to blocking of House proceedings by the Opposition for a week, attended Lok Sabha for four-and-a-half hours on Monday. Avishek G Dastidar and Raghvendra Rao report:
11.01 am: MoS Food Processing Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti enters Lok Sabha and takes seat in the fifth row. As Culture Minister Mahesh Sharma replies to a question, MIM MP Asaduddin Owaisi shouts: “Who does Taj Mahal belong to?” This leads giggles. Jyoti joins in with a smile. Keeps looking at her lap, presumably at her cellphone or documents.
Noon: Question hour ends. Sadhvi is the only MP in her continued…

A new deal for thestatesWritten by Shaji Vikraman , Harish Damodaran |
Posted: December 9, 2014 2:16 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 8:33 am
Last week, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, at a civil society interaction in Srinagar, reportedly said that “gone are the days when the Centre would provide money and the states would run the government”. Today, “every state has to stand on its own”.
For states, such kind of sermonising may not be new. But what is striking in this case is that it is coming from the finance minister of a government whose mascot — Prime Minister Narendra Modi — is someone well acquainted with the problems of states, having run one for over 12 years. Jaitley’s comments nevertheless provide an opportunity to examine the fiscal management record of state governments in the recent past, and also comparing this with the Centre’s.
The period from 2003-04 to 2011-12 was a good one for the Indian economy. With gross domestic product (GDP) growing by an average 8.3 per cent a year, tax and non-tax revenue collections surged. As a result, the combined fiscal deficit of the states fell from 4.25 to 1.9 per cent of the GDP, even as their revenue deficit of 2.25 per cent turned into a surplus of 0.3 per cent.
The Centre’s record, on the other hand, was more mixed. While its deficits registered sharp dips between 2002-03 and 2007-08, the period thereafter saw sharp deterioration, so much so that both the fiscal and revenue deficits in 2011-12 were higher than their corresponding levels for 2002-03 (see accompanying charts).
Although the states, too, were hit by the global economic crisis post-2008, their finances did not go as much into the red. They were, at the end of the day, better-off relative to the early 2000s.
States, in short, have generally demonstrated more prudence than New Delhi in managing their finances. While there are outliers — West Bengal and Punjab, in particular — the bulk of them have stayed the course in keeping fiscal deficits below 3 per cent of state GDPs and eliminating revenue deficits, as required under their respective fiscal responsibility and budget management (FRBM) laws. This contrasts with the Centre’s dismal record at meeting its own FRBM commitments.
True, the above improvement in state finances was brought about no less by increased Central transfers. This was thanks to the 12th Finance Commission recommending a 30.5 per cent share for states in net Central taxes effective from 2005-06 (as against the earlier 29.5 per cent), besides overall growth-induced revenue buoyancy.
States further benefited from a scheme formulated by the last NDA government, enabling them to swap some Rs 1,06,000 crore of past Central loans contracted at interest rates of 13 per cent and more with lower-cost small savings and open-market borrowings.

Alert sounded over 5 SIMI members who escapedjailBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 2:11 am
A high alert has been sounded across India that five members of the banned SIMI, who fled from a Madhya Pradesh jail in 2013, are planning to carry out terror strikes on instructions of Pakistan’s spy agency ISI. The alert comes after The Indian Express carried a detailed story on the five men Sunday.
Based on the inputs provided by central intelligence agencies, all states have been asked to look for Mohammad Aijajudden, Mohammad Aslam, Amjad Khan, Zakir Hussain Sadiq and Mehboob Guddu, official sources said.
Karnataka, Maharashtra and Rajasthan have been specifically alerted and told that the terrorists could be hiding in the three states, sources said. The last known locations of at least two fugitives happened to be in Karnataka.
On October 1, 2013, the five, along with Faisal, the gang’s leader, and another prisoner, made an audacious escape from the district jail in MP’s Khandwa after scaling a 14-foot wall.
While the seventh prisoner surrendered the next day, Faisal was caught in December last year from Barwani, also in MP.
Also, Mehboob’s mother Najma Bee disappeared from their Khanda home a few months ago and is believed to be hiding with her son.
The group is suspected to be involved in a bank robbery in Karimnagar on February 1, 2014; a blast on a Bangalore-Guwahati train on May 1 this year and for the explosions near police stations in Pune.

Street Talk: UTX  EBAY  CMG  ADT & LHOstreet talk: utx  ebay  cmg  adt & lho
KKR to buy controlling stake in IARCKKR to buy controlling stake in IARC
India s performance and records at the Adelaide OvalIndia s performance and records at the Adelaide Oval
Federer  Djokovic  Nadal will continue to dominate next season: SamprasFederer  Djokovic  Nadal will continue to dominate next season: Sampras
Govt to introduce bill replacing coal ordinance  Coal minister to meet unions tomorrowGovt to introduce bill replacing coal ordinance, Coal minister to meet unions tomorrow
Probal Basak | Kolkata Dec 09, 2014 12:33 AM IST
Ahead of the government’s move to introduce a Bill in Parliament seeking to replace coal blocks allocation ordinance later in the week, Union Coal And Power Minister Piyush Goyal would meet central trade unions on Tuesday in an effort to bring Coal India (CIL) workers on board.
The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014, was brought in October this year in the wake of the Supreme Court's decision cancelling 214 coal blocks. Apart from facilitating auctioning of the cancelled coal blocks, the ordinance allows private players to mine coal and sell it in the open market, which has been particularly opposed by the unions. So far, the right to commercial mining was reserved for Coal India.
Five unions — Citu-led All-India Coal Workers Federation (AICWF), Indian Mine Workers' Federation (affiliated to AITUC), Congress-backed Indian National Mine Workers Federation (INMFW), Hind Khadan Mazdoor Federation (affiliated to HMS) and Bharatiya Janata Party-backed Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS) — have been unanimously opposing the move.
"We will attend the meeting tomorrow (Tuesday). But we are not changing our stand. If the government goes ahead passing this Bill in Parliament, we would resort to strike," Jibon Roy, general secretary, All India Coal Workers Federation, said.
However, other unions did not say anything about the strike call. "We will take a call after the meeting with coal minister," the coal union president of BMS, Surinder Kumar Pandey, said.
Apart from the ordinance, the government's plan of 10 per cent stake sale in CIL, which is expected to fetch the exchequer about Rs 23,000 crore is being opposed by the unions since last one year.
The government has already initiated its disinvestment programme for the current financial year with five per sent stake sale in Steel Authority of India (SAIL).

The threat to the USThe halfhearted threat to the US superpower
Philip Stephens
Obama shows no inclination to rethink his foreign policy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ee70878-7588-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama needs more than a team of loyalistsBarack Obama needs more than a team of loyalists
Replacing Hagel will not solve America’s foreign policy issues
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ee4abdde-7574-11e4-a1a9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A ballot on Abenomics© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/37779dec-7a0c-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Offer for Canary Wharf owner raisedQataris and Brookfield raise bid for Canary Wharf owner Songbird
Kate Allen and Arash Massoudi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c2d64a80-7bcb-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The war for the WharfThe war for the Wharf
Kate Allen, Property Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ed0f74c-7e03-11e4-b7c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bold and sold: Obama spoils diplomacy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c087bdb6-7bb4-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan: Technology & Innovation©Toyota
In this report
Among investors, Japan is often still seen as the spiritual home of the flabby conglomerate, but there is a renewed focus on technology and innovation and companies are not only making advances in robotics, there are also big changes coming in electronics, especially for the automotive industry.

Debate on opening up insurance sector may end soonPrint
>
New Delhi, Dec 6 (IANS) Hinting that the chances of the Insurance Bill getting approved during parliament's ongoing winter session are high, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said Saturday the debate on opening up the sector will end soon.
"The debate with regard to insurance is almost now coming to an end. Hopefully within a few weeks, it should produce some results," Jaitley said while addressing the India Economic Conclave 2014 here.
Insurance sector employees in Chennai recently threatened a strike in case the government passed the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill 2008 in the winter session.
The Bill seeks to raise the foreign direct investment limit in the sector to 49 percent.
"We (Bharatiya Janata Party-led government) started off by opening out the sectors, which needed to be opened out. The response as far as the defence opening up is concerned has been extremely positive.
"There is a flurry of activity going on in that session. Important decisions like inviting private sector and foreign investment into the railways, which can be an effective instrument of change in India has by and large received large support," Jaitley added.
He also said the government's decision with regard to liberalising norms in real estate would help benefit tier II and tier III cities.
"It's easing the process of environmental clearances, which is holding up a large number of projects. One of the areas we need to work more effectively on is monitoring not merely the approvals, but actually on the ground the projects moving forward," Jaitley said.
About the government's approach to taxation, the minister said "Our approach to taxation is extremely critical. If I have to simplify the decisions of the earlier government, these were the most expensive taxes which won't yield us any revenues."
"So the government paid a big price and the investment environment paid a big price. Each of those areas we are very closely monitoring the situation and therefore, moving very carefully," Jaitley added.
Jaitley said that the government will come out with more steps to rationalise subsidies. He recalled the decision to link diesel prices with the market and said the government has recently decided to give direct cash subsidy on pilot basis to LPG customers in select cities.
"I had a series of meetings with the expenditure management commission. They are effectively working on some very valuable suggestions with regard to rationalisation of subsidies," the minister said.
Jaitley informed the gathering that the centre had set up a commission under former RBI Governor Bimal Jalan to suggest ways to rationalise subsidies.
"In the next few months maybe earlier than that they will be able to come out with some interim recommendations to us so that we can proceed with rationalisation in that direction," the minister added.
Related VIdeo

Libyas divisions pave way for oil tussleDecember 8, 2014 7:24 am
Rival central bank governors vie for control of Libya’s oil earnings
Heba Saleh in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4eb94b20-7bc1-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Companies are not only making advances in robotics: there are big changes coming in electronics©Toyota
In this report
Among investors, Japan is often still seen as the spiritual home of the flabby conglomerate, but there is a renewed focus on technology and innovation and companies are not only making advances in robotics, there are also big changes coming in electronics, especially for the automotive industry.

Merck to pay $9.5bn for US group CubistMerck’s Cubist takeover highlights lure of antibiotics
Andrew Ward and Arash Massoudi in London and Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a13211c-7e12-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anti-bribery initiatives: Miles to go for India Inc  shows surveyAnti-bribery initiatives: Miles to go for India Inc, shows survey
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 12:37 AM IST
Corporate India’s efforts to sensitise its employees on anti-bribery and corruption compliance efforts do not seem to resonate with most employees, show the findings of a survey. Speaking in their individual capacity, around 55 per cent of the respondents in a survey conducted by Deloitte Forensic said they were not sure if their organisation had a specific policy on anti-bribery and what the policy said. Further, 61 per cent said their companies did not discuss issues related to corporate bribery and corruption, while 65 per cent said they did not receive emails from senior management on the issue.
The Deloitte Forensic survey, promoted over social media to ensure wider reach among the working population, saw participation of 180 people.
The survey also highlighted that an organisation’s perceived corrupt demeanour had an effect on its employees. Around 88 per cent of the respondents said they would not feel comfortable working for a company that was perceived to be indulging in corrupt practices.
FIGHTING GRAFT
Findings of Deloitte Forensic survey on where India Inc misses out (% of respondents)
63%: Business mindset is that work cannot be done without bribery
55%: My organisation could adopt this policy but our business partners and vendors might not. That will lead to a low level of overall compliance
52%: There is limited communication with employees on why such a policy is necessary
In a clear sign of changing environment, around 81 per cent indicated practising ethical behaviour (in daily business activities) should be considered as an added parameter in an employee’s performance evaluation, to help drive the message of anti-bribery and corruption.
Following stricter corporate governance code mandated under the new companies law, companies have to put in place internal compliance guidelines and controls, besides appropriate checks and balances. Companies also have to manage the risk of bribery and corruption, to take into account various legislative exposures, particularly those in the US (Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, 1977) and UK (Bribery Act, 2010).
Commenting on the survey’s findings, Sumit Makhija, senior director of Deloitte Forensic (India), noted organisations seemed to have missed consistent implementation and communication of anti-bribery and corruption policies with employees. “In the long term, this can significantly affect companies’ objectives of zero-tolerance culture.”
Makhija also said corporate India was actively relooking at strengthening its code of conduct and anti-bribery and corruption policies, but it appeared the emphasis was on structuring the policy and preparing it for compliance with regulations and implementing it on business partners.

Oil price fall provides fillip for UK economyOil price fall provides fillip for UK economy
Sarah O’Connor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce18878c-7e23-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buyback nets Trafigura executives $885mTrafigura hands $885m to top executives via buyback
Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6f831af2-7eb9-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Trafigura joins disclosure driveTrafigura joins drive to disclose payments
Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1b4ca992-6e80-11e4-a65a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Trafigura seeks new board at EmedTrafigura seeks new board at Emed
James Wilson and Neil Hume
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ae8ace0-545c-11e4-84c6-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BHP Billiton spin-off named South32© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe42900c-7eb8-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BHP calls for global carbon-pricing dealBHP calls for global carbon-pricing deal
Jamie Smyth in Brisbane
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/846978b6-6b19-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK outlook remains gloomyUK economic outlook remains gloomy
Chris Giles, Economics Editor
Office for Budget Responsibility peers into the future
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e10d2ae4-7bb4-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Canary Wharf owner spurns increased bidCanary Wharf owner Songbird spurns Qatari raised bid
Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0349dd3c-7c55-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SpiceJet cancels 1 861 flights across the country till December 31SpiceJet cancels 1,861 flights across the country
PTI  New Delhi, December 08, 2014
First Published: 21:50 IST(8/12/2014) | Last Updated: 02:42 IST(9/12/2014)
Comments
Cash-strapped SpiceJet has cancelled over 1,800 flights across the country for the current month, in signs of mounting troubles for the budget airline.
SpiceJet is staring at a financial collapse after its efforts to find an investor failed. It needs an immediate infusion of about Rs. 2,000 crore to survive.
The air carrier, which is part of Kalanithi Maran-led Sun Group, has cancelled a total of 1,861 flights, a few to Kathmandu in Nepal and all others connecting domestic cities, till December 31, SpiceJet said in an update on its website. These included 81 flights scheduled for Monday as well.
The large-scale flight cancellations came at a time when the aviation regulator DGCA was considering issuing a show-cause notice to the airline for defying its directives regarding advance bookings.
DGCA has asked the airline to stop taking bookings by Tuesday of more than one month in advance. Besides, Airports Authority of India (AAI) is said to be considering putting SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode soon if it does not furnish a bank guarantee against its dues to the airport operator, which stand at around Rs. 200 crore.
While the regulatory actions might not immediately impact the airline's licence, it could force "a series of actions". Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, DGCA had on Friday also withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees within the coming 10 days.
Shares of SpiceJet, which tumbled 13% in early trade on Monday amid a flurry of negative news including fund drought and large-scale flight cancellations, closed with a loss of 4.39% at Rs. 15.25 apiece. Union civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju also last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
Experts said that SpiceJet needs to act fast to avoid problems like Kingfisher, which had to be grounded amid growing financial burden. SpiceJet reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs. 310 crore.

The Country Has Spokenreddit
While the dust is still settling from the mid-term elections and the pundits are trying to figure out what it all means, the American people have made their collective voices heard and delivered a message that they do not like the country's direction. Exit polling data from Election Day showed clear majorities in against growing corporate influence on the political process and in favor of greater corporate accountability.  The message is clear: Inversions must stop, corporate tax avoidance must end, and special corporate loopholes must close.
The question that remains, of course, is whether Congress will hear that message.  As the post-election lame duck session gets underway, Congress has an excellent opportunity to show that they've heard the American people loud and clear by acting on tax extenders.  There are two extenders that exemplify the very worst of corporate tax avoidance and should be allowed to fade away.
The first is the Controlled Foreign Corporation (CFC) Look-Through rule.  The CFC Look-Through rule allows multinationals to create "stateless income," moving income to low or no-tax countries and avoid U.S. tax in the process.  They do this by setting up a network of subsidiaries, one of which own copyrights and patents used by the other foreign subsidiary.  The fees paid from the one subsidiary to another create vast profits for these entities and avoid any tax anywhere. Google has heavily utilized the CFC Look-Through rule in its tax avoidance efforts.
The second is the Active Financing Exception.  This is an exception to the rule that passive income (interest, dividends, royalties, etc.) is treated as taxable income even if it is not brought back to the United States.  Instead, if the income is used for financial operation like financing the sale of jet engines, there is no U.S. tax so long as the profits from the deal stay offshore.  However, what constitutes financial operations is so broadly defined as to enable virtually any multinational to take advantage of it. The Active Financing Exception explains why G.E., through its G.E. Capital subsidiary, has paid a negative tax rate on billions in profits over the last five years.
Public sentiment is overwhelmingly against these and other tax avoidance tricks that continue to benefit corporations that are already seeing record high profits.  Those who doubt this need to look no further than Walgreen's, which halted a planned inversion of its own in the face of massive public outrage.
These policies hurt all of us.  When multinational corporations are able to avoid taxes, it leaves individual citizens and domestic corporations picking up the tab in the form of higher taxes and more public debt.  And it further places small businesses, which pay a higher tax rate with none of the loopholes, at a competitive disadvantage.  The message to Congress is clear: it is time for corporations quit cashing out without chipping in.
Jaimie Woo is the federal Tax and Budget Associate for U.S. PIRG, a member of the FACT Coalition.
Founded in 2011, the Financial Accountability and Corporate Transparency (FACT) Coalition unites civil society representatives from small business, labor, government watchdog, faith-based, human rights, anti-corruption, public-interest, and international development organizations. We seek an honest and fair corporate tax code, greater transparency in corporate ownership and operations, and commonsense policies to combat the facilitation of money laundering and other criminal activity by the legitimate financial system.
Follow Jaimie Woo on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jwoo9913
More:

US Stocks Fall in Afternoon as Energy Shares TankIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Eurozone extends Greek bailout for 2 monthsYou are here: Home > Collections > Greece
Eurozone extends Greek bailout for 2 months
AFP Dec 9, 2014, 12.02AM IST
Tags:
Athens
(Greece's current bailout…)
FRANKFURT: Eurozone ministers on Monday approved a request from Greece for a two-month extension to its bailout programme that was set to end December 31, amid an ongoing budget row between Athens and its EU-IMF creditors.
The decision comes a day after violent protests in Athens and a high-stakes budget vote in Greek parliament revived memories of the debt crisis that nearly sank the euro.
Pressure became even greater with the threat of snap legislative elections in Athens if Prime Minister Antonis Samaras fails to muster 180 votes in parliament to elect a new Greek president.
Moments after the extension decision, Samaras on Monday called for the first round of the presidential elections in parliament for December 17.
A loss for Samaras in parliament could trigger general elections and pave the way to power for the extreme left Syriza party.
A new line of credit became urgent after Athens proposed in October to break free completely of financial oversight.
This spooked the markets, which sent Greek borrowing rates to dangerously high levels.
But a new credit line for Greece would require the previous bailout to be completed or terminated, and with a bitter row between the government and the creditors still ongoing, this seemed unlikely before December 31.
At issue is the fifth and final review of Greece's current bailout, which would be the last 1.8 billion euro instalment of almost 240 billion euros in rescue funds lent Athens since 2010.
"Despite this progress there is not enough to conclude the review now or before the end of the year," said Eurogroup President and Dutch Finance Minister Jeroen Dijsselbloem.
"Given this we have concluded that the Eurogroup would be favourable to a request by Greece for a two month extension of the programme," he said.
Before the talks, the influential German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble downplayed the difficulty of approving the extension.
"If we need another extension, it wouldn't be the first time," Schaeuble said, while adding that Greece must remain on the path of reform.
As protests raged outside, the Greek parliament late Sunday passed the disputed budget for 2015 based on growth and deficit figures that Greece's "troika" of creditors -- the European Commission, European Central Bank, and International Monetary Fund -- regard as too optimistic.
Agreement on the budget is required in order for Greece to receive the final 1.8 billion euro instalment.
The payment should be delivered to Greece this month, but Prime Minister Samaras -- hit by the protests as well as a political threat from the resurging far left Syriza party -- has refused to yield in the budget fight, holding up the end of the bailout programme.
The greenlight by the ministers now requires a fast track approval by member state parliaments before the end of the year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1zG9ocnFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Madoff victims speak out -- in writing
The voices of the thousands of Bernard Madoff' scam victims won't be heard in the court where the Ponzi scheme mastermind's former staffers face criminal sentencings. But some wrote letters seeking justice.
Post to Facebook
Madoff victims speak out -- in writing The voices of the thousands of Bernard Madoff' scam victims won't be heard in the court where the Ponzi scheme mastermind's former staffers face criminal sentencings. But some wrote letters seeking justice. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8QBX8
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Madoff victims speak out -- in writing
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 3:57 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
File photo shows Michael DeVita, a victim of Bernard Madoff's Ponzi scheme, celebrating victory after the disgraced financier was sentenced to a 150-year prison term.
(Photo: Todd Plitt, USA TODAY)
15 CONNECT 2 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — The physical voices of the thousands of victims of Bernard Madoff's fraud weren't heard in court Monday when the first of five of  his former staffers was sentenced for his role in the massive scam.
But their concerns took the spotlight, nonetheless, as Daniel Bonventre, Madoff's former operations manager, was sentenced to a 10-year prison term.
Ex-Madoff manager gets 10-year prison sentence
None of the investors who lost retirement funds or life savings opted to speak at hearings to impose punishment on Bonventre, Annette Bongiorno, JoAnn Crupi, Jerome O'Hara and George Perez, federal prosecutors wrote in a Dec. 2 court filing.
Instead, a few voiced their search for justice in letters submitted for review by U.S. District Judge Laura Taylor Swain. She presided over the trial, that convicted the five former co-workers, and is sentencing them in separate hearings that began Monday.
Brenda Fisher, a 73-year-old retiree, wrote that she lost $500,000 "in very hard earned IRA dollars" in the scam.
"I thought I had retired and could live the rest of my life comfortably," wrote Fisher. "Now I'm always concerned about my future."
Similarly, Norma Hill, 74, an Armonk, N.Y. widow who lost the nest egg her late husband invested with Madoff, recounted how she once matched the "babysitting money" and "birthday money" her granddaughters, Alexandra and Samantha, squirreled away to pay for their education.
Now the young women are in college, and will graduate with $30,000 to $100,000 in loans, wrote Hill, who lamented: "I will no longer be able to help them."
"My granddaughters were not saving to buy expensive cars or beach houses or to enjoy a lifestyle that rivals that of royalty," wrote Hill, alluding to the riches the defendants enjoyed while participating in Madoff's scheme.
Citing what she characterized as a statement that Bongiorno lost "everything," after being arrested and prosecuted, Hill showed no sympathy.
"Whatever she lost did not belong to her, it was stolen from the investors, from the college funds, from the pension funds and the charities and from all the people who wanted to live the remaining years of their lives with dignity and independence," wrote Hill.
"Your honor, on behalf of all the victims I ask you to show no leniency when sentencing these individuals," she concluded in her message to Taylor Swain.
The judge made clear that she'd considered the victims' plight in weighing the sentences, recounting that many of Madoff's customers were left "destitute," their financial security and dreams instantly vaporized, when Madoff's scam collapsed in December 2008.
Addressing her closing comments Monday to the absent victims, Taylor Swain wished them "some measure of peace and acceptance," and said the legal system "recognizes your pain" and is working to address the fallout with punishment appropriate for the massive damage done.
15 CONNECT 2 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A8QBX8
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Judges Hear Arguments Over NSA SurveillanceIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

ICICI Bank raises $200 million via overseas bond salesICICI Bank raises $200 million via overseas bond sales
Shares fall 4.88 per cent  settles at Rs 1 968.60Shares fall 4.88 per cent  settles at Rs 1 968.60
Coca-Cola IPTL diary Djokovic vs Federer raises the roof in New DelhiCoca-Cola IPTL diary Djokovic vs Federer raises the roof in New Delhi
HDFC Bank to welcome back its former employeesHDFC Bank to welcome back its former employees
Somasroy Chakraborty | Kolkata Dec 09, 2014 12:48 AM IST
India’s second-largest private-sector lender, HDFC Bank, has decided to take the idea of hiring back former employees a step ahead by introducing a new employee recruitment programme, Khoj.
“We never had a policy that prevented us from re-employing our former workers. But now we are putting a lot more emphasis on our re-hire policy. The bank’s businesses are growing fast and we have a huge manpower requirement. We realised that a number of people who had previously worked with us wanted to join us back. So, this programme has been introduced,” Philip Mathew, HDFC Bank’s chief people officer, told Business Standard.
The bank, which had 68,165 employees at the end of March, aims to re-hire as many as 3,000 former employees over the next 12-18 months. Apart from using formal channels like staffing agencies, the bank is leveraging social networking sites like Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter to contact former employees with job offers. “It is a formal hiring campaign, with some degree of informality,” said a senior HDFC Bank executive.
The lender believes this strategy will not only help improve employee productivity but will inject fresh ideas to grow businesses profitably. Many of the bank’s former employees now work in different industries and have gained experience across a wide range of businesses. If they join back, they will be able to share their experience and bring new ideas. Besides, these workers are familiar with the culture, systems and processes of the bank.
“This will ensure best of both worlds. They know what to expect and how to deliver, so the learning and unlearning curve for them will be much shorter. Also, their ideas and experience will help the bank,” said the executive. Business heads of the bank had extended their support to this programme, he claimed.
Globally, management consulting firm McKinsey is believed to have pioneered the concept of ‘alumni relations’ to stay in touch with employees leaving the organisation. But such a practice is not common in India.
While re-hiring, however, the bank is not relaxing any of its standard assessment processes. “Even for former employees, we are following a competitive process. We are identifying those who previously had a good track record with us and are now doing well in their new organisations. Then they go through processes that are similar to what we follow while recruiting new employees,” Mathew said.
He added the bank had not abandoned its lateral hiring programme, which would continue and was expected to complement the Khoj project.
Former employees are not necessarily being re-hired to do the same jobs they previously did at HDFC Bank. Many of them have joined new departments. A majority of former employees are currently being added in the branch banking business, where the manpower requirement is generally high.

Govt seeks Rs 13k cr extra in first supplementaryGovt seeks Rs 13k cr extra in first supplementary
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 12:45 AM IST
The Union government sought Parliament’s nod on Monday to spend an additional Rs 12,529 crore this year, mainly for fertiliser subsidy and payments to multilateral institutions.
In the first batch of supplementary demands for grants, introduced in the Lok Sabha, it said the net cash outgo would be only Rs 500.7 crore.
The rest would be matched by savings and enhanced receipts.
Of the total supplementary amount sought on Monday, as much as Rs 10,891 crore was towards non-Plan expenditure.
The additional outlay for expenditure on indigenous urea has been pegged at Rs 5,000 crore, followed by Rs 4,187 crore for payment to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and African Development Bank, and Rs 2,057 crore for loans to the IMF under the New Arrangement to Borrow facility.
Another Rs 2,100 crore will go for the Swachh Bharat Mission.
Other major expenses include Rs 3,000 crore to the defence ministry on the canteen stores' department and a loan of Rs 673 crore to National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development.
The supplementary provided Rs 500 crore as additional expenditure towards maintenance of national fighways, and Rs 512 crore for providing equity to metro rail projects in Bengaluru, Kochi, and Nagpur.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had earlier said the first tranche of Central Sales Tax compensation to states might be taken up in this session. It is learnt the provision for this might be made in a second supplementary.
In Budget 2014-15, the government had estimated its expenditure this year at Rs 17.9 lakh crore, an increase of 12.8 per cent over last year’s revised estimate.
The fiscal deficit had touched 89.6 per cent of the Budget Estimate by October-end, at Rs 4.75 lakh crore.

Two IIT-Delhi students get 1.42-crore job deals eachIn the first week of placement, two computer science students of IIT-Delhi have landed annual pay packages of Rs. 1.42 crore each at social networking site Facebook.
A file photo of Indian Institute of Technology campus in Delhi. (Arvind Yadav/HT photo)
“One of them is from Btech and the other from Mtech, computer science. They have so far been given the highest package of $230,000 per annum,” said Akshay Malik, student co-ordinator of the placement cell, IIT-Delhi.
A similar package was offered to three students of IIT-Bombay this year.
The placements started from December 1 and will conclude on December 20. “The placement will begin again in January and will extend till April,” said Malik.
While the two students have bagged hefty packages, some students have rejected international offers of over $125,000 (Rs 77, 28,750) per annum as base pay.
Many such students either accept offers from these companies’ counterparts in India or other firms with domestic offers on campus.
A number of technology companies have given packages of over $100,000 per annum as base pay in international positions.
According to the institution, there was a 30 percent increase in the total number of offers by companies on campus this year as compared to last year.
The number of companies that visited campus in the first week saw a surge of 20 percent.
Last year, around 570 IIT-Delhi students were placed in various companies up to December 16. This year, in the first week itself, the total number of offers, including PPOs (preferred provider organisation), crossed 600.
FMCG firms like Hindustan Unilever Limited, ITC, GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare, Nestle and Wipro Consumer Care visited the campus for hiring.
For the first time, a Venture Capital firm visited IIT-Delhi.
Along with the giants, start-ups such as Flipkart, OlaCabs, Snapdeal, One97 (PayTM), AM Marketplace (Limeroad) and SSN Logistics (Delhivery) have also hired students in large numbers.
As per IIT-D, nearly 50 percent of the students have already got jobs during the first week of placement.

Nepal PM Koiralas only possessions are 3 mobilesprint
The trappings of power and office don’t seem to have affected Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala as latest revelations of his property details suggest.
As per details of his moveable and immovable assets submitted on Monday to the Office of the Prime Minister and Council of Ministers (OPMCM), Koirala owns nothing more than three mobile phones.
“Prime Minister Sushil Koirala has only three mobile phone sets as his property,” the state-run Rastriya Samachar Samiti reported.
The 74-year-old had submitted the same details earlier in March this year, a month after assuming office, making him probably one of the poorest heads of government in the world.
Koirala is known in Nepal for his austere and simple lifestyle. Though he has been in active politics for over five decades, he never held any public post before being elected as the country’s 37th prime minister.
He doesn’t have any house, land, bank balance, shares in financial institutions, gold or silver ornaments. A bachelor, Koirala didn’t even have a bank account when he assumed office.
When he submitted his property details in March it was stated he would open one after receiving his first pay cheque. But whether he has done it or not is not known. 
The prime minister also owns a watch and a gold ring, but since he is not sure whether the ring is made of gold or not he decided against mentioning it in his property details the last time.
Government officials and elected representatives in Nepal have to submit details of their as well as their relatives’ properties as per law.

Shrien Diwani case: Bollywood-style wedding to sensational murder trialprint
The murder case against Shrien Dewani that collapsed in a South African court on Monday was one of the most widely followed cases, with the British news media showing clips about his Bollywood-style wedding in Mumbai and closely reporting his story in detail.
related stories
Honeymoon murder: SA court acquits Shrien Dewani
From dancing with Anni to the popular number “Pehla nasha, pehla khumaar... Naya pyar hai, naya intezaar” during their reception in the Lake Powai resort near Mumbai, a scraggy-looking Dewani was seen moving from one court appearances to the next with a dazed look after her murder.
File photo of British businessman Shrien Dewani appearing in the high court in Cape Town. (AP Photo)
The marriage took place on October 29, 2010, and on their honeymoon to Cape Town, Anni was killed on November 13 , 2010.
Since that fateful day, the case featured prominently in the news media throughout its course.
The judge’s verdict on Monday was telecast live in its entirety in Britain, reflecting public interest in the case that had all the ingredients of a sensational case: the privileged upbringing of one who went on to become a wealthy businessmen, married in style, only to end up facing long extradition hearings and murder charges.
Now 34, Dewani is a free man after the court found him not guilty, even as questions remain about the case and Anni’s Sweden-based family believes justice had been denied to them. He is expected to be back in Britain shortly.
After the extradition hearings, stay in psychiatric homes, move to South Africa to face court after Anni was murdered on 13 November 2010, Dewani’s family based in south-west England is relieved.
Born in Bristol, Dewani was raised in Westbury-on-Trym. After schooling in one of the best private schools, Bristol Grammar School, he read Economics at the University of Manchester and qualified as an accountant.
He worked with consultants Deloitte for some time before resigning to look after the family’s chain of old people’s care homes in the south-west area.
He met Anni in Luton in 2009, and proposed to her in Paris in June 2010, before marrying in Mumbai in October of the year.
After getting married, they were off to South Africa — chosen as a honeymoon destination partly because neither had been there but also because Dewani liked the coincidence that their initials were SA.

Rape fallout: Uber may be forced to exit India for goodRape fallout: Uber may be forced to exit India for good
Logon ko bura lagta hai: The refrain of a not-so mellowedJyotiWritten by Dipankar Ghose | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 2:29 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 8:59 pm
Every roof and balcony had two policemen each looking down at the small clearing of close to 200 people. One carried a flashlight, constantly searching the crowd for any signs of weapons, or mischief. The other stood impassive, his eyes wandering, a rifle to his side.
At 8 pm, there was a sudden flurry of activity, the crowd stood as one. More personnel encircled a makeshift dais in the centre, armed to the teeth. The security spoke both of the venue and the individual. And the man that announced her arrival recognised the significance. “Dekhiye, aayi hai humaari beech Trilokpuri mein humari didi, jo aap sabne ab tak news pe dekha hai. Aayi hai mantriji Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti humaare beech (See, the person who has come to our midst in Trilokpuri is one you have seen on the news. Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti has come),” he shouted, as the crowd applauded.
One week after she drew flak for saying that the Delhi assembly elections were between “Ramzaadon” and “haramzaadon”, facing the Minister of State for Food Processing was a row of TV cameras waiting for another indiscretion.
But for ten minutes before she got up to speak, the Sadhvi sat impassive, giving nothing away. She wore a saffron sari, and a cream sweater. On each hand were two rings and a golden watch, and across her neck were three necklaces. Her arms were folded, and one man quietly slipped a piece of white paper to her, with names of local leaders she would highlight before she spoke. On her forehead was a red and white tika.
At 8.15 pm she rose, conscious of the waiting media. And constantly, with an eye on those lying in wait for a slip, she mocked them. On seven occasions, in two speeches, at two different Jan Sabhas, Jyoti said, “Logon ko bura lagta hai (people may take offence)”. Each time, she smiled. And each time, the crowd laughed with her.
At both sabhas, Jyoti ended by singing bhajans, and in both places she poked fun at the outrage caused by her comments. “I won’t say much, some people take offence. I don’t need to say much. The intelligent only need a hint to understand. The elections are coming. We have to win, do we not? Close your fist… when you have to face someone… you need a fist. I’ll now sing a bhajan… people should not take offence,” she said at New Ashok Nagar.
One hour earlier, at Trilokpuri, her “allergy to the panja (palm)” had been mentioned, but she had asked the crowd to “make a Bajrangbali ki mutthi (the fist of Hanuman)”, before shouting “Bharat Mata ki Jai”.
Far from the language she used last week, Jyoti this time spoke only of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and compared him to both a “party that ruled for 60 years” and a “49-day sarkar.”
But in a 20-minute speech at Trilokpuri, and another 15-minute one continued…

Bill Gross: $1 billion man at Janus 
Famed bond investor Bill Gross is once again a billion-dollar man.
In the few short months since he left bond giant Pimco in a cloud of controversy, Gross, 70, has accumulated more than $1 billion to manage at his new home, mutual fund giant Janus Capital.
Pimco, meanwhile, has been suffering billions in outflows following Gross’ abrupt departure, which has been attributed in new reports to his conflicts with other staffers.
The Janus Global Unconstrained Bond fund, which Gross oversees, added $770 million in assets in November, according to data released on Monday by fund tracking firm Morningstar. Gross now manages $1.2 billion — up from the meager $13 million the fund managed at the end of August, before he joined the Denver investment firm.
“We are doing exciting things here at Janus Capital and are pleased it is beginning to be recognized by clients and advisers,” Janus said in an e-mailed statement.
Janus’ growth, however, “is much deeper than Bill alone,” the firm added.
Gross, who was reportedly on the verge of being fired from Pimco when he jumped ship in September, also received a boost of confidence last month from famed investor George Soros. A private investment vehicle managed by Soros Fund Management, called Quantum Partners, contributed half a billion to be managed by Gross last month, Janus said.
But Soros’ $500 million is not included in the  Global Unconstrained Bond Fund’s $1.2 billion under management because it was invested in a separately managed account, Janus said in the e-mail.
Over the same time period, investors withdrew a whopping $9.5 billion from the Pimco fund Gross used to manage, called the Pimco Total Return Fund. The fund lost $27.5 billion in October and is now down to $162.8 billion in assets, down more than 40% from its 2013 peak.
Since its founding in the 1970s, Gross helped grow Pimco into a $2 trillion investment behemoth known for superior investment returns. But he abruptly quit in late September amid trailing returns and concerns about his management style, according to new reports following his departure. Pimco co-CEO Mohamed El-Erian left the firm in January amid growing clashes with Gross, according to the Wall Street Journal.

Feds: Don t Blame California Drought on WarmingIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Stocks to dump before the new yearstocks to dump before the new year
Wall Street ends down with energy; S&P has worst day since OctoberWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Sensex sees biggest fall in 7 weeks; Infosys plungesSensex falls over 1 percent; Infosys plunges
Reuters –  Mon 8 Dec, 2014 4:59 PM IST
A man looks at a screen across the road displaying the election results on the facade of the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) building in Mumbai May 16, 2014. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui/Files
By Indulal PM
MUMBAI (Reuters) - The BSE Sensex and Nifty posted their biggest fall in 7-1/2 weeks on Monday, as IT services exporter Infosys Ltd(INFY.NS) slumped after its founders sold the company's stock, while metals and mining firms tumbled on data showing an unexpected fall China's imports.
Recent outperformers also took a hit on a slew of worrisome global factors, including stronger-than-expected United States jobs data that raised the prospect of early U.S. rate hikes and a ratings downgrade for Italy.
Adding to the concerns, overseas investors have also started taking profits. Foreign institutional investors sold Indian shares worth 1.09 billion rupees on Friday.
"Today's fall was basically on tech stocks, especially on Infosys, and investors booked profits in banks. However, nothing fundamentally went wrong. Perhaps fundamentals are far more positive now. We expect more reforms to go through in this (parliament) session," said Deven Choksey, managing director, KR Choksey Securities.
The benchmark BSE Sensex closed 1.19 percent lower at 28,119.40, while the broader Nifty ended down 1.17 percent at 8,438.25.
Infosys shares led the losses. The stock fell 4.8 percent, its biggest single-day fall since May 29, after some of the company's founders sold shares worth $1.1 billion.
The founders and their families sold 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988.87 rupees each, a 4 percent discount to Friday's close.
Metals and mining stocks fell after China's imports shrank unexpectedly in November while export growth slowed, fuelling concerns the world's second-largest economy could be facing a sharper slowdown. Tata Steel (TISC.NS) closed down 2 percent, Hindalco Industries (HALC.NS) ended 2.5 percent lower while Sesa Sterlite (SESA.NS) fell 3.7 percent. Some recent outperformers also closed lower. Mahindra and Mahindra (MAHM.NS), which gained 5.4 percent in the past 10 sessions, closed down 3.5 percent.
Banks also fell on profit-taking. State Bank of India closed down 1.5 percent after gaining 18.9 percent in November. ICICI Bank (ICBK.NS) ended 1.7 percent lower. It was up 7.9 percent in the previous month.
Among the gainers, ITC Ltd (ITC.NS) closed 1.7 percent higher, adding to its 2.1 percent gain in the previous session after reports the government was rethinking a potential ban on the sale of loose cigarettes.
Shares in Dolphin Offshore (DOLP.NS) gained 4.7 percent after its Mexican client extended a contract with the company for three more years.
(Reporting by Indulal PM; Editing by Anupama Dwivedi)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Govt to work for ease of doing business: SitharamanGovt to work for ease of doing business: Sitharaman
PM Modi s foreign visits help investors perception about IndiaPM Modi s foreign visits help investors perception about India
Oil dives 4% to 5-yr low | US to produce 103 000 bpd oil from shaleOil dives 4% to 5-yr low | US to produce 103 000 bpd oil from shale
McDonald s November Sales Fall More Than ExpectedMcDonald s November Sales Fall More Than Expected
L.L. Bean Can t Make Boots Fast Enough To Keep Up With DemandL.L. Bean Can't Make Boots Fast Enough To Keep Up With Demand
 |  By                                                                      By DAVID SHARP
Updated:
12/04/2014 10:59 pm EST
Sales of the Bean Boot have grown from fewer than 100,000 a decade ago to about 450,000 this year. | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
LEWISTON, Maine (AP) — Whether it's "lumberjack chic" or old-school utility, demand for L.L. Bean boots is surging — so much so that some customers will have to wait until February to get their holiday purchases.
A backlog of 60,000 boot orders could grow to 100,000 by month's end, and the company is in the process of hiring 100 workers and purchasing additional equipment to catch up with demand.
"We just can't make enough of them," said Tom Armstrong, L.L. Bean's chief merchandising officer.
The rubber-bottomed, leather-topped "duck boot" has seen sales grow from fewer than 100,000 a decade ago to about 450,000 this year. Next year, the number is expected to top 500,000.
That growth has outpaced even the company's aggressive expectations, Armstrong said. But it's difficult to say exactly what's boosting demand — popularity on college campuses, new styles including bright colors or the plaid-and-boots style dubbed "lumberjack chic."
"Whatever is driving it is making us happy. We're scurrying to get them produced," said Royce Haines, L.L. Bean's operations manager, who oversees Bean's shoemaking operations.
L.L. Bean is adding a third shift this weekend at its leather-sewing operation in Brunswick, which joins an operation that makes rubber soles in Lewiston that's already working around the clock.
In the coming year, the company is also hiring 100 workers to bring the shoe-making operation to 500 workers and spending $1 million to purchase a second injection-molding machine like one that's currently in use in Lewiston. But the production boost won't happen overnight because it takes up to six months to get new workers fully trained.
L.L. Bean is an enviable position with its boots because price-conscious young consumers are willing to pay for the original heritage item as opposed to a knockoff, much like the growing demand for original Sperry Top-Siders, said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at market researcher NPD Group.
"You've got the younger consumer jumping all over it like they just discovered it but the boomer generation has been wearing it for all their lives. So you're getting growth from the top and the bottom of the age spectrum," he said.
Bean's boot is a rare success story for domestic shoe making.
Other well-known brands like G.H. Bass, Cole Haan, Sebago and Dexter long ago moved their production out of Maine in search of cheaper labor. Nationwide, the number of shoe-manufacturing jobs dropped from more than 200,000 in the 1970s to about 14,000 last year, according to the U.S. Labor Department.
Many of L.L. Bean's products are now made overseas as well, but the family-owned company has insisted on keeping production of its iconic boot in Maine.
L.L Bean's familiar boot started with the original "Maine hunting shoe" first produced by Leon Leonwood Bean in 1912. These days, the company has two giant "L.L. Bean Bootmobiles" that travel the country to promote the brand, and tourists pose for photos next to a giant boot outside flagship store in Freeport, Maine.
For now, there's no sign that demand is waning.
A couple of miles from the Lewiston plant, many Bates College students trudging across the snowy campus on a recent day were keeping their feet warm and dry with Bean boots.
"It's kind of a running joke that your outfit is not complete without a pair of Bean boots and a North Face jacket," said Caitrin Griffin, a junior from outside Chicago. "As a Bates student, that's what you wear. You see everyone walking around in them, especially after the first snowfall."
___
Follow David Sharp on Twitter at https://twitter.com/David_Sharp_AP
More:

Only Amazon Prime Babies Can Wear These New DiapersAre you willing to wrap an Amazon-branded diaper around your baby’s bottom?
Amazon thinks so.
The world's largest online retailer announced Wednesday that it’s started selling its own line of diapers and baby wipes. They're the first products in a new line called Amazon Elements, which the company promises will give consumers an “unprecedented level of information” about their products. Although they’re not the cheapest diapers available, they are pretty inexpensive relative to others sold on Amazon.
But here’s the catch: You have to be a member of Amazon Prime to buy them.
That’s because Amazon really, really wants you to join Amazon Prime, the company’s $99-per-year loyalty program. Prime members shop more frequently on Amazon -- and spend significantly more money there -- than non-members.
Prime started out as a free shipping program in 2005, but it’s morphed into much more than that, especially in the past year. Apart from the free shipping, Prime members in the U.S. now get discounts on some Amazon products , free unlimited photo storage,  a subscription to a streaming music library and access to an improving catalog of streaming movies and TV shows, including original programming like “ Transparent ."
In March, citing higher fuel and shipping costs, Amazon raised the price of Prime membership by 25 percent , from $79 to $99.
The diapers and wipes appear to be Amazon's way of catering to the growing transparency trend in consumer products. Amazon says that it will give consumers information like where and when its Elements products were made, as well as “why each ingredient was included, where the ingredients were sourced and much more,” according to the company's Wednesday press release . Each Elements package will come with a unique code that a customer can scan with their Amazon smartphone app to find this information.
The materials for Amazon’s diapers , according to the product page, come from Israel, Germany, North Carolina, Alabama and Wisconsin, among other places. In an email, Pia Arthur, an Amazon spokeswoman, said Amazon’s diapers are made by Irving Personal Care, a Canadian company, and the wipes are made in Indiana by Nice-Pak Products, Inc.
Transparency in household products seems to be a good business strategy right now. The Honest Company, which sells natural, eco-friendly baby products including diapers, raised $70 million earlier this year , giving the privately held company, co-founded by the actress Jessica Alba, a value of nearly $1 billion.
Parents of young kids need a lot of diapers and wipes and need them regularly, which means those products lend themselves well to recurring orders. If you sign up for recurring orders and order in bulk, Amazon's diapers range in price from 18 to 32 cents each, depending on size, and that includes shipping.
According to the market research firm IBISWorld, about $14.6 billion worth of diapers are sold in the U.S. every year, a figure that's expected to grow at 2.1 percent annually through 2019.
Amazon already sells a boatload of diapers, and not only through its main website. The retailer also owns Quidsi, the parent company of Diapers.com.
More:

Differing Forecasts Widen Scope Of Typhoon HagupitErratic Typhoon Hagupit Blows Closer To Philippines
 |  By                                                                      JIM GOMEZ and OLIVER TEVES
Posted:
Updated:
12/06/2014  9:59 am EST
Fishermen carry thier outrigger to higher ground in Legazpi City, south of Manila on December 5, 2014, ahead of the landfall of Typhoon Hagupit. Thousands of people in the Philippines sought shelter in churches, schools and other makeshift evacuation centres on December 5 as monster Typhoon Hagupit bore down on the disaster-weary nation. AFP PHOTO / Charism SAYAT        (Photo credit should read Charism SAYAT/AFP/Getty Images) | CHARISM SAYAT via Getty Images
reddit
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — Half a million Filipinos fled their homes as differing forecasts about the path of a dangerously erratic typhoon — one predicting it will graze the capital, Manila — prompted a wide swath of the country to prepare for a weekend of destructive winds and rain.
Typhoon Hagupit —Filipino for "smash" — was expected to hit the central Philippines late Saturday, lashing parts of a region that was devastated by last year's Typhoon Haiyan and left more than 7,300 people dead and missing. The typhoon regained strength Saturday but forecasters said it will begin rapidly weakening as it approaches land.
"I'm scared," said Haiyan survivor Jojo Moro. "I'm praying to God not to let another disaster strike us again. We haven't recovered from the first."
The 42-year-old businessman, who lost his wife, daughter and mother last year in Tacloban city, said he stocked up on sardines, instant noodles, eggs and water.
Dozens of domestic flights were canceled and inter-island ferry services were suspended. About half a million people have been evacuated in Leyte and Samar provinces, including Tacloban, this time with little prompting from the government, said Social Welfare Secretary Dinky Soliman.
"We've not heard of villagers resisting to be evacuated," regional disaster-response director Blanche Gobenciong said. "Their trauma is still so fresh."
Television footage showed residents in Tacloban stacking sandbags to block floodwaters. One McDonald's store also was closed and boarded up. During last year's typhoon onslaught, most stores and supermarkets in the city were looted by residents as food ran out.
At least 47 of the country's 81 provinces are considered potentially at high risk from Hagupit, officials said. The first one in its path is Eastern Samar province, where it is expected to make landfall late Saturday. It is then expected to cut across central islands along a route northwest. But its path thereafter is debatable.
The computer models of the two agencies tracking the typhoon closely — the U.S. military's Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii and the Philippine weather agency — predicted different directions for the typhoon.
The U.S. agency said Hagupit (pronounced HA'-goo-pit) may veer northwest after coming inland and sweep past the southern edge of Manila, a city of more than 12 million people. The Philippine agency, known by its acronym PAGASA, projected a more southern path. But both tracks appeared to be coming closer together as it approached land.
The typhoon strengthened again early Saturday but both agencies said it would weaken as it hits land. PAGASA said it was packing winds of 195 kilometers (121 miles) per hour and gusts of 230 kph (143 mph). The U.S. center, using 1-minute average wind speed with higher readings then PAGASA's 10-minute, said Hagupit was again a super typhoon with maximum sustained winds of 240 kph (149 mph) and gusts of 296 kph (184 mph).
Gobenciong said the unpredictable path of the typhoon made it harder to ascertain which areas would be hit.
"We have a zero-casualty target," she said. "Just one loss of life will really sadden us all and make us wonder what went wrong."
Hagupit's erratic behavior prompted the government to call an emergency meeting of mayors of metropolitan Manila. Defense Secretary Voltaire Gazmin said he'd rather "over-prepare than under-prepare."
Manila Mayor Joseph Estrada said that authorities have alerted residents. "We are ready," he said, but pointed out that "these typhoons change direction all the time."
Haiyan demolished about 1 million houses and displaced some 4 million people in the central Philippines. Hundreds of residents still living in tents in Tacloban have been prioritized in the ongoing evacuation.
Dr. Steven Godby, an expert in natural hazards at Nottingham Trent University in Nottingham, said the Philippines experiences five to 10 cyclones a year on an average, the most hitting any country.
He said the right oceanic conditions to create deadly typhoons "come together in the western Pacific and put the Philippines in the firing line as a result."
"Isolated island groups like the Philippines are particularly vulnerable to tropical cyclones and the threats come from the high winds, storm surge and heavy rains these storms bring," he said.
___
Associated Press writer Teresa Cerojano contributed to this report.
Also on HuffPost:

Universal antifreeze  busted fuses and WD-40: Motormouth busts myths0
Q: The heated and cooled seats in my 2007 Lincoln MKZ quit working on a recent trip. The under hood and the under dash fuses are good. The push button lights do not light. Is this a dealer-only troubleshoot and fix or is it something I can find and fix?
--W.W., Valparaiso, Ind.
A: This is a bad time of year to have the heated seats fail, but they commonly do on 2007-08 MKZs as well as Ford Navigators and Expeditions. The most common issue is a restricted air filter on the seat heater/cooler blower, and cleaning it usually solves the problem. If not, resetting the seat climate control module may do the trick. Remove, wait a few seconds, and then replace fuses number 11 and 12 in the battery junction box under the hood. (That would be only fuse number 8 on Ford vehicles.) If it still doesn't work, have the dealer recalibrate the system.
Q: I own a few cars, some newer than others, and do my own oil changes, etc. Some of the cars have the green and some the newer orange/pink antifreeze. When purchasing supplies recently at my local auto parts store, the counter man said I could save money by purchasing one type of coolant made for both systems. The label on the container did say that was so. Would that type of antifreeze be OK to use in both systems?
--L.A., Hampshire, Ill.
A: These universal antifreeze-coolants have been around for several years and seem to be working fine. We just flushed and filled Mrs. Motormouth's car in the fall using a universal coolant. So far, so good.
Q: Can I spray WD-40 on the rubber parts around the doors to prevent them from sticking in the cold weather ?
--G.B., Downers Grove, Ill.
A: We would not advise it. The best thing to use is silicone grease. Smear a thin coat on all rubber pieces. Not only does it prevent sticking caused by moisture between the parts turning into ice, but it helps keep the rubber supple. By the way, never use a petroleum-based product on rubber as it may cause deterioration.
Send questions along with name and town to Motormouth, Rides, Chicago Tribune, 435 N. Michigan Ave, Fifth Floor, Chicago IL 60611 or motormouth.trib@verizon.net .

Talk car 26 noises to help you speak carCLICK: A light, high-frequency tapping sound. Like someone cocking a pistol, taking a picture or tapping a pencil on a desk. Often used to describe bad hydraulic lifters. (See also: tap)
CLACK: More harsh than a click, but similar. Like the sound of billiard balls striking one another.
CLUNK: A heavy thumping or bumping sound that does not reverberate and may even seem to be muted. Often comes from worn shock absorber or strut mounts when driving over a speed bump.
FLAPPING: A repetitious noise like a bird’s wings or a flag in a strong breeze.
GRINDING: The sound a pepper mill makes, although on a car it may be more metallic. The sound that brakes make when the lining is completely worn away. Often used to describe gear clash when the transmission is improperly shifted.
HISS: The sound of air or steam escaping from a small hole. Often caused by a leak in the cooling system or a punctured tire.
HOWL: A midrange noise like a strong wind.
KNOCK: The sound of someone knocking on a door. Usually used to describe rod knock in an engine that is about to fail.
MOAN or DRONE: A low-frequency tone like the sound make by blowing across the top of a large pop bottle. Often caused by worn motor mounts or the exhaust system grounding on the underbody.
PING: The sound of dropping marbles into a can. Usually used to describe the sound from an engine suffering from detonation or pre-ignition.
POP: A sharp, explosive sound like a cork being removed from a bottle. A small backfire makes a pop.
RATTLE: The sound of those marbles in that can being shaken. Often used to describe the sound of an exhaust system that is loose and lightly contacting another part of the car.
ROAR: Like the roar of a large cat or the fans at a football game. Often used to describe road noise or a large displacement engine being accelerated hard.
RUMBLE: Sort of a staccato, muffled roar. Often used to describe the sound of a car rolling over warning strips in the road such as those approaching toll booths. Also used to describe the sound of a loud, but mellow, muffler.
SCRAPING: A relatively high-pitched jeet-jeet-jeet sound. It often speeds up as the car gains speed.  Commonly used to describe the sound of loose brake hardware, but also produced by the warning reed on some disc brakes.
SCREECH: A drawn out squeak. Usually used to describe the sound of tires sliding on the pavement with the brakes locked up.
SQUEAL: A shrill, high-pitched, long-lasting sound. Often used to describe defective fan belts or some brake noises. Also the sound tires make as the car corners in movies.
TAP: Like a click, but heavier like that made by lightly striking a table top with the broad side of a ruler. Often used to describe the sound of failed hydraulic valve lifters or valves that are out of adjustment.
WHINE: A very high-pitched steady sound like that of a jet engine or vacuum cleaner, but not as loud. Often used to describe transmission gear noise or worn bearings in a generator.
WHISTLE: A shrill, clear, high-pitched sound. Often used to describe wind noise or a leak in a door gasket.

BOOM TIME IN BANGALOREreddit
The technology industry's new Bay Area hub may be pretty far from San Francisco. The Bay of Bengal is shaping up to be the next hot startup market.
Highly skilled Indian tech workers -- some unable to get U.S. work visas -- are returning home from the United States or leaving Indian divisions of U.S. tech companies, eager to build their own companies in India. The country surpassed Japan as the world’s third-largest economy by a key measure this year.
India is now home to the four cities with the most tech workers on LinkedIn, according to a user study published in June by the career-focused social network. Bangalore -- commonly known as the Silicon Valley of India -- leads the way, followed by Pune, Hyderabad and Chennai.
In fifth place is the San Francisco Bay Area, home to the original Silicon Valley.
Last year, India pulled in $1.8 billion in venture funding, according to a recent report from Ernst & Young -- three times more than it brought in in 2006. Venture capitalists invested an estimated $1.26 billion in Indian companies in the first six months of this year alone, according to the startup industry site Your Story .
It’s still not equal to China, which attracted $3.5 billion in 2013. And the U.S. continues to pull in gobs of VC funding -- $33 billion last year, according to E&Y. However, strong signs point to growth for India, as more and more of the country’s 1.2 billion citizens move online. About a quarter of the population is now connected, according to the Internet and Mobile Association of India. The country is expected to overtake the U.S. as the world’s second-largest Internet market this month, the trade group said in a recent release .
“The Internet in India took more than a decade to move from 10 million to 100 million and three years from 100 million to 200 million,” the Internet and Mobile Association said in a statement to The Hindu, an English-language daily newspaper. “However, it took only a year to move from 200 to 300 million users. Clearly, Internet is mainstream in India today.”
At the same time, India’s middle class is growing. About 50 million people, or 5 percent of the population, now earn middle-class incomes, according to E&Y . That number is expected to grow to 200 million by 2020.
Internet access and a growing middle class mean more Indians are now shopping online. “E-commerce is the low-hanging fruit,” Vivek Wadhwa, an Indian-American entrepreneur and frequent tech industry pundit, told The Huffington Post. “It’s where the biggest opportunities are.”
India, which comprises the lightest gray on this chart from E&Y's 2014 report on global venture capital, pulled in $1.8 billion in VC money last year.
Currently, India’s e-commerce market generates about $2 billion in sales a year. That’s small compared to China’s annual Internet sales of about $300 billion , or the $260 billion spent in the U.S. last year.
But by 2020, India’s online retail sales could reach $30 billion, according to the Wall Street Journal .
Flipkart, an e-commerce site founded seven years ago in Bangalore, raised $1 billion in July, the largest round of funding ever granted to an Indian company. Founder Sachin Bansal, who previously worked as a senior software engineer at Amazon India, said in July that he aims to grow the company into a $100 billion behemoth in the next five years.
In October, rival Snapdeal, an online marketplace headquartered in New Delhi, sold a $627 million stake to Japanese business titan Masayoshi Son, the chief executive of media and telecom giant SoftBank. The investment kicked off SoftBank’s recently announced plan to invest about $10 billion into India’s e-commerce industry over the next decade.
American tech giants have taken notice. Last month, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos graced the cover of GQ India -- a space usually reserved for Bollywood stars -- following a $2 billion investment in his company’s India operations, announced a day after Flipkart’s $1 billion funding round.
Investment in e-commerce outpaced other sectors in the first six months of 2014, per this Your Story chart.
India also has a growing number of web startups. Founded by a former management consultant for New York-based Bain & Co., Zomato, a restaurant review index similar to Yelp, pulled in $60 million in funding last month, bringing its total valuation to $660 million. The popular chef social network Cucumbertown, co-founded by a former engineer at “Farmville” maker Zynga, launched a new feature called RecipeWriter in October in hopes of dominating India’s food-blogging niche. ZoomCar, a nascent car-sharing service targeting India’s bustling cities, raised $8 million in October in a funding round led by Sequoia Capital, the powerful Silicon Valley-based venture capital firm.
“Over the next three years, I see a gold rush happening, as you’re going to have a bunch of billion-dollar companies. Then everyone will be there,” Wadhwa said of India. “That’s how venture capitalists are -- they’re like sharks. They sense a drop of blood and they’re all over it.”
One expert noted that economic forces aren't the only thing at play in fueling the startup scene.
“There’s some cultural shift between generations -- the current generation of not only younger people, but 30-year-olds and 40-year-olds are more willing to take risk,” said Yossi Feinberg, an economics professor who heads Stanford University’s Ignite program, which for three years has allowed students in Bangalore to telecommute to lectures at the California college. “There's this idea of success in India that you have a family, a steady job, and now people are open to having experience in a startup where, even if it fails, it’s a valuable experience in the job market.”
More:

Big Mac Hurting as Customers Get PickierIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Infy co-founders sell $1 bn shares; Investors lose $2bnInfosys
(A total of 3.26 crore shares,…)
BENGALURU/MUMBAI: Families of four Infosys co-founders, including Narayana Murthy and Nandan Nilekani , today sold over $1 billion (Rs 6,484 crore) worth shares -- within months of all original promoters exiting the management and Vishal Sikka becoming the first outsider CEO.
While these four co-founders, which also include former CEO S D Shibulal and K Dinesh, have monetised only part of their holdings -- for entrepreneurship and philanthropic activities -- their action led to a sharp plunge of about 5 per cent in the IT heavyweight's share price eroding almost $two billion from the company's market capitalisation.
A total of 3.26 crore shares, accounting for over 5.5 per cent stake in the company, were sold through multiple deals by Murthy, Nilekani, Dinesh and some of their family members, as well as wife of Shibulal.
Infosys, which currently commands a market value of about Rs 2.25 lakh crore, was founded by seven engineers, including these four, by pooling together just $250 in 1981, while all the promoters together held 15.92 per cent stake at the end of last quarter.
The shares were sold to domestic and foreign institutional investors at an average price of Rs 1,988.87, as per Deutsche Equities India, which executed the deals.
The sale has been done to partially monetise their stake, after more than three decades of setting up the company. Some portion of the proceeds will also be used by the founders towards philanthropic activities.
The shares have been sold at a time when the company has gone through a major governance and management restructuring. The last of the Infosys founders stepped down from the board in October this year, while former SAP executive Vishal Sikka has taken over as the CEO. This is the first time that someone other than the co-founders has been appointed as CEO.
Infosys shares have been up 21.4 per cent since the beginning of the year, but slipped 4.88 per cent to close at Rs 1968.60 at the BSE today.
In a statement, Murthy said: "Our family has sold a minor part of our stake to continue various activities including our efforts to encourage entrepreneurship and our personal philanthropic efforts."
"These are activities that I expect to be busy with during the next phase of my life. Even after this sale our family continues to be the largest shareholder among retail shareholders. We have tremendous confidence in the future of Infosys and its leaders," said Murthy.
Murthy and family sold 1.2 crore shares for Rs 2386.55 crore and still is left with 2.34 crore shares. Nilekani and his wife Rohini sold 1.2 crore shares for Rs 2,386.23 crore and are left with 1.96 crore shares.
Dinesh and family sold 62 lakh shares for Rs 1,233.65 crore and still retains 2.25 crore shares. Shibulal's wife Kumari sold 24 lakh shares for Rs 477.38 crore.
Infosys shares have so far risen 23 per cent since the company in June hired Vishal Sikka, the first chief executive officer that wasn't one of the seven founders. That is more than double the gain in the benchmark index.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Financial Tech sells 1.65L shares to JhunjhunwalaFinancial Technologies India Ltd
(Last month FTIL signed agreements…)
NEW DELHI: Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) today said it has sold an additional 1.65 lakh shares to ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala for Rs 2.47 lakh in stock exchange MCX-SX , thereby completely exiting the bourse.
Last month, crisis-hit FTIL signed agreements to sell its entire 5 per cent stake, comprising of 2.7 crore equity shares and 56,24,60,000 warrants, for Rs 88.41 crore.
While equity shares were sold only to Jhunjhunwala, the warrants were divested to him and some other investors.
In a filing to the BSE, FTIL said: "The company has entered into an amendment to the share purchase and warrant agreement with Rakesh Jhunjhunwala for the sale of additional 1,65,000 equity shares for a consideration of Rs 2,47,500".
Post completion of this transaction, the Jignesh Shah-led FTIL would completely exit MCX-SX, it added.
For sale of its entire stake in MCX-SX, FTIL on November 25 had entered into a share and warrant purchase agreement with Jhunjhunwala.
Separate warrant purchase agreements were entered with Edelweiss Commodities Services, Trust Investment Advisors, Viral A Parikh, Nemish S Shah, Derive Investments, Kalpraj Dharamshi, Dhanesh Sumatilal Shah, Uday Shah, Madhuri Kela, Renuka Shah, SKS Capital & Research and Madhu Vadera Jayakumar.
FTIL has been in trouble ever since the Rs 5,600 crore payment scam surfaced at group firm NSEL in July last year.
The group is exiting from the exchange business and is focusing only on core technology business after commodity markets regulator FMC order in December 2013 declared FTIL and its founder Jignesh Shah as unfit to run any exchanges in view of this scam.
In August, FTIL exited commodity exchange MCX by selling its 26 per cent stake in the bourse, it had originally promoted. Of the total stake in MCX, 15 per cent were sold to Kotak Mahindra Bank for Rs 459 crore.
In another filing to the BSE, FTIL clarified that it had "erroneously stated", in its communique on November 25, that the company exited completely from MCX-SX.
"...nominal 165,000 equity shares were missed out due to decimal calculation which was subsequently sold to Rakesh Jhunjhunwala by entering into an amendment agreement completing the sale of total share of 2,71,65,000 on the basis of the present capital of MCX-SX."
Hence, after the sale of nominal 1.65 lakh shares, the company has completely exited from MCX-SX.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US to produce 103 000 bpd oil from shale in Janbarrels
(Production from the Bakken formation…)
NEW YORK: Oil production from the United States' biggest shale plays is poised to keep expanding at the same breakneck pace into early next year, according to new US projections released Monday that highlighted a slow response to tumbling prices.
Oil production from the three main plays - the Bakken, Eagle Ford and Permian Basin - is set to rise by some 103,000 barrels per day (bpd) in January from December, the US Energy Information Administration said.
That's just a hair below December's 105,000 bpd rise, and a faster rate than most months this year.
Well productivity continues to grow, as drillers get better at squeezing more barrels of crude out of each well - and out of each dollar. Each new Bakken well is set to produce some 550 barrels a day in January, up from under 500 bpd as recently as June, the data showed.
A more than 40 percent slump in global oil prices since summer, and Saudi Arabia's refusal to cut output to prop up the market, has put a spotlight on the U.S. shale industry, which is expected to slow after four years of growth due to lower prices.
Production from the Bakken formation will rise by some 27,000 bpd to 1.25 million bpd, while Eagle Ford oil production will rise by some 30,000 bpd to 1.69 million bpd, according to the EIA's drilling productivity report.
Oil production from the Permian Basin of West Texas and New Mexico will see output grow 46,000 bpd to 1.87 million bpd, the EIA said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Major victory for India in US steel disputeglobal trade
(It found in favour of…)
GENEVA: The World Trade Organization today upheld in part a judgement that the US broke global trade rules by imposing import duties on Indian steel products, in a mixed ruling that also found elements in Washington's favour.
In one of the most complicated cases it has ever considered, the WTO's Appellate Body reversed some of the findings made by the organisation's dispute settlement panel in July and upheld others.
It found in favour of both sides in technical elements of the dispute, but concluded that the US was "inconsistent with its obligations" and should be brought into line.
India filed its complaint at the WTO in 2012, after Washington imposed duties of nearly 300 per cent on imports of products including steel pipes.
The US applied the duties because it felt Indian steel manufacturers were benefitting from unfair subsidies.
The WTO polices global trade accords in an effort to offer its member economies a level playing field.
Its panels can authorise retaliatory trade measures by the wronged party if its rival fails to fall into line.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Columbia law students demand exam extensions because of trauma related to the recent non-indictments (in Ferguson and Staten Island)People walk on the Columbia University campus in 2013 in New York City. (Mario Tama/Getty Images)
Here’s the e-mail from one of the vice deans setting forth the law school’s view:
I, as well as other members of the faculty in attendance at yesterday afternoon’s open forum, very much appreciated the opportunity to hear your fervent views on the problems currently faced by our criminal justice system, our society and our university and law school community; and I look forward to continuing our conversation along the lines discussed at the conclusion of the forum.
I am writing now in my capacity as Vice Dean, and in consultation with the Dean, the Dean of Students, and the Dean for Registration Services, in response to student requests for clarification regarding the Law School’s process for handling requests for exam rescheduling.
The Law School permits individual students to request rescheduling of an exam under a number of extenuating conditions, including illness, religious observance, bereavement, and other exceptional and documented circumstances. A statement of the policy is publicly accessible on our website at http://web.law.columbia.edu/registration/exams/fall-2014-exams, under the heading “Rescheduling A Law School Examination.”
We appreciate and acknowledge the concerns over our criminal justice system that have been roiling our society and our community. In this context, we wish to remind you that it is our standard practice to provide flexibility in the documentation requirement to fit the circumstances in which students find themselves. Accordingly, students who wish to request a rescheduled exam, or other similar accommodation, should either write to the office of Registration Services with an individual explanation of the basis of the request, or speak in person with an academic counselor in the Office of Student Services. Unless time pressure is severe, meeting with an academic counselor is the preferred alternative, in case our student services staff can offer support or other resources that may be helpful.
So far this term, the Office of Registration Services has granted accommodation to a small number of students, all of whom have detailed the reason for their request. We have also received a number of boilerplate requests from individual students wishing to reschedule exams. The Dean of Registration Services has written to those students asking them to provide additional information or to consult with Student Services.
We trust that the above efforts will suffice to address concerns relating to the current examination period, but if you have other questions or concerns in this regard, please do not hesitate to contact us.
And here’s a response from the Columbia Law School student senate, signed by its president (apparently expressing just the student senate’s views, not the law school’s):
My Fellow Students,
[A Vice Dean] sent out an email explaining that while extensions for exams for trauma related to the recent non-indictments can be granted, they can not be done by boilerplate email and require either an individual explanation in an e-mail or meeting with an academic counselor. If you do not feel comfortable doing either of these methods to request an extension and would be more comfortable with a peer interacting on your behalf with the administration, please email [email address]
If there is anything we can do to support you in this time of grief please do not hesitate to contact [email address]
Sincerely yours,
…, President
Yet fortitude in the face of injustice, it seems to me, is a pretty important trait for lawyers to have, and for law schools to cultivate. Where would the civil rights movement have been if civil rights lawyers were so traumatized by injustice that they couldn’t function effectively without deadline extensions? Where would a lawyer today be if, faced with a verdict — even in one of his own cases, and not just elsewhere — that he thought horribly unjust, he was so overcome with “grief” that he couldn’t perform effectively?
Such requests for accommodation, if granted, seem to me to promote expectations and attitudes that won’t serve the students well once they become lawyers (and won’t serve their clients well, either). I doubt, for instance, that a lawyer would fare well if he asks that a court hearing be rescheduled — in a situation where (as with rescheduling exams) there is a risk of some significant practical or competitive burden on others — because he is traumatized by such an event, e.g. (in 1991),
Your honor, I live in Los Angeles, but I’m Jewish and I’m traumatized by the Crown Heights riots, so I’d like to have the hearing postponed.
I would think law students shouldn’t get any more extensions than lawyers would in such situations. But I’d love to hear others’ thoughts on the matter.
Also, a note from the reader who sent me these: “There are protesters marching through the law school building. Shouting and chanting. It’s the first day of exams.”
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Honda adds 2.6 mn vehicles to air bag repair...Honda expands US recall of Takata air bags
AP Dec 9, 2014, 01.34AM IST
Tags:
Acura
(An earlier regional recall…)
WASHINGTON: Honda plans to replace the replace driver's air bag inflators on 2.6 million more vehicles as it expands repairs to the entire US
The Japanese automaker is the only company to comply with demand from the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to do repairs nationwide. Honda says it's doing so to address customer concerns.
Air bags made by Japanese supplier Takata Corp . can inflate with too much force, blowing apart a metal canister and spewing shrapnel. At least five people have died due to the problem.
Honda and other automakers have limited recalls to high-humidity states mainly along the Gulf Coast. Investigators have said that the air bag inflator propellant, ammonium nitrate, can burn faster than designed if exposed to prolonged high humidity. That can cause it to inflate air bags too fast.
Last week, a top Honda executive told a U.S. House subcommittee during a hearing that his company would expand the driver's side repairs nationwide. Honda isn't calling it a recall, though, and is maintaining that the driver's air bag inflators are not defective. Instead, Honda calls the expansion a ``safety improvement campaign.''
Takata and Chrysler have refused the government's demand to expand the driver's side repairs nationwide. Ford, Mazda and BMW haven't decided on whether to expand repairs nationwide.
Honda's expansion brings its total driver's side repairs to 5.4 million vehicles, including Honda's most popular models. Owners in high-humidity areas began getting notices by mail in September. Those in other parts of the country will get letters over time.
Affected vehicles include the 2001 to 2007 four-cylinder Honda Accord, 2001 and 2002 V6 Accord, 2001 to 2005 Honda Civic, 2002 to 2006 Honda CR-V, 2003 to 2011 Honda Element, 2002 to 2004 Honda Odyssey, 2003 to 2007 Honda Pilot, 2006 Honda Ridgeline, 2003 to 2006 Acura MDX, 2002 and 2003 Acura TL, and the 2002 Acura CL.
Meanwhile, for passenger-side air bag inflators, NHTSA says a recall remains limited to high-humidity areas because there's no data to suggest a problem with them nationwide.
The recall affects 2001-2011 Honda and Acura vehicles, the company said in a statement.
An earlier regional recall had been limited to areas of high humidity, which could cause the air bags' inflator to rupture and send metal shards flying into the vehicle. Including the earlier recall, a total of 5.4 million vehicles will be covered, Honda said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1zjHjt0 
Famed bond investor Bill Gross is once again a billion-dollar man.
In the few short months since he left bond giant Pimco in a cloud of controversy, Gross, 70, has accumulated more than $1 billion to manage at his new home, mutual fund giant Janus Capital.
Pimco, meanwhile, has been suffering billions in outflows following Gross’ abrupt departure, which has been attributed in new reports to his conflicts with other staffers.
The Janus Global Unconstrained Bond fund, which Gross oversees, added $770 million in assets in November, according to data released on Monday by fund tracking firm Morningstar. Gross now manages $1.2 billion — up from the meager $13 million the fund managed at the end of August, before he joined the Denver investment firm.
“We are doing exciting things here at Janus Capital and are pleased it is beginning to be recognized by clients and advisers,” Janus said in an e-mailed statement.
Janus’ growth, however, “is much deeper than Bill alone,” the firm added.
Gross, who was reportedly on the verge of being fired from Pimco when he jumped ship in September, also received a boost of confidence last month from famed investor George Soros. A private investment vehicle managed by Soros Fund Management, called Quantum Partners, contributed half a billion to be managed by Gross last month, Janus said.
But Soros’ $500 million is not included in the  Global Unconstrained Bond Fund’s $1.2 billion under management because it was invested in a separately managed account, Janus said in the e-mail.
Over the same time period, investors withdrew a whopping $9.5 billion from the Pimco fund Gross used to manage, called the Pimco Total Return Fund. The fund lost $27.5 billion in October and is now down to $162.8 billion in assets, down more than 40% from its 2013 peak.
Since its founding in the 1970s, Gross helped grow Pimco into a $2 trillion investment behemoth known for superior investment returns. But he abruptly quit in late September amid trailing returns and concerns about his management style, according to new reports following his departure. Pimco co-CEO Mohamed El-Erian left the firm in January amid growing clashes with Gross, according to the Wall Street Journal.

How to Do More With Lessreddit
Innovation is not an event. It's a long process that depends on incremental changes along the way. These small adjustments may not seem momentous on their own. Yet in their context, they can be game-changing. Figuring out how to cook a pizza 30 seconds faster doesn't sound like a big deal, but when you make 7 million pizzas a day, that tiny alteration suddenly has a major effect.
These kinds of modifications to an existing procedure are called process improvement systems. This form of innovation emphasizes the craft of production. Implementing apparently small but ultimately significant enhancements is a reliable and stable way of ensuring sustainable growth.
Process improvement systems will lead you to any of the following goals:
Optimizing resource use
Aligning organizational design with key processes
Establishing and articulating clear roles and responsibilities
First, discuss the issue at hand and identify the problem that needs to be fixed. Ask yourself these questions: how does it occur? Where does it occur? When does it occur? Whose problem is it? These will help you select opportunities for improvement.
Try multiple options at the same time and then reconvene in two or three weeks to see what's working and what's not working. Now, determine the opportunity with the highest success rate and integrate these process improvements on a large scale.
Once you've made the change, it's time to extend what you've learned. Develop simple rules of thumb based on the lessons learned -- rules that you incorporate into the existing structure and procedures of your organization:
Technical rules: best ways to perform certain tasks, tricks of the trade, safety procedures
Situational rules: time allocation, priorities, boundaries
Behavioral rules: actions, values, attitudes
Leadership rules: leadership styles, mission, esprit de corps
Financial rules: expense approvals, rates of return, budgets
In our age where big data reigns, it's easier than ever to find out what's going wrong. And it's just as easy to quickly model the things that we can do to fix these mistakes. Innovation doesn't always have to be radical. The beauty of process improvement systems is that nothing big or unexpected happens. Surrender your imagination to the facts at hand. Don't try to seek out a grand vision when a smaller change will do. Remember that sometimes doing more with less is the best solution.
Follow Jeff DeGraff on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JeffDeGraff
More:

Stocks slump sharply as crude closes at 5-year lowNASDAQ
---
After a 154-point drop, the Dow Jones Industrial Average shed 106.31 points, or 0.6 percent, to 17,852.48, with McDonald's and Chevron leading blue-chip losses that extended to 19 of 30 components.
The S&P 500 fell 15.06 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,060.44, with energy and materials falling hardest and utilities and financials faring best among its 10 major industry groups.
The Nasdaq shed 40.06 points, or 0.8 percent, to 4,740.69.
For every share rising, more than two dropped on the New York Stock Exchange, where nearly 814 million shares traded. Composite volume cleared 3.8 billion.
Brendan McDermid | Reuters
Trader on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
The U.S. dollar declined against the currencies of major U.S. trading partners; the yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell 5 basis points to 2.2579 percent.
Gold futures for February delivery rose $4.50, or 0.4 percent, to $1,194.90 an ounce on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
On Friday, U.S. stocks rose, lifting the Dow and S&P 500 into uncharted terrain and posting a seventh week of gains, as investors embraced a stronger-than-forecast November payrolls report as backing the view the economy can handle rate hikes by the Federal Reserve in 2015.
Read More S&P, Dow end at record highs on upbeat jobs report
"There is certainly a transition going on, being that for the past five years, this has been a Fed-driven market, and now the U.S. economy has the chance to gain more traction, and increase top and bottom-line growth for companies," said Bittles.
Tesla in category of its own: Analyst
Ben Kallo, R.W. Baird senior research analyst, explains why the drop in oil prices is not likely to impact Tesla sales.
Coming Up This Week:
Earnings: AutoZone, Krispy Kreme, Burlington Stores, HD Supply
7:30 a.m.: NFIB survey

Hyundai hid info: Delhi Metro mega contract underscannerWritten by Avishek G Dastidar , Vijaita Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 3:05 am
The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has come under fire from the government for giving a Rs 4,000-crore contract for supply of coaches to South Korean major Hyundai Rotem without doing due diligence required for such a high-value tender. This, after it came to light that the company had allegedly concealed that it had been debarred/blacklisted by another government agency — a clear violation of the conditions of the tender.
The fate of the contract is now at stake as Union Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu — after ascertaining facts from “unofficial channels” — last week asked the Secretary, who is also the Chairman of Delhi Metro, to take a legal opinion from the Attorney General of India on whether the contract should be cancelled.
At an internal meeting, Naidu was of the view that the contract be cancelled immediately, but sources said that Secretary Shankar Aggarwal explained to him that cancelling the tender would delay the project by at least two years, which would reflect poorly on the government.
In April 2013, the DMRC awarded a contract of 486 coaches for the Phase-III of Delhi Metro to Hyundai Rotem. Production is currently going on and the first lot is to be delivered in 2015.
According to sources, DMRC Managing Director Mangu Singh communicated to the ministry in late November that he came to know of Hyundai Rotem allegedly concealing facts only on October 30 this year.
Rules of the tender as well as conditions laid down by the funding agency, Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), states that if at any stage it comes to light that a company had secured the contract by furnishing fraudulent information, the contract would be cancelled. However, in this case, the DMRC has held the view that cancelling the contract now would mean that large civil infrastructure for Phase-III would lie unutilised for want of trains. Following the board meeting, where the matter was discussed “out of agenda”, DMRC had decided to seek legal opinion from Additional Solicitor General Maninder Singh.
“The UD Minister came to know of it from unofficial channels. He took a grim view of it and advised Secretary, UD, to take legal opinion from the AG before the Board meeting is held to discuss the matter further,” said a statement from the minister’s office issued to The Indian Express.
In Delhi Metro’s Initial Filter Evaluation Criteria number six, the bidders were asked: “Has the applicant been debarred by JICA/Government of India/any state government in India/Central or state government undertaking as on the due date of submission of bid? (Bidder to furnish a continued…

Luxury car sales pick up speedluxury car sales pick up speed
Wildlife-Killing Contests Are Now Banned In This StateCalifornia First State To Ban Wildlife-Killing Contests, Activists Say
Posted:
reddit
You'll no longer be allowed to kill coyotes, foxes, bobcats and other animals to win a prize in California. The state just became the first to outlaw such hunting competitions , according to conservationists.
The California Fish and Game Commission voted Wednesday to ban predator killing contests for prizes. The events are popular among ranching communities but opposed by conservationists who say the practice is cruel and counterproductive.
“ Awarding prizes for wildlife killing contests is both unethical and inconsistent with our current understanding natural systems,” commission President Michael Sutton said in a press release. “Such contests are an anachronism and have no place in modern wildlife management.”
The ban comes after conservationist group Project Coyote approached the commission with concerns for the safety of California’s lone wolf, known as Journey or OR-7, who was moving throughout Modoc County, home of a major predator killing contest called Coyote Drive, earlier this year.
Camilla Fox, Project Coyote founder and executive director, told The Huffington Post the historic ban specifically targets “people who actually enjoy killing for fun and prize,” not ranchers who are concerned for the safety of their livestock.
“Because of the random nature of killing contests, you’re very often removing non-offending animals who are protecting the area,” Fox explained. “Indiscriminate lethal control can destabilize a family group structure and can lead to increased pup survival.”
The San Francisco Chronicle points to studies that have found coyotes breed more often when pack leaders are killed, since those alphas are responsible for mating. When they are killed, underlings take on their role, and the packs grow exponentially .
Fox also calls the contests a safety concern for humans , pointing to a February incident in California's El Dorado County in which a game warden who was patrolling a predator killing contest at night was mistakenly shot.
Steve Gagnon, owner of the Adin Supply Outfitters, which has sponsored the Coyote Drive in Modoc County, told HuffPost he had no reaction to the ban, as he had decided to stop sponsoring the event.
“There was a lot of heat that my employees were getting, and they were having to field some pretty ugly phone calls,” Gagnon said. “We’ve had some death threats.”
It is unclear when Gagnon decided to stop sponsoring the annual Coyote Drive contest, as local news surrounding the most recent contest in February named him as an event sponsor and reported on an altercation he had with a 73-year-old opponent to the contests. He could not be reached for comment to clarify.
The effective date of regulation is still pending.
Also on HuffPost:

Rear view: The era of the politics of appeasementWritten by Inder Malhotra |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:00 am
Ironically, the problems that were to be Rajiv Gandhi’s eventual undoing began when he was still a novitiate prime minister with high personal popularity. The first crisis over which he floundered is known as the Shah Bano case. As early as in 1981, an elderly man named Mohammed Ahmed Khan had filed in the Supreme Court an appeal against a lower court’s judgment requiring him to pay his divorced and indigent wife, Shah Bano, a pittance — Rs 179.20 per month, to be precise — as maintenance. Khan’s submission was that he had fulfilled his duty under Islamic law by paying her an allowance for three months. As usual, it took four years for the case to reach the judgment stage. On April 23, 1985, the apex court rejected Khan’s appeal. To do so, the Supreme Court bench invoked Section 125 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), whereby a divorced woman was entitled to claim an allowance from her ex-husband if he had remarried (as Khan had) and she hadn’t, and was unable to maintain herself (as, indeed, was the case with Shah Bano).
Had the court left the matter at that, there might not have been any repercussions. But in the post-Emergency era of judicial activism on one hand and growing religious orthodoxy and intolerance on the other, the situation became both controversial and tense. In the unnecessarily long verdict, the judges had chosen to make ex cathedra observations to which many in the Muslim community took strong objection. One of these was that since the Quran did not disallow reform of Muslim personal law, the time had come to have a unified civil code, which Article 44 of the Constitution had recommended but had “remained a dead letter so far”. A common civil code, the judgment added, “will help the cause of national integration by removing disparate loyalties to laws which have conflicting ideologies”. To make matters worse, the judges also gave expression to the widespread feeling that the “fatal point in Islam was degradation of women”. At the same time, the judges had also stated that Hindu law-giver Manu too had prescribed that “women did not deserve independence”. This balancing act made no difference to most Muslims, who felt highly aggrieved and denounced the judgment as an “attack on Islam”. Mosques across the country resounded with the voices of clerics denouncing both the Supreme Court and Shah Bano. So much so that the poor woman, now aged 75, was coerced into disavowing the Supreme Court’s judgment and declaring that she opposed any judicial interference with Muslim personal law!
That is where Rajiv Gandhi’s dangerous flip-flop on this highly emotive issue came in. Initially, his instinct was to stand by the Supreme Court’s judgment. Indeed, he asked one of his junior ministers, a Muslim and a fluent speaker, Arif Mohammad Khan, to welcome it, which he duly did. Later, the Congress, with its overwhelming majority, defeated a private member’s bill aimed at excluding Muslims from the operation of Section 125 of the CrPC. Soon after, Arif had to rue the day when he had spoken at Rajiv’s behest. For, almost immediately, the prime minister, shaken by the steadily increasing fury of the Muslim community, especially its clerics, reversed his position. This time round, an older and conservative minister, Z.A. Ansari, delivered a three-hour speech attacking the Supreme Court verdict as “prejudiced, discriminatory and full of contradictions”. The judges, he said, were “small men who were incompetent to interpret Islamic law”.
As soon as Rajiv Gandhi reversed his position and announced that he would pass a law to undo the Supreme Court’s judgment — which was done some weeks later — there was the inevitable Hindu backlash amidst shouts of “Muslim appeasement” and “vote-bank politics”. For quite some time, Hindu extremists, represented by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad and other affiliates of the RSS, had been demanding the construction of a Ram mandir at Ayodhya in Uttar Pradesh, which many Indians believe to be the Ram janmabhoomi (Lord Rama’s birthplace). The problem was that they wanted the temple to be constructed at the precise spot where  a mosque, reportedly built by the founder of the Mughal dynasty and therefore named Babri Masjid, stood. This potentially explosive issue had been the subject of litigation since the 19th century. In 1949, when some primitive images of Hindu gods and goddesses mysteriously appeared in one section of the unused mosque, a local court had locked its gates and prohibited prayers there by either Hindus or Muslims. Limited prayers by exactly three Hindu priests in the area where Hindu deities had appeared was, however, permitted. For this purpose only a small side gate could be used. Both communities had accepted this “compromise court order”, and it was being obeyed even after the eruption of Muslim anger over the Shah Bano case.
And then, on February 1, 1986, the district judge of Ayodhya ordered that the gates that had remained locked for 37 years should be opened to permit worship by all at the small Hindu shrine. It is inconceivable that the district judge could have acted swiftly on a petition by a local lawyer on his own. It is generally believed that the judge’s order really came from New Delhi, from the prime minister’s office, no less. The local administration also seemed aware of Delhi’s directive. For the locks were opened within an hour of the court’s verdict, and state-owned TV was in attendance to cover the rush of huge crowds in that little space, demanding that their god be freed from a “Muslim jail”. Rajiv Gandhi, it seems, had acted on the advice of his cohort and cousin, Arun Nehru, who believed that, with the Muslim extremists having been conciliated by the revocation of the Shah Bano judgment, the opening of the Ayodhya gates would satisfy chauvinists on the other side. What really happened was that the government had the worst of both worlds, thus infuriating both Hindus and Muslims.
The writer is a Delhi-based political commentator

The fifth metro: In another clubWritten by Saritha Rai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:00 am
An altercation at Bangalore Club shines a light on the chummy relationship between the bureaucracy and India’s urban elite
A nasty incident recently involving a top-ranking police officer in one of the city’s prestigious members-only clubs has led to a confrontation between the so-powerful bureaucracy and Bangalore’s influentia. At a broader level, the episode shines a spotlight on the chummy relationship between the bureaucracy and the urban elite in India. The wager now is that the case will come to a quick and scripted close, reinforcing the widely held view that India’s powerful put self-interest before all else.
The story played out like this: Early last month, the car of a senior IPS officer, R.P. Sharma, who is the additional general of police (railways), entered the gates of the premier Bangalore Club, of which he is a member. The security guards stopped the car and, as can be routine, asked to see the member’s credentials. An altercation ensued and the guard was allegedly roughed up by the police officer’s staff. In a strange turn of events, the officer’s driver registered a police complaint at a nearby police station against the security guard he is alleged to have bashed up. Among the spectators to the fracas was Raghu Karnad, son of actor-playwright Girish Karnad, who posted on his social networks that he was witness to the high-handed behaviour of the police officer and saw his staff manhandling the club’s security guard.
The incident would have been yet another skirmish that routinely make the day’s headlines before dying down. But Karnad’s post went viral and galvanised public opinion. Very soon, a campaign was launched by the city’s powerful, and signatories such as writer Ramachandra Guha and fashion designer Prasad Bidapa petitioned Bangalore’s police commissioner, M.N. Reddi, to withdraw the “malafide” FIR against the club’s security guard.
As the incident began to snowball, Bangalore Club officials announced an internal inquiry and asked ADGP Sharma to present his version of the story. The club’s committee examined several witnesses, including Karnad’s son, but Sharma himself was a “no show” at the inquiry. The club then announced that Sharma’s membership was suspended for a month, a loss of face for any high-ranking official. The officer immediately hit back at the club’s excise violations — it was serving alcohol in its gardens and restaurants while its licence allowed liquor to be served only at its bar.
Bangalore Club is no ordinary club. Housed in a stately set of colonial buildings in the heart of the city, it sprawls over nine acres of prime downtown land. It was founded in 1868 by the British for exclusive use of their officers.
Later, it passed into Indian hands and its members included the maharaja of Mysore. The club prides itself continued…

Next door Nepal: The price of instabilityWritten by Yubaraj Ghimire |
Posted: December 8, 2014 12:04 am
Anand Swaroop Varma, the editor of Teesri Duniya, with open sympathy for the radical Left, including the Maoists, sent out a clear message through his column that the support that Narendra Modi has been able to draw in Nepal is the latest version of what used to be called “Sikkimisation” in the years following Sikkim’s merger with India in 1975.
Varma’s influence on Indian policy in Nepal, especially after 2005, ultimately led to the Maoists being brought to the centrestage of Nepali politics and the monarchy’s overthrow.
Independent observers of the peace and the failed constitution-making process over the last eight years have often said Nepalese actors post-2006 were frequently taking dictates from the Indian bureaucracy. But there were no critical voices from the Indian side about how far it ought to get into Nepal’s internal politics. It is, however, true that Modi has been criticised by many in Nepal this time round, unlike in August when he addressed the Constituent Assembly and indicated that his government would be more involved in Nepal’s industrial and economic growth.
The dynamic of the bilateral relationship had evidently changed in the days following, as major hydro projects were signed and politics seemed to take a backseat. But Modi revived it on his last visit, when he said that the constitution, even if incomplete, should come about by consensus and by the January 22 deadline.
But Nepal’s politics, fast heading towards instability, and the likely failure to write the constitution within that deadline, will definitely be an issue for not only the Nepalese people but also India, which believed its new post-2005 Nepal policy would keep its northern neighbour permanently in its sphere of influence and China out.
Just the opposite has happened. China is more popular today and has as much influence and presence in Nepal as India does. None of the actors the Indian establishment had actively supported, including the Maoists, are popular among the people any more. For the BJP, which has come to power eight years after India’s policy shift, it is an opportunity to blame the UPA for the mess. But clearly, India cannot escape the price of instability in Nepal and the consequent geostrategic fallout.
Those close to the previous regime and those opposed to the BJP seem to have embarked on a policy of offence towards Modi, as evident in Varma’s criticism. The criticism of Modi in the Nepali media and some political circles has multiple reasons. He gave the impression in August, that he and top officials would be monitoring Nepalese affairs, instead of leaving it to intelligence agencies and junior diplomats as under the UPA. Also, his emphasis on the constitution at any cost erases the difference ordinary Nepalese saw between him and the UPA continued…

Explained: Why the dollar is still kingWhy the dollar is still king
By Matt Clinch | CNBC –  Sun 7 Dec, 2014 4:32 PM IST
Click on image to see how a dollar note is manufactured
A question that has frustrated even the most experienced economists in the last few decades is how the dollar has remained the most prominent reserve currency in the world despite the global share of U.S. output eroding away. The Bank for International Settlements (BIS), a Basel-based institution that is known as the central bank of central banks, thinks it has found the answer. Read More The year's hottest trade is about to get even hotter "We argue that the dollar's role may reflect instead the share of global output produced in countries with relatively stable dollar exchange rates - the 'dollar zone'," it said in its new quarterly report released on Sunday. In 1978, economists Robert Heller and Malcolm Knight were credited as first to draw attention to the fact that countries held an average of 66 percent of their foreign-exchange reserves in dollars. Even today that number hasn't budged much with the latest statistics from the International Monetary Fund showing that just over 60 percent of allocated funds are held in the greenback. The higher the correlation in price between a given currency and the dollar, the higher the economy's dollar share of that country's official reserves, according to Robert McCauley and Tracy Chan, the two authors of the BIS report. The report adds that the dollar's robustness comes despite an 18 percent decline against major currencies since 1978 and the U.S. economy's share of global GDP (gross domestic product) shrinking 6 percent in those 36 years. "The 'dollar zone' still accounts for more than half of the global economy. In countries whose currencies are more stable against the dollar than against the euro, reserve composition that favors the dollar produces more stable returns in terms of the domestic currency," they said. Read More Could a strong dollar derail Wall Street's rally? "This alternative interpretation implies that currency shares could shift rapidly, as happened between the world wars." The survey covers 24 different economies which represent 28 percent of the official foreign exchange reserves from nations outside of the top three biggest economies. it also included samples for the private sector and found a similar correlation in reserve holdings. "The logic underlying both private and official behavior is straightforward. The dollar looks less risky as an investment or a borrowing currency the more closely the domestic currency moves with the dollar," McCauley and Chan said. "If correct, these findings have implications for the future of the renminbi." Rapid growth of the Chinese economy might therefore not be sufficient for the renminbi to eclipse the dollar in official reserve holdings, they added. This would only be possible if it showed "substantial independent movement" against the major currencies and if its neighbors, they said, calling it a possible "renminbi bloc."
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Give BJP a chance  PM Modi appeals to strife-torn KashmirComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday requested voters in the Muslim-majority Kashmir Valley to give the BJP a chance and drew on the army indicting nine soldiers for the Budgam shooting to illustrate his intentions to create peace and development in the strife-torn state.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses an election campaign rally at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar. (PTI photo)
He gave credit to his government for the indictment of soldiers involved in the death of a youth after they fired at a car during a routine check in Budgam on November 3.
The PM said at his maiden poll rally in Srinagar “it was Modi sarkar ka kamaal (his government’s feat)” that the army had accepted its mistake for the first time in 30 years.
J-K, J'khand assembly polls third round voting today
Modi invoked Atal Bihari Vajpayee to share the pain of Kashmiris but avoided any mention of niggling topics such as removal of Article 370 that guarantees the state a unique status, nor did he launch a tirade against Pakistan even in the backdrop of militants stepping up violence that killed 20 people on Friday.
He told a sizeable audience at Sher-i-Kashmir cricket stadium, where Vajpayee had addressed thousands of Kashmiris in 2003, to throw out dynastic politics from the state.
“What have you seen in Kashmir over the past 30 years? Either it was a Congress government or a father-son (National Conference) government or a father-daughter (Peoples Democratic Party) government. You have seen all three types of government. Get rid of all three of them for once and give me one chance to serve you,” said the PM clad in a traditional Kashmiri pheran (cloak).
At his second rally of the day in Samba, after his first stop in Jammu, Modi applauded the people for the high voter turnout in the first two poll phases despite separatists calling a boycott to the democratic process. “The finger on an EVM is more powerful than the one on the trigger of an AK-47.”
He said the time has come to make a misled youth wielding an AK-47 rifle yearn for an android phone rather than a gun in his hand.
In Jammu, wearing a Dogri headgear he touched a raw nerve when he laced his speech with Hindu-majority region’s pet peeve that Srinagar seldom cares for it.
The feeling of discrimination with the Jammu region has strong takers in 19 of 23 seats going to polls in the last two phases. The BJP’s attempt to wrest power in the state hinges on these seats.
But the Srinagar rally was his showpiece as he pledged to carry forward Vajpayee’s dream for Jammu and Kashmir but chose not to go into detail about his stand on dialogue with separatists and Pakistan that the former PM had initiated.
He said the biggest problem the state is saddled with is corruption because the Rs. 2500 crore released for relief and rehabilitation after this year’s devastating floods in Srinagar and other parts of the state didn’t reach those who needed it the most. “People told me to transfer funds directly to their accounts and not through the state government.
It shows how much faith people have in their government,” he said, taking potshot at chief minister Omar Abdullah’s National Conference (NC) government.
Rivals unimpressed
The Congress termed Modi's rally unimpressive, while the People's Democratic Party (PDP) and the ruling NC accused the Prime Minister of playing politics with flood victims.
"The BJP government in New Delhi has discriminated against the flood victims in Kashmir for political reasons and has made them suffer so that they could be exploited for political dividends," chief minister Abdullah alleged in his speech during poll rallies in south Kashmir's Anantnag district.
"Till today, New Delhi has not taken a call on the relief and rehabilitation package submitted by the state government."
Referring to the Prime Minister's relief package, PDP patron Mufti Muhammad Sayeed said, "By harping on the meagre Rs. 1,000-crore package, we are only compromising the dignity of the people of Jammu and Kashmir who are not seeking any doles but want to be treated at par with the citizens of any other part of the country."
J-K Pradesh Congress Committee chief Saifuddin Soz said, "After a great fanfare, Modi's rally turned out to be highly unimpressive, with reports of 2,500 people turning up."
(With inputs from Vikram Sharma in Samba)

Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy to sell 7 products to meet CCI conditionsSun Pharma  Ranbaxy to sell 7 products to meet CCI conditions
Uber: Service banned in Delhi | Govt puts out official list of licensed cabs | CoverageUber service banned in Delhi, similar action mulled
PTI Dec 9, 2014, 12.16AM IST
Tags:
Delhi court
(The case had also a new twist…)
NEW DELHI: International taxi-booking service Uber was banned in the capital today and government mulled similar action across the country as outrage grew over the alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman executive by its driver who is stated to be a repeat offender and was jailed before.
The case had also a new twist over a 'character certificate' issued in the name of an Additional DCP of the Delhi Police to the accused driver Shiv Kumar Yadav in August this year with Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi calling it fake and ordering a probe into this and registration of an FIR. This certificate was provided to Uber, police said.
Late tonight, Delhi Police filed an FIR against Uber for alleged cheating even as earlier in the day, a senior Delhi Police official said "we may book the company under CrPc section 188 and other charges as criminal negligence and abetment to the crime have been made out against Uber".
"We have registered a separate FIR against Uber under Section 420 (cheating) of IPC. In inveatigations so far, it emerged that the company cheated their customer on the pretext of providing safe commuting with duly verfied driver," Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma told PTI.
Investigators probing the rape case have found "criminal negligence" and "abetment" of crime by the US-based cab company whose General Manager (Marketing) Gagan Bhatia was grilled today. Bhatia claims to be the in-charge of the company's India operations, police said.
A day after Yadav, 32, was arrested in Mathura, the Delhi government also blacklisted Uber from providing any transport service in the capital even as it emerged that Yadav had spent seven months in jail in a rape case in 2011. Yadav was acquitted in that case.
"The transport department has banned all activities related to providing of any transport service by www.uber.com with immediate effect. The department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the NCT of Delhi in future," the Delhi government said in a statement.
Yadav was today remanded in police custody for three days by a Delhi court . He will be in police custody till December 11. Police said Yadav needs to be interrogated for recovery of a mobile phone used by him.
Official sources said the Union Home Ministry is planning to ask all state governments and administration of nine union territories, where Uber runs its cab services, to put a ban on it.
Uber cab services are available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Kolkata and Pune.
The rape case also brought to spotlight the laxity in enforcement of established norms governing the transport sector in the capital.
"He did not have the mandatory PSV badge that is issued by the state transport authority after getting a police verification. Uber did not bother to check that and hired him," said a police officer.
Yadav, who was driving the uber cab, allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back to her home in north Delhi's Inderlok area.
The police said that during investigations prime facie it has emerged that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber as a number of alleged shortcomings were found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor there was a GPS tracking device in the car.
As per norms, it is mandatory for all private cab service providers to carry out a background check and obtain police verification of the drivers.
Meanwhile, the city witnessed protests at various places including outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh's residence. Holding placards and chanting anti-government slogans, the protesters demanded better security for women and punishment for the driver.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Extending Corporate Tax Breaks Is an Urgent Issuereddit
Maybe I'm an idiot. But there's something I just don't understand, and perhaps one of you good people can help me make sense of it. If Congressional Republicans are to be believed, the most serious crisis facing our government right now is that a bunch of corporations might not be able to take advantage of tax deductions that they've been taking advantage of for quite a few years now. Yes, the end of the calendar year is coming and if it passes without the extension of these tax breaks then, poof, the deductions will be unavailable, at least for the 2014 tax year.
Bear in mind that the deductions -- in theory -- exist to give an incentive to businesses to make productive decisions. Well, the year is just about over, and companies have made whatever decisions they are going to make for 2014. That's why passing the tax cut at the 11th hour is truly nothing but a giveaway to corporations. Oh, and unlike, say, extending long-term unemployment insurance, Republicans aren't insisting that the cost be offset. I guess only government spending that goes to the little people has to be paid for.
So, on Thursday the House of Representatives voted to extend  these corporate giveaways retroactively for one year. And here's Speaker John Boehner to tell us why this is a good thing: "I am hopeful today's bill will help lay the groundwork for the House and Senate to continue their work to fix our broken tax code through tax reform."
Now I'm going to say something you may not expect me to: John Boehner is right. You heard me. The tax code is broken; however (you didn't really think I'd gone over to the dark side, did you?), not in the way the speaker claims it is. Furthermore, the changes he proposes will do nothing to fix the real problem in our tax code, and in our economy more broadly. The problem that beggars a solution is the fact that corporations, by any number of measures, are earning more profits than at any previous point in our history, yet the wages of the workers they employ are dropping, and not in the good way, like when Beyoncé drops a new release.
First, let's clarify just how bad the problem is. A detailed analysis at the New York Times is worth the full read, but check out this visual:
Corporate profits have reached heights not seen since 1929 (I'm no economist, but doesn't that year ring a bell?), while wages have dropped to a level not seen since Joe DiMaggio roamed center field at Yankee Stadium. How about the effective corporate tax rate, the rate businesses actually pay on their profits? Lower than it's been since the Depression, during which there were two years of net losses for American businesses. One more thing: as worker productivity has shot up over the past four decades, virtually none of those gains have gone to workers in the form of wages.
And if you like charts, how about this one on after tax corporate profits:
And then there's the data on median household income, adjusted for inflation:
In fact, the reason why corporate profits are sky high is that employee compensation is so low, explained Jan Hatzius, Goldman Sachs' lead U.S. economist: "The strength (in profits) is directly related to the weakness in hourly wages." But remember that the real crisis is that corporate tax breaks might not get extended.
There was a deal in the works to make permanent a bunch of these corporate tax breaks, to which lame duck Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) apparently agreed even after Republicans withdrew their initial promise to include permanent extensions of the Earned Income Tax Credit and the Child Tax Credit as " payback " for President Obama's executive action on immigration.
Thankfully, a presidential veto threat killed that deal. This chart makes clear what would happen if those tax breaks for working people were allowed to expire in 2017, as they will according to current law. Interestingly, there were reports on Friday that Reid may not go along with John Boehner's House bill extending the corporate tax breaks for one year.
To return to my opening proposition, maybe I am an idiot. Maybe I just don't understand the intricacies of corporate high finance and whatnot. But I'm sorry, I can't accept that the major problem with our corporate tax code is that corporations need more help. I can't accept that the owners are taking home more and more while the workers take home less and less, even as they grow ever more productive on the job.
That disconnect, that disparity, is the fundamental crisis in our corporate tax code and in our economy, Mr. Boehner. This crisis has been ongoing for four decades, and it's only getting worse. That's the issue that should be front and center in Congress.
Follow Ian Reifowitz on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ianreifowitz
More:

Doubts that linger over solution to too big to failThe doubts that linger over solution to ‘too big to fail’
Martin Arnold
Three big questions hanging over banking regulation
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f0d8832-7edf-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rising imports pose threat to current account deficitRising imports pose threat to current account deficit
Mars mountain may have formed from a lake: NASAMars mountain may have arisen from lake sediments: NASA
By AFP | 9 Dec, 2014, 01.53AM IST
0
Share More
READ MORE ON » united states | Red Planet | NASA | Jet Propulsion Laboratory | Curiosity | California Institute of Technology
Gale Crater on the planet Mars, is shown in this artist's depiction provided by NASA December 8, 2014. Billions of years ago, a lake once filled the 96-mile (154-km) wide crater being explored by NASA's Mars rover Curiosity, bolstering evidence that the planet most like Earth in the solar system was suitable for microbial life, scientists said on Monday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MIAMI: A mountain on Mars may have built up over time from lake sediments, according to NASA scientists who have been studying observations from the Curiosity rover scouring the Red Planet .
The latest analysis is based on rocks discovered at the lower edges of Mount Sharp, which is located, rather oddly, in the midst of a crater on Earth's neighboring planet.
While scientists are still not sure how long Mars was wet for any given spell through history, a "great surprise" was finding slanted rocks and soil that point to the existence of a lake bed in the crater, said Curiosity project scientist John Grotzinger of the California Institute of Technology .
Known as inclined strata, this kind of geological formation is key for understanding how a planet formed but is hard to find distinct examples of, even on Earth, he told reporters.
"When we saw the inclined strata and they were dipping toward Mount Sharp that was really a great surprise," he said.
"Where there's now a mountain, there may have once been a series of lakes."
Curiosity's pictures and data collected from the Martian soil in the lowest sedimentary layers of Mount Sharp, which reaches a height of about three miles (five kilometers), has helped scientists see the remnants of how rivers once carried sand and silt to the lake, depositing sediment at the mouth of the river.
This process would have repeated itself again and again to form a delta.
"After the crater filled to a height of at least a few hundred yards (meters) and the sediments hardened into rock, the accumulated layers of sediment were sculpted over time into a mountainous shape by wind erosion that carved away the material between the crater perimeter and what is now the edge of the mountain," NASA said in a statement.
Billions of years ago, the planet is believed to have been much warmer, with a thicker atmosphere that would have supported liquid water and potentially some form of life.
The latest data "tends to push warm and wet Mars a little later in its history than we previously thought, to about three and a half billion years ago," give or take a few hundred million years, said Ashwin Vasavada, Curiosity deputy project scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena.
"The part that we are not sure of is whether it was continuous or episodic," he told reporters.
The $2.5 billion US space agency rover has been exploring the area since it landed in Gale Crater in 2012, and has traveled five miles (eight kilometers) from its touch down site.
As the rover climbs higher, scientists hope to learn more about how the mountain formed, and what was happening billions of years ago on Mars, which is now cold and dry with a very thin atmosphere.
"We would like to see if there are times when the lake freshens, if there are time when the lake becomes salty, if there are times when it evaporates completely," said Grotzinger.
"That will really begin to tell us about the climate history on Mars at a higher level."

SpiceJet cancels over 1 800 flightsYou are here: Home > Collections > Dgca
SpiceJet cancels over 1,800 flights in domestic sector
PTI Dec 8, 2014, 09.52PM IST
Tags:
Aai
(The air carrier has cancelled…)
CHENNAI: Cash-strapped SpiceJet has cancelled over 1,800 flights across the country for the current month, in signs of mounting troubles for the budget airline.
The air carrier, which is part of Kalanithi Maran-led Sun Group, has cancelled a total of 1,861 flights, a few to Kathmandu in Nepal and all others connecting domestic cities, till December 31, SpiceJet said in an update on its website.
These included 81 flights scheduled for today itself. The large-scale flight cancellations came at a time when the aviation regulator DGCA was considering issuing a show- cause notice to the airline for defying its directives regarding advance bookings.
DGCA has asked the airline to stop taking bookings by tomorrow of more than one month in advance.
Besides, Airports Authority of India (AAI) is said to be considering putting SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode soon if it does not furnish a bank guarantee against its dues to the airport operator, which stand at around Rs 200 crore.
While the regulatory actions might not immediately impact the airline's licence, it could force "a series of actions".
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, DGCA had on Friday also withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees within the coming 10 days.
Shares of SpiceJet, which tumbled 13 per cent in early trade today amid a flurry of negative news including fund drought and large-scale flight cancellations, closed with a loss of 4.39 per cent at Rs 15.25 apiece.
Union Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju also last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
  "We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
Experts said that SpiceJet needs to act fast to avoid problems like Kingfisher, which had to be grounded amid growing financial burden.
SpiceJet reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs 310 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Grain Mostly Higher  Livestock LowerIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Govt admits: Hydro projects did affect UttarakhandfloodsWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 3:12 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 9:56 am
The Centre on Monday admitted for the first time that hydropower projects had “direct and indirect impact in the aggravation of floods” that hit Uttarakhand in 2013, killing hundreds and leaving thousands homeless.
It also said that the projects caused “irreversible damage” to the environment and enhanced landslides and other disasters.
Filing its affidavit in the Supreme Court on Monday, the Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF) conceded that “the maximum damage sites in the disaster affected areas (were) located either upstream or immediately downstream” from these projects.
This is the first such admission by the Centre in the court, which had stalled 24 of the 39 proposed projects in Uttarakhand after noting that they significantly impacted biodiversity in two sub-basins of the Alaknanda and Bhagirathi rivers.
The Centre had earlier denied that the projects had played a role in escalating the 2013 disaster in the state. The government had even said that it wanted to link the projects with its ambitious Ganga rejuvenation plan.
In its latest affidavit, the MoEF said that construction of the projects overburdened the local ecology, and that there was proof of irreversible damage to to the environment in terms of loss of forests, degraded water quality, and an enhanced impact of landslides and other disasters.
“The essential parameters of river connectivity have been compromised on many river stretches… construction has significantly degraded the environment while many other sites have been impacted as a result of the cumulative effect of the already existing and under-construction projects, while some others have escalated the degradation by non compliance and violation,” it said.
Expressing concerns over shrinking deltas due to change in river courses and change of river bed profile because of heavy deposition of debris, the MoEF said that it would require at least 12 more months to conduct a thorough and comprehensive study as well as critical examination of the projects.
It claimed that the thee-month time provided by the Supreme Court to the Expert Body last year was not adequate. The MoEF added that the body, with some additional members, could eventually suggest how many hydropower projects could be allowed in a sustainable manner, as well as locations, design and capacity.
This reflects a major change in the stand of the NDA government from the last affidavit, wherein it sought to go ahead with the projects if they met certain criteria. The court will examine the government’s new affidavit on Tuesday.

House panel addresses Cong concerns  Insurance BillreadyWritten by Liz Mathew , Surabhi | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 3:08 am
Paving the way for the passage of long-pending reforms in the insurance sector, the Select Committee on the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill has finalised its report recommending a composite cap of 49 per cent for foreign investment in the sector. Further, it has recommended that the issue of Indian ownership and “control” be clearly defined in the Act.
“We have finalised the report and will submit it to the Rajya Sabha on December 10,” said Chandan Mitra, chairman of the select panel, while declining to give details of the report.
The composite 49 per cent cap would include foreign direct investment, foreign institutional investments, foreign portfolio investments as well as all instruments that may be included as FII at a later date, sources said.
“The cap has been completely ring-fenced,” said a Congress leader, adding that the issue of control has also been suitably addressed based on the Companies Act, 2013. “This addresses all our concerns,” said the Congress leader.
The draft report, sources told The Indian Express, has stated that the term “control” must be defined in the Act itself with an explanation. It has recommended that “it shall include the right to appoint a majority of directors or to control the management or policy decisions, including by virtue of their shareholding or management rights or shareholders agreement or voting rights,” sources said.
The panel has also recommended including the provision to enhance the minimum capital base of health insurance companies to Rs 100 crore from the current Rs 50 crore. Further, the commission for insurance agents should be made mandatory along with the surveyor’s role.
A specific reference should also be included to allow members of Lloyds so that once it establishes a branch for re-insurance in India, eligible members who satisfy IRDA criteria can operate their business.
While the AIADMK and the BJD are understood to have supported the Bill, some parties are still opposed to it. Top sources said the Left parties and the Trinamool Congress would present dissenting notes on Tuesday and the Samajwadi Party and Janata Dal (United) too could do the same.
The CPI(M) will have a dissent note that says there can be no disinvestment in GIC and that the Finance Ministry has failed to explain why it has rejected the parliamentary standing committee’s unanimous report rejecting FDI increase in the insurance sector.
Sources said the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill is likely to be placed before Parliament for consideration as early as next week. However, its passage is still unclear. It may be deferred to the next session as some parties do not want it to be enacted before US President Barack Obama’s visit in January.
Welcoming the panel’s report, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley expressed confidence that the insurance market would expand after the Bill is passed by Parliament. He also met co-chairs of the India-UK Financial Partnership — Jerry Gimstone, chairman, Standard Life, UK and Uday Kotak, executive vice-chairman and managing director, Kotak Mahindra Bank.

CIA interrogation report could cause global...9/11 attacks
(White House Press Secretary…)
WASHINGTON: The release of a Senate committee report on CIA interrogation techniques can impact the security of US assets and personnel globally, the White House today said, as the Pentagon asked its commanders to take measures to prevent any untoward incident.
The report is likely to be released tomorrow by Senate Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.
White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said US President Barack Obama believes that the use of those interrogation tactics were unwarranted.
"It did not enhance national security interest of the United States of America," he said.
Meanwhile, security of American assets and personnel around the globe has been beefed up.
"Release of the report could cause unrest. So the combatant commands have been asked to take appropriate measures," Col Steve Warren , Pentagon spokesperson, told reporters during an off-camera news briefing.
Warren said guidelines in this regard were issued on Friday.
The White House said that the Obama administration has been focused on this for the past several months.
"The administration has been, for months, preparing for the release of this report. There (are) some indications that the release of the report could lead to a greater risk that is posed to US facilities and individuals all around the world," Earnest said.
"So, the administration has taken the prudent steps to ensure that the proper security precautions are in place at US facilities around the globe," he said.
Earnest said: "The President, on his first or second day in office, took the steps using executive action to put an end to the tactics that are described in the report."
He said Obama believes it is important to release the report, so that people understand exactly what transpired.
"There are obviously gonna be some limits about what can be said, given the classified nature of the programme. But because of the scrupulous work of the committee and the administration and the intelligence community in particular, we have declassified as much of that report as we can," he added.
The full, 6,800-page report on interrogations under President George W Bush is expected to remain classified.
However, a 500-page redacted summary is expected to be released soon by Senator Dianne Feinstein, chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee.
It is expected to contain new information about techniques used by CIA when interrogating terror susects in the years after the 9/11 attacks .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shrien Dewani case: Bollywood-style wedding to sensational murder trialprint
The murder case against Shrien Dewani that collapsed in a South African court on Monday was one of the most widely followed cases, with the British news media showing clips about his Bollywood-style wedding in Mumbai and closely reporting his story in detail.
related stories
Honeymoon murder: SA court acquits Shrien Dewani
From dancing with Anni to the popular number “Pehla nasha, pehla khumaar... Naya pyar hai, naya intezaar” during their reception in the Lake Powai resort near Mumbai, a scraggy-looking Dewani was seen moving from one court appearances to the next with a dazed look after her murder.
File photo of British businessman Shrien Dewani appearing in the high court in Cape Town. (AP Photo)
The marriage took place on October 29, 2010, and on their honeymoon to Cape Town, Anni was killed on November 13 , 2010.
Since that fateful day, the case featured prominently in the news media throughout its course.
The judge’s verdict on Monday was telecast live in its entirety in Britain, reflecting public interest in the case that had all the ingredients of a sensational case: the privileged upbringing of one who went on to become a wealthy businessmen, married in style, only to end up facing long extradition hearings and murder charges.
Now 34, Dewani is a free man after the court found him not guilty, even as questions remain about the case and Anni’s Sweden-based family believes justice had been denied to them. He is expected to be back in Britain shortly.
After the extradition hearings, stay in psychiatric homes, move to South Africa to face court after Anni was murdered on 13 November 2010, Dewani’s family based in south-west England is relieved.
Born in Bristol, Dewani was raised in Westbury-on-Trym. After schooling in one of the best private schools, Bristol Grammar School, he read Economics at the University of Manchester and qualified as an accountant.
He worked with consultants Deloitte for some time before resigning to look after the family’s chain of old people’s care homes in the south-west area.
He met Anni in Luton in 2009, and proposed to her in Paris in June 2010, before marrying in Mumbai in October of the year.
After getting married, they were off to South Africa — chosen as a honeymoon destination partly because neither had been there but also because Dewani liked the coincidence that their initials were SA.

Merger momentum to continue in 2015  EY saysMerger momentum to continue in 2015, EY says
AP Dec 9, 2014, 03.45AM IST
Tags:
AOL
(Executives are becoming…)
NEW YORK: A banner year for mergers and acquisitions will be followed by more deals next year as executives grow more confident in the strength of the US economy, according to the consultancy firm EY.
On Monday, drugmaker Merck announced that it was spending $8.4 billion to buy Cubist Pharmaceuticals in another sign of the recovering confidence in the market for mergers and acquisitions.
The tie-up helped boost the total value of global deals this year so far to $3.4 trillion. Even if there aren't any more big deals announced in 2014, it would be the best year since a total of $4.6 trillion of deals were struck in 2007, according to financial data provider Dealogic.
Executives are becoming more confident about the prospects for growth as the U.S. economy continues to strengthen despite sluggishness overseas.
A more stable atmosphere in Washington is also helping to build up confidence, said Rich Jeanneret, EY Americas Vice Chair, Transaction Advisory Services. For investors, that's a welcome change from a recent pattern of spats among lawmakers in recent years that held up spending bills and threatened to bring the country close to defaulting on its debt.
``Brick by brick we're building a strong economy, and I think that's really boding well for the M&A environment,'' Jeanneret said. ``Executives have confidence in this market.''
The outlook for deals is also being helped by the huge cash piles that companies have built up in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Companies listed in the Standard & Poor's 500 index hold about $1.2 trillion in cash and cash-equivalent securities, according to S&P Capital IQ. That's close to a record.
The increase in deals has been one of the factors that sent stock indexes up to record levels this year. Mergers are typically good for stock prices, at least for the companies being bought, because the acquiring company normally pays a premium to ensure that the deal is approved by shareholders of the company being acquired.
For example, Cubist's stock surged after Merck offered to pay $102 per share of Cubist, a 37 percent premium to its closing price on Friday.
Still, mergers aren't all good news.
If a tie-up is between two companies in the same field then job cuts often result as the companies try to seek greater efficiencies by cutting headcount.
This year, a wave of mergers was also driven by U.S. companies seeking so-called tax inversions. By acquiring an overseas company, the U.S. business can reincorporate its business overseas in a jurisdiction with lower taxes, allowing the company to lower its tax rate. The tactic drew criticism from President Barack Obama who described them as unpatriotic because they were eroding the U.S.'s tax base.
Of course, sometimes mergers just don't work out. AOL's takeover of Time Warner at the peak of the Internet bubble is a classic example. Time Warner wound up spinning off AOL in May 2009, nine years after a $166 billion dollar merger at the peak of the Internet bubble. In 2002 and 2003, Time Warner absorbed nearly $100 billion in charges to account for the rapidly diminishing value of the combined company, as AOL's subscription revenues plunged as its dial-up services were replaced by broadband connections.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Merck to buy Cubist Pharmaceuticals for $9.5 bnYou are here: Home > Collections > Antibiotics
Merck & Co Inc to buy Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc for $9.5 billion
Reuters Dec 9, 2014, 03.43AM IST
Tags:
Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc
(The deal is the latest sign…)
Merck & Co Inc said it would buy Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc for $8.4 billion plus assumption of debt, giving the major drugmaker an entry into the market for drugs that combat so-called superbugs.
The deal is the latest sign that large pharmaceutical companies are turning their attention back to antibiotics after decades of low investment.
The spread of superbugs that evade even the most powerful antibiotics threatens modern medicine, the World Health Organization said in April, warning of "a post-antibiotic era" in which common infections were killers once again.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimated last year that more than 2 million people in the United States are sickened every year by superbug infections, with at least 23,000 dying as a result.
Merck said on Monday that the deal, which will give it access to Cubist's antibiotic Cubicin, is expected to add more than $1 billion to revenue in 2015 after closing in the first quarter, but will be neutral to non-GAAP earnings per share until 2016.
Cubist's third-quarter sales rose 16 percent, driven by strong sales of Cubicin.
The company's lead drug in development, Ceftolozane/Tazobactam, is widely expected to win marketing approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration later this month as a treatment for complicated urinary tract infections.
Merck will pay $102 per share for Cubist, a premium of 37 percent to the Lexington, Massachussetts-based company's closing share price of $74.36 on Friday.
The deal includes assumption of $1.1 billion in debt.
"Cubist is a global leader in antibiotics and has built a strong portfolio of both marketed and late-stage pipeline medicines," Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier said in a statement.
"Combining this expertise with Merck's strong capabilities and global reach will enable us to create a stronger position in hospital acute care while addressing critical areas of unmet medical need, such as antibiotic resistance."
Merck has said it is focusing on acute care within hospitals - considered a hotbed for superbug infections such as bacterial pneumonia - as a top priority.
Many drugmakers have cut investment in the past because antibiotics are typically low-priced and used for only short periods, generating poor returns. That has fueled demands for a rethink of the antibiotic market model.
It has also left Cubist as a leading investor in the field, with an annual research budget for antibiotics of $400 million.
More recently, however, there have been signs of a revival, with Roche Holding AG , GlaxoSmithKline Plc and Sanofi SA all investing in new approaches to fight superbugs.
Cubist shares were trading at $101.04 premarket. Merck shares were unchanged from Friday's close at $61.50.
The New York Times, citing people briefed on the matter, first reported the deal on Friday.
The Cubist deal is Merck's second big acquisition this year. The company bought Idenix Pharmaceuticals for $3.85 billion in June to boost its hepatitis C drug portfolio.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amazon to use bike messengers for 1-hr deliv...Amazon
(The superfast service,…)
E-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc plans to experiment with bike messengers to offer deliveries in New York City within an hour, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing a source familiar with the matter.
The company was not immediately available for comment.
The superfast service, dubbed " Amazon Prime Now ", attempts to replicate shopping in a physical store by delivering some items in an hour or two, the WSJ report said.
Amazon has been experimenting with three different courier services to pick the fastest and the most careful for its deliveries, the report cited the source as saying.
The bike messengers are paid around $15 an hour and work in eight hour shifts, the Journal reported.
Amazon will use its West 34th Street location as a base for the bike messengers. The company has built a lounge there with facilities including foosball, pool and airhockey tables, for messengers waiting between deliveries, the Journal added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

"India s trade balance unfavourable""India s trade balance unfavourable"
HCL Info MD quits  Seshadri to take chargeHCL Info MD quits  Seshadri to take charge
ICICI set to hike ATM user chargesICICI set to hike ATM user charges
Merck & Co Inc to buy Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc for $9.5 billionMerck & Co Inc to buy Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc for $9.5 billion
U.S. stocks stumble  oil falls to five-year lowsU.S. stocks stumble  oil falls to five-year lows
BHEL s hydel power plant in Rwanda goes on streamBHEL s hydel power plant in Rwanda goes on stream
Kotak Bank plans for biz growth of 18%Kotak Bank plans for biz growth of 18%
Infy founders dilute stakesInfy founders dilute stakes
Kevork Djansezian / Getty Images filekevork djansezian / getty images file
These Ceramics Encrusted With Crustaceans Will Blow Your Tiny Mindreddit
Imagine if you took your favorite ceramic piece, be it a teapot, a pitcher or a tureen, and dropped it into the depths of the ocean. Envision, if you would, an alternate reality where, instead of rotting and melting away, said discarded dishware become an unlikely host for barnacles and crustaceans to settle and colonize. The crisp white glaze of the pottery is slowly swallowed up by the wild particulars of aquatic life.
This fantastical scenario comes to life in the works of ceramic artist Mary O'Malley , who works out of a barn on the south shore of Long Island. O'Malley's "Bottom Feeder" series couples the propriety of a teacup with the bottomless mystery of the sea, yielding wonderfully detailed artworks that bring the sea to you. For O'Malley, the works were inspired by her childhood memories of the ocean and her recent move to the seaside.
Upon beginning the series, it was the relationship between control and surrender which captivated O'Malley's attention. "The technical difficulties I began to encounter when enveloping the service ware with ferocious and unforgiving aquatic life got me thinking about a common need we all have to control our own representation of beauty," the artist explains in her artist statement. "There is so much fastidious control involved in creating each one of the 'Bottom Feeder' pieces, but with ceramics there is always a margin for error, and some degree of control must be sacrificed. The composition of barnacles and crustaceans populating each piece, the way the iron oxide discovers every nook of the creatures I've created, the way the tentacles warp in the firings, etc., is always a surprise.
"This play between total control and inevitability has sustained my interest and attention because it mimics life in so many ways: we try our hardest to compose the aesthetics surrounding us-from the buildings and environments we live in to the way we dress and present ourselves. Our daily fight against nature is a fruitless pursuit, yet one we never seem willing to
abandon. I find this play between forces endlessly challenging. The dance that results from trying to find a balance between what we can control and what we cannot is where I believe true beauty lies."
See O'Malley's sites of unbridled beauty below.

Changes in insurance taxation: 5 things to knowPrint
Changes to tax laws have quietly crept onto your insurance policies. From October this year, the Income Tax Act empowers tax authorities to deduct 2% tax at source (TDS) on insurance policies. Of course, this is only for policies where the amount paid by the company exceeds Rs 1 lakh.
Those who are counting on insurance policy as part of their future financial planning need to take into account the tax changes that have come about and make amends accordingly.
Here are five things should know about the changes in insurance taxation:
1) Finance Bill 2014: The rule to tax insurance policies is part of the new Finance Bill of 2014. While the tax only became applicable from October, the change was set out in the New Finance Bill of 2014. A new section – 194DA – was inserted under the Section 194D of the Income Tax Act. This section makes it binding on insurance companies to deduct a 2% income tax at source (TDS) on all insurance policy payouts, where the payout exceeds Rs 1,00,000 during the financial year.
2) Exceptions: Some life insurance policy holders will heave a sigh of relief. The new rule is not applicable for insurance policies which are exempted from tax under Section 10 (10D). As per the IT Act’s Section 10(10D), any amount received from a life insurance policy is exempted from tax as long as its premiums don’t exceed either 10% or 5% of the sum insured. It is 10% for insurance policies bought after April 2012, and 5% for policies bought before April 2012. However, there is an exception to the exception. The section does not include any amounts received from an annuity or pension plan, an insurance policy for a disabled dependent, or employer-sponsored group life insurance schemes. If you own any one of these policies, then the amount you receive will be after a 2% tax is deducted.
3) Affected parties: Life insurance policies are designed by considering the age factor. Higher the age, more the associated risks and higher the premium charged for an equal sum assured. For example, a 46-year-old will pay a higher premium for the same sum assured than a 30-year-old. This means, the rule will affect the elderly more, as they would be paying a higher premium. If this is over the 10% threshold level, it will fall in the 2% TDS bracket. Secondly, all single premium policies where the premium normally breeches the 10% of sum assured limit would become liable for a 2% income tax at source charge. Be it maturity, survival or surrender of a life insurance policy, if the premium exceeds the 10% limit it would become liable for a TDS charge.
4) Death benefits excluded: An insurance policy lasts for a particular period of time. If the insured dies within this period, then an amount is paid to the family of the insured or whoever is the beneficiary. Otherwise, the insurance policy simply matures. During this time, the insurance company refunds the premiums paid. This amount is taxed; not the money that the company pays on the death of the insured. Other payouts taxed include partial withdrawal or surrender if it exceeds Rs 1 lakh. So, whatever the premium may be, the Income Tax Act exempts all amounts received in case of an insured dying during the term of the life insurance policy.
5) PAN card a must: Other than the new TDS applicable on some life insurance policies, the authorities have also made it mandatory for policy holders to provide PAN card details. Should one be unable to do so, the company is will charge a TDS of 20%, much higher than the 2% tax levied. This condition is likely to impact holders in the rural areas, where many are not even aware such a card.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

MDMK quits NDA  hits out at Modi govt.Updated: December 8, 2014 18:42 IST
MDMK quits NDA, hits out at Modi govt.
B. Aravind Kumar
File pictures shows MDMK chief Vaiko with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Chennai.
TOPICS
Tamil Nadu
The NDA's TN ally cites Modi-Rajapaksa bonhomie, sanskritisation of education and Centre's inaction over the State's water rights as the reasons to leave the alliance
The Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (MDMK) on Monday quit the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) blaming the Centre for “being insensitive” and “betraying the interests” of the people of Tamil Nadu and of the Sri Lankan Tamils.
An eight page resolution passed at the party’s various high level committees squarely blamed the Narendra Modi-led Central government on several accounts in dealing with the Sri Lankan Tamils issue.
Mr. Modi’s wishes to the Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa for the forthcoming presidential elections in the island nation topped the list of accusations. “It was contrary to and deviated from the foreign policy followed by India post-independence,” the resolution charged, detailing the agitations organised by the party whenever Mr. Rajapaksa visited India.
The Centre had also ignored the Tamil Nadu Assembly resolution seeking economic sanctions against Sri Lanka and holding a referendum on the formation of 'Eelam', an independent Tamil nation. The news that India would support Sri Lanka in the United Nations Human Rights Council in March 2015 was another shocker, the resolution said.
Imposing Sanskrit, a long-dead language spoken by a few thousand, in schools was with an evil intention, the resolution said, taking a dig at the dangerous trend of Hindutva policies surfacing from the BJP camp.
'Livelihood issues of Tamils'
The Centre had betrayed Tamil Nadu by granting permission for a survey for a new dam across Periyar river near the Mullaperiyar dam site, the resolution said.
This despite the Supreme Court verdicts allowing Tamil Nadu to raise water level up to 14 feet, the resolution said pointing out the Centre’s “indifferent” approach in Cauvery basin where Karnataka and Kerala plan to construct new reservoirs.
While the Tamil Nadu Assembly had passed several resolutions demanding the retrieval of Katchatheevu, the Centre’s submission before the Madurai bench of the Madras High Court that Katchatheevu agreements was a closed chapter and India has no rights over it was another betrayal, especially when the Supreme Court was hearing the issue, it said.
Alleging that the release of five fishermen was a "drama" enacted by the BJP and Sri Lankan governments, the resolution charged the Centre of stage-managing the episode to strengthen ties with Sri Lanka.
To top it all, the Modi-led Centre showed no trace of the (friendly) approach followed by the Vajpayee-led Centre towards allies, the MDMK said in the resolution explaining the decision to quit the NDA.

3 Ways to Recapture a Potential Leadreddit
Sometimes, leads simply don't convert, but with these strategies you can recapture a percentage of those lost opportunities.
Entrepreneurs live and die by their leads. The number of leads, and the lead-to-close ratio of a given company can give you a fairly accurate projection of that company's revenue and therefore, its current health. If you find that your lead flow is sufficient, but you aren't closing enough leads, you may have to make some adjustments.
Try these three strategies to follow-up with leads that didn't make it through your conversion cycle:
1. Retargeting. Retargeting is easy to set up, and it's fairly inexpensive for Google advertising. Essentially, retargeting will display an advertisement for your site (or your products) after a user has already visited and left without converting. It's a perfect strategy for automatically re-sparking the interest of potential leads.
2. Email Reminders. If you have the email addresses of your customers on file, you can set up automated follow-up emails as a final push to conversion. For example, if your user has a full cart of items, but they left the site without checking out, you can create a rule that sends them an email reminder after a day or two of inactivity.
3. Go Back to Nurturing. It's possible that your lead is simply uninterested in your products at this time -- but that could change! Make sure you never alienate your leads, or write them off. Keep nurturing them on the back burner, keeping them aware of all your current promotions, and once they become more familiar with your brand, they may return to make a purchase.
You can also work on improving your branding and messaging, so that more leads convert in the first place.
Jose Vasquez is a serial entrepreneur and tech enthusiast dedicated to helping startup technology companies get the direction and momentum they need to succeed. As the founder of Build. Brand. Blast. , Jose has established a collective resource for tech entrepreneurs to consult when brainstorming, creating, launching, or expanding a new business. Jose is also the founder and CEO of Quez Media Marketing, a marketing firm that combines technology and creativity to help new and growing companies get the results they need.
Jose graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
Follow Jose:

Modest crowd  high hopesUpdated: December 9, 2014 05:09 IST
Modest crowd, high hopes
Tweet
The Hindu
Women listen to Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a rally at Sher-i-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar on Monday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
regional elections
On Monday morning, hours before Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived at the Sher-i-Kashmir Cricket stadium to address his first-ever rally in Srinagar, groups of people walked through the foggy streets of Lal Chowk to reach the TRC Road where the J&K Police and CRPF had set up the first tier of the security check.
The number of people, though in thousands, was much below the BJP target of “one lakh” for the rally. The J&K police estimated the crowd to be around 7,000.
People were brought from villages, near and far, and from Ramban and Banihal districts of Jammu in vehicles arranged by the BJP.
While a few came to hear Mr. Modi, others hoped that their myriad problems would be solved by going to the rally. “An important announcement is going to be made about relief for the flood victims today [on Monday] and I have lost my house and cowshed in the floods. I am hopeful that we would be helped,” Mohammad Yaqoob Wagay, a resident of Sumbal in north Kashmir, told The Hindu.
Mr. Wagay said vehicles came to their village to pick them up and dropped them a kilometre from the venue. He said they were promised to be dropped back to their village after the rally.
The TRC Road was covered with BJP buntings and hoardings welcoming Mr. Modi to Kashmir. Each BJP candidate came with a dozen supporters who shouted slogans in support of Mr. Modi and the BJP. The candidates arrived one by one from Hazratbal, Batamaloo and many other places in the Valley.
Scores of vehicles packed with people came from People’s Conference (PC) leader Sajjad Lone’s constituency Handwara. Some PC workers walked the roads near the venue with BJP scarves around their neck. “I am a worker of People’s Conference. We came here to support the BJP,” one of the attendants told The Hindu.
Before Mr. Modi arrived at the venue, several local BJP leaders tried hard to cheer the crowd and get them to shout pro-India and pro-BJP slogans.

Walmart takes over Carrefour store in AgraYou are here: Home > Collections > Agra
Walmart takes over Carrefour store in Agra
Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Agra
(Two people familiar with…)
NEW DELHI: The lone Carrefour wholesale store in Agra will soon be replaced by a Walmart Best Price outlet.
Two people familiar with the development said the US retailer has already taken possession of the property from the landlord and is in the process of opening a wholesale outlet early next year. A Walmart India spokesperson confirmed it is opening a second outlet in Agra but wouldn't confirm if it will come up in the same property where French retailer Carrefour operated.
"We recently received all internal approvals for opening a new store in Agra, our second one in the city. Our team is currently working towards procuring all relevant licences and permits to have it up and running in due course," the spokesperson said. In July, Carrefour announced it was pulling out of India after running a cashand-carry chain for about 4 years that operated 5 stores.
Walmart, which operates a fully-owned cash-and-carry venture in India after buying out the 50% share of its former local partner Bharti Enterprises , said it plans to add 50 Best Price wholesale outlets in India over the next four-five years.
Its new Agra outlet will be the first store opening for Walmart in more than three years as the company had stalled its expansion in late 2011 amid an internal probe and efforts to strengthen its compliance of the Foreign Corrupt Practice Act, an American law that prohibits US-listed entities from indulging in corrupt practices abroad. Walmart currently operates 20 Best Price stores in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chicago Museum Lifts Lid on Egyptian Mummy CoffinIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Falling crude oil prices: margin booster for paint companiesFalling crude oil prices: margin booster for paint companies
Uber case: Govt may use Nirbhaya fund to track vehicles | Uber banned | CoverageUber case: Govt may use Nirbhaya fund to track vehicles | Uber banned | Coverage
Pharma deal cleared with ridersPharma deal cleared with riders
Ministry bid to lessen ONGC loadMinistry bid to lessen ONGC load
Power sector to get pass-throughPower sector to get pass-through
Hafeez Saeed Twitterhafiz-saeeds...    Cached
The news of the account's suspension has reportedly been greeted with celebratory tweets by many Twitter users. "Hafiz Saeed's twitter a/c has been suspended.
kpisp.net/hafeez-saeed-twitter.html    Cached
Hafeez Saeed Twitter, Outlawed Jamaat-ud-Dawah (JuD) chief Hafiz Saeed would no more be able to spew anti-India and terror-fomenting tweets as his Twitter account has ...

LN Mishra murder case-delhi...    Cached
New Delhi, Dec. 8 (ANI): A Delhi Court on Monday held all the four accused guilty in the murder case of former railway minister L.N. Mishra at a function in Bihar ...

India  Australia set for new beginningMore
Australia, India set for a new beginning
Australia and India will belatedly begin their Test series in Adelaide on Tuesday, although nothing about the match will quite be normal
By Brydon Coverdale | ESPNcricinfo –  Mon 8 Dec, 2014 12:36 PM IST
Michael Clarke gets a measure of the Adelaide wicket.
Match facts
Dec 9-13, 2014, Adelaide Oval
Start time 10.30 local (00.00 GMT)
Big Picture
A fortnight ago, everyone thought the first Test would be finishing today if it hadn't already, the teams wrapping things up at the Gabba and about to move on to Adelaide Oval. They thought the series would begin without either side being led by their regular captain. They thought that Michael Clarke 's hamstring was the most important issue affecting the Australian team. They thought that Phillip Hughes was a strong chance to replace Clarke in Australia's XI. Nobody ever thought cricket would witness what it has over the past two weeks. And when the tragedy of Hughes' death became a reality, nobody thought it would be a big surprise if the series was trimmed back to three Tests to give the players some grieving time.
But, here we are at the new beginning. A reworked fixture list retained all four Tests in the series, which now starts in Adelaide before moving on to Brisbane. Clarke was certain to miss the Gabba Test had it started last Thursday, but now will lead the Australians in a Test that will be more emotional than any they have played. Clarke saw Hughes as a "little brother" and struggled to hold back tears while delivering his remarkable tribute at Wednesday's funeral. Australia could not risk Clarke re-injuring his hamstring at the start of such an enormous summer, but it was also unthinkable that anyone else might lead Australia in Adelaide. Fortunately, he has looked genuinely fit at training.
MS Dhoni has also looked fit at training, but unlike Clarke has been ruled out as he continues to recover from a broken thumb. India will be captained by Virat Kohli , whose task is to ensure his men are up and ready for the challenge of a Test match given their unusual preparation. Not only was their previous Test series cancelled when West Indies pulled out, but since arriving in Australia they have had a pair of two-day matches separated by a period of mourning for Hughes and a trip to the funeral for several of the players.
But then, nothing about this match will quite be normal, as much as everyone wants to be able to switch their focus to the cricket. Tributes to Hughes will include 63 seconds of applause from the crowd and players before the match, the Australians wearing his Test number 408 on their shirts, and his being listed as "13th man" on the Australian team sheet. Many questions remain, including how the Australian players will mentally handle returning to action after farewelling their team-mate. But as Clarke said in his speech at Hughes' funeral: "We must play on".
Form guide
India LLLWD
In the spotlight
One of the great unknowns is how the tragedy of Hughes' death will affect the use of the bouncer, and the response of players and fans to its bowling. Never will that be more the case than when one of the world's fastest and most fearsome bowlers, Mitchell Johnson , is operating. There can be no doubt that England's batsmen were at times scared of Johnson during last year's Ashes campaign on these same pitches, and presumably India's batsmen will be no different this summer. It will be just as interesting to see how often Johnson uses the bouncer, and whether he gives it everything when he does.
India have few reasons to remember their previous Test tour of Australia with fondness, but it was notable as the series in which Virat Kohli came of age as a Test player. In just his second Test series, Kohli was India's leading run scorer and was third only to Clarke and Ricky Ponting on the series tally, which was a fine effort given Australia's dominance over the four Tests. He was also the only Indian to score a century, which he achieved in the fourth Test in Adelaide. Now, he returns to the same venue captaining his country.
Team news
Australia named their side on the day before the match, with Clarke passed fit and Shaun Marsh therefore left out. Josh Hazlewood was the unlucky bowler to miss selection. Shane Watson returns to the Test side after missing the series against Pakistan in the UAE due to injury, and is expected to slot in at No.3.
Australia 1 Chris Rogers, 2 David Warner , 3 Shane Watson , 4 Michael Clarke (capt), 5 Steven Smith , 6 Mitchell Marsh , 7 Brad Haddin (wk), 8 Mitchell Johnson , 9 Ryan Harris , 10 Peter Siddle , 11 Nathan Lyon .
The absence of Dhoni means Wriddiman Saha will keep wickets and Kohli will captain India for the first time in a Test. It also appears unlikely that Bhuvneshwar Kumar will play due to an ankle injury, which would leave Ishant Sharma , Varun Aaron and Mohammed Shami as the probable pace attack.
India (probable) 1 M Vijay, 2 Shikhar Dhawan , 3 Cheteshwar Pujara, 4 Virat Kohli (capt), 5 Ajinkya Rahane , 6 Rohit Sharma , 7 Wriddiman Saha (wk), 8 R Ashwin, 9 Varun Aaron , 10 Ishant Sharma , 11 Mohammad Shami.
Pitch and conditions
Adelaide Oval now uses drop-in pitches but the curator Damian Hough said on match eve that he expected "a typical Adelaide Oval pitch" for the Test. "Hopefully there is a little bit in it early, it's going to be good to bat on, and then take a little bit of spin and some inconsistency later in the game," Hough said. The forecast for most of the Test is for fine weather and temperatures in the high 20s.
Stats and trivia
Kohli will become the 32nd man to captain India in a Test
Clarke has a remarkable record at Adelaide Oval, where in nine Tests he has scored 1279 runs at 98.38, including six centuries
Australia begin the series ranked second and India sixth in Tests; India could drop to seventh if they lose 3-0 or 4-0
Quotes
"The first spell might be the most difficult. Then we might just get back into the game a bit more."
Mitchell Johnson acknowledges it won't be easy playing after the death of Phillip Hughes
"This one of the best bowling attacks we've had in a while. Guys who are bowling with pace and they're fit."
Virat Kohli is pleased with the attack he has at his disposal
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

India s new captain promises aggressionMore
Kohli promises agression and spontaneity
In Adelaide, Virat Kohli will lead India for the first time in Tests, with the added pressure of a sensitive setting and the team's full-time captain at hand, but he is not shying away from any scrutiny
By Sidharth Monga in Adelaide | ESPNcricinfo –  Mon 8 Dec, 2014 5:54 PM IST
Tweet
0
MS Dhoni's first sighting as a Test captain was in an oversized blazer that belonged to the man he was standing in for, Anil Kumble. There hadn't been a press conference because Kumble wasn't sure if he was going to sit out or play. A bunsen had been rolled out in Kanpur because India had fallen behind in the series, and Dhoni quietly slipped in with a win in his first Test as captain. That's the Dhoni way. Don't promise anything because promises bring pressure. Don't let anyone know what you are up to because that brings scrutiny. Arguably Dhoni's biggest success as captain and player has been keeping pressure and scrutiny away.
Now that Dhoni has reached a stage in his career where his body is making him sit out Tests, his stand-in has a much more difficult task than he had when he started out. This is Australia, India have won only one out of their last 19 away Tests, and their batsmen were all left scarred in England. The 26-year-old Virat Kohli , though, is not shying away from pressure or scrutiny. He is promising aggression - "the only way to play cricket in Australia" - whereas Dhoni believes in waiting for the opponent to make mistakes.
It was here in Australia, over the last two Tests of the previous tour, that Kohli laid himself bare. Before Perth he nearly broke down, asking everybody to give him a fair run. Dhoni was in his corner back then. Given another Test, Kohli scored a hundred in Adelaide. Three years later he is in better control of his emotions, but he doesn't supress them. When asked what impact Phillip Hughes ' death has had on the Indian team, Kohli spoke thoughtfully, discussing how it had affected him emotionally, speaking of his personal friendship with Hughes, built during a camp in Brisbane. Yet he was unstinting when it came to the actual cricket.
"I don't think that's even a thing of debate I guess," Kohli said when asked if India were going to bowl bouncers at what can be perceived as emotionally vulnerable Australia batsmen. "It is a part of cricket. It's every bowler's right to utilise it, and it depends on what we have in mind. We'll obviously make use of it in the game. It's there to be used. I don't think we will drift away from our plans. It's still a part of cricket, and you know we're going to stick to the plans we have in mind. We have four bowlers who can bowl quick, all are fully fit right now. It's obviously a great thing to have. Three-four guys bowling 140-plus, may be a couple of them going up to the 150-plus as well. Feels good as a captain."
Kohli went one step ahead, and promised a deviation from the same old. "I am personally going to go with whatever my gut feel is," Kohli said when asked if he was going to set more aggressive fields and if he would be willing to risk a defeat if a win was a possibility. "Whatever I feel. I am going to set fields according to that. So you might see things different from what you usually see. I am someone who goes with what I feel. It might look funny, but as long as it's effective. But the intent is going to be aggressive. That's something that I've played my cricket with, and it's certainly something that I am going to use in my captaincy as well."
Now aggressive fields and taking risks in pursuit of a Test win is not something Dhoni is renowned for, but it is possible Kohli didn't get the undertone in that question.
That he is in Australia has possibly made Kohli more vocal about being aggressive. "I don't mind a fight," he said. "I don't mind a chat on the field, a bit of banter. It probably makes me more determined, I guess. It's not that only that makes me determined. I am pretty focused to do well all the time, but that's the spice that I like. Last time around I enjoyed it. I found it hard to take it for a couple of Tests, but after a couple of incidents I found out there's no other way of playing in Australia. Rather just be myself."
Being aggressive and talking a good game is all right, but Kohli is coming off a Test tour where his technique lay exposed. The bowlers kept bowling to him outside off, and he kept following the balls - neither leaving nor attacking them - repeatedly to get out and score just 134 runs in 10 innings. He sounded bullish about his own personal form.
"It's just another two months in life, nothing bigger than that," Kohli said. "I made the mistake of giving too much importance to things that are not in my control. I don't know why that England phase is still being spoken about. I don't live in yesterday. I don't think anyone does. Most of us don't even remember or want to remember what went on in those sessions or Test matches.
"It's all about looking forward to tomorrow. If you keep sulking with the past there's no way you're going to move on in life. I'm taking this tour as nothing more than two months in my life. If I do well, if I don't do well, I'm still going to be the same guy sitting in front of you. Nothing's going to change."
There is a certain freshness to how India have built up to this Test under Kohli, but it is early doors. It is easy to sound refreshing when doing a one-off Test; routine can suck the life out of the freshest of them. The real test begins now. Captaincy might not begin on the field, but it is tested the most there. Then there will be a small matter of the regular captain sitting on the sidelines. It can be difficult to play in your own individual style at these times. He will have to look after his own form too.
How Kohli, India's 32nd Test captain, goes about the job will have a major bearing on the direction the Test team heads in after the World Cup.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Why Silicon Valley struggles in EuropeDecember 8, 2014 7:31 pm
Why Silicon Valley struggles to conquer Europe
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg
US technology groups must learn Brussels’ language, writes Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97295ac4-7a2e-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gideon Rachman plays geopolitical chessChess moves to transform world politics
Gideon Rachman
International affairs look badly in need of some brilliant new thinking
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/38378ebe-7bd2-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Three questions on banking reformThe doubts that linger over solution to ‘too big to fail’
Martin Arnold
Three big questions hanging over banking regulation
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f0d8832-7edf-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Police union: Miami chiefs statements on Eric Garners death do not reflect the views of local officersBy Sarah Larimer December 8 Follow @slarimer
Demonstrators block traffic in Miami on Sunday. (Joe Raedle/Getty Images)
Miami Police Chief Manuel Orosa appeared on South Florida’s ABC affiliate over the weekend for a discussion about law enforcement in America. During the WPLG show, Orosa noted that he had watched video of Eric Garner’s deadly encounter with a New York police officer .
When asked about the July incident, Orosa said that after viewing the footage of the officer’s apparent chokehold, which left Garner dead, the chief had expected a different decision from a grand jury considering the case .
“No, it’s not,” Orosa said on “ This Week in South Florida ,” in response to a question about whether the hold was police procedure. “Number 1, when I saw the video I thought someone was going to be indicted from that video.”
A Staten Island grand jury last week declined to indict officer Daniel Pantaleo , triggering protests in New York and across the country .
On the show, Orosa questioned whether the officer’s actions were necessary. Could Garner have been subdued with a tackle, for instance, or a leg sweep? He also said that he thought most of the officers involved in the incident will probably be indicted for federal civil rights violations.
“I saw it and I said, ‘Well this at least will calm what’s going on in Ferguson, because (the officer is) going to get indicted,’ ” he said. “But then I was surprised when he didn’t get indicted. … Chokeholds are against policies in most police departments, including ours.”
Among those who noticed Orosa’s comments: The Miami Fraternal Order of Police , which responded with a letter to WPLG reporter Michael Putney.
“Chief Orosa’s statement that he believes that New York police officers will most likely be indicted at the federal level has absolutely no basis,” reads the letter from Sgt. Javier Ortiz, the union president. “It might sound good for the audience he may be trying to impress, but it is absolutely not true. ”
The letter was obtained by the Miami New Times , which posted it online . Ortiz sent a copy of the letter to The Post on Monday.
“We would like you to know that Chief Orosa’s statements do not reflect the views of the men and women that work the crime ridden streets within the City of Miami,” the letter reads.
Letter on Garner
The July 17 death of Garner was caught on video, which was watched by thousands.
“Tackling Mr. Garner may have also caused him to not be able to breathe,” the letter reads. “We also feel that Mr. Garner was not placed in a chokehold. The fact that he states eleven times that he can’t breathe proves he was actually breathing.”
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Wall Steet drops with energy shares; global data disappointsWall Steet drops with energy shares; global data disappoints
Reuters Dec 8, 2014, 10.21PM IST
Tags:
Dow Jones
(US stocks opened lower,…)
NEW YORK: US stocks fell on Monday, putting the S&P 500 on track for its biggest daily percentage decline since October, as energy shares fell with oil prices and global growth concerns rose following soft data out of China and Japan.
Energy was easily the worst-performing S&P sector, down 3.8 percent, as Brent crude fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. The index is down more than 10 percent for the year, making it the only one of the 10 major S&P sectors in negative territory for the year.
But most growth-oriented sectors were down on Monday as well, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped 6.7 percent in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter.
In response to falling oil prices, ConocoPhillips said its capital budget for 2015 would drop 20 percent to $13.5 billion. Conoco shares lost 3.6 percent.
"I think people are looking at the potential ripple effects from the slide in oil. You're seeing some of these ripple effects today," said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles.
Several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, which may be due to some year-end profit-taking, James said. Among them, Apple was down 2.4 percent, while GoPro shares were down 5.3 percent.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 118.34 points, or 0.66 percent, to 17,840.45, the S&P 500 lost 16.76 points, or 0.81 percent, to 2,058.61 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 47.53 points, or 0.99 percent, to 4,733.22.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,197 to 870, for a 2.53-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,942 issues fell and 772 advanced for a 2.52-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
Concerns over the global economy were offset by signs of strength in the U.S. economy, including Friday's payrolls report. The S&P 500 closed Friday's session with its 49th record of the year, and is up more than 11 percent from an October low.
McDonald's shares lost 3.7 percent after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

UK privacy watchdog intervenes in Google caseUK watchdog intervenes in Google case
Jane Croft
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe4de7ac-7c76-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ITC to invest Rs 1 000 crore into dairy  jui...ITC to invest Rs 1,000 crore into dairy, juice business
Writankar Mukherjee, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.10AM IST
Tags:
B Natural
(Early this year ITC acquired…)
KOLKATA: ITC Ltd will invest Rs 1,000 crore for its ambitious foray into dairy and juice businesses which it plans to roll out in the January-March quarter, two people aware of the development said.
The Kolkata-based cigarette-to-FMCG-hospitality conglomerate will make the proposed investment in the short term on manufacturing capacity, marketing, brand building and distribution expenses, two senior industry executives told ET.
ITC has already undertaken over Rs 250-crore investments on these two businesses. Early this year ITC acquired Bengaluru-based B Natural juice brand for about Rs 50-60 crore, which is now being modernised both in terms of formulation and packaging.
ITC's expansion into dairy is done organically and involves setting up processing plants in Munger ( Bihar ), Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. Trial production in Munger will start this month, the executives quoted above said.
The company wants to have a local production footprint to overcome distribution hassles of dairy products and also to suit the palette of consumers in each region since milk quality differs.
When contacted, ITC Ltd divisional chief executive (foods) Chitranjan Dar refused to confirm investment figure and expansion plans, citing confidentiality reason.
Dar, however, said ITC will soon roll out juices across the country, whereas the entry into dairy business will be late next quarter. "We plan to regionalise both juices and dairy products since the taste would vary," he said.
He said ITC will roll out both 100% juices and nectars with 7-8 variants, while in dairy it is yet to decide the full portfolio.
"In dairy, there will be both B2B and B2C products such as milk powder and ghee to start with. However, our aim is to launch a wide variety of dairy products which we will evolve in phases," Dar said.
Industry executives quoted above said since ITC looks to launch innovative products in both segments as it eyes market leadership.
For instance, in juices, it is experimenting with traditional flavours and variants which are still not in the market. In dairy it will roll out value-added products, including chocolates. While Amul will be the biggest competitors in dairy business, ITC will fight Dabur's Real and PepsiCo's Tropicana brands in the Rs 2,000 crore packaged juice market.
When asked about competition, Dar said ITC will aim for product superiority, use the group's synergies in back-end agri and dairy sourcing, and use its wide panel of chefs in the hotel business to finetune its offering. "For instance, we have done a lot of juice trails in our hotels with chefs, right from getting the right taste to the juice thickness," he said.
ITC is expanding its agri-commodity sourcing to grow fruits and pulps for its juices business, while for the dairy business it has set up 261 cattle development centres across seven states and its milk procurement network in Munger includes 194 milk producer groups with average daily procurement of 13,729 litres per day.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Road transport ministry signs Aamir as ambas...Road transport ministry signs Aamir Khan as safety ambassador, another pro bono role
Ruchika Chitravanshi, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Aamir Khan
(About four years ago, Khan…)
NEW DELHI: Aamir Khan could soon be asking drivers not to get behind the wheel if they've imbibed too heavily or admonishing them to slow down. The Bollywood star has been signed by the road transport ministry as its safety ambassador as the government looks to lower the accident rate and rein in dangerous driving.
This is not Khan's first partnership with the government in such public initiatives on a pro bono basis. He's also engaged in the Atithi Devo Bhava campaign with the tourism ministry. Khan met road transport minister Nitin Gadkari on Monday for his new role and a formal announcement is likely soon. The actor recently anchored an episode on road accidents on his Satyamev JayateTV show, in which shared his personal experience of helping a road accident victim.
About four years ago, Khan featured in a motorcycle commercial in which he urges people to drive safely rather than recklessly. "Aamir carries an amount of credibility and his sincerity is noticed. An honest effort in the messaging should get success," said Piyush Pandey , executive chairman and national creative director, Ogilvy and Mather India. Nearly five lakh accidents occur every year in India of which 25% result in fatalities or about 1.4 lakh deaths, according to road ministry statistics.
Bad design, inadequate pedestrian crossings, shoddy construction and maintenance, lack of service lanes and the rampant violation of traffic rules have led to a deadly situation on Indian roads. The road ministry estimates that the GDP growth would get a 4% boost if the efficiency and safety of road transport could be increased.
More than two lakh lives would be saved in the first five years if this were the case due to the reduction in road accident deaths, the ministry estimates. The government is also taking steps to rein in ads that glamourise high-speed driving.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Eaten Alive  Watched by 4.1 Million ViewersIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Founders sell $1bn Infy sharesFounders sell $1bn Infy shares
CAD widens to 2.1% in second quarterCAD widens to 2.1% in second quarter
Ramalinga Raju gets 6-mth imprisonment in Satyam fraudRamalinga Raju gets 6-mth imprisonment in Satyam fraud
Huffington Post unveils India edition in association with Times of IndiaHuffington Post unveils India edition in association with Times of India
Cisco pact with ILFS for smart citiesCisco pact with ILFS for smart cities
Airport operators put SpiceJet on cash-and-c...Airports Authority of India
(The DGCA warning came after…)
NEW DELHI: SpiceJet faced trouble on multiple fronts on Monday with the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) issuing another warning, while the airport operators moved to put the carrier on cash-and-carry mode, which means the airline can use the facilities of an airport only upon immediate payment.
The DGCA warning came after it discovered that SpiceJet was not following its order barring the airline from booking advance fares beyond a month. "The airline has been asked to immediately limit advance booking to a month or a show cause notice will be issued on Tuesday," said a government official, who did not want to be identified. The DGCA official explained the aviation regulator, can even consider cancelling the licence of the airline for flouting its instructions.
The airline's website, as of 8 pm on Monday, said that "bookings open till October 24, 2015".
SpiceJet replied to a query on the notice by saying that they will be discussing the matter with the aviation regulator tomorrow. "We have told the DGCA in our response that we would like to discuss that matter, and plan to do so tomorrow post board meeting," said a SpiceJet spokesperson .
Airports Authority of India (AAI) and Mumbai International Airport Ltd (MIAL) for their part said they were going to put the airline in the cash-and-carry category unless it cleared pending bills. AAI has asked the airline to clear dues till December 10, 2014.
"On their request, AAI had agreed to give respite from payments till Wednesday. If the airline fails to make payments, AAI will immediately put the airline on cash-and-carry," said a senior ministry official, who did not want to be dentified.
SpiceJet owes about Rs 200 crore to AAI. On the BSE the airline company's share closed at Rs 15.25 on Monday, down 4.39 per cent. The share experienced an intra-day fall of 14.7 per cent before staging a recovery.
Amidst mounting regulatory challenges the airline's board met in Chennai to discuss capital-raising options. The meeting was on till the time of going to print.
On Friday, DGCA barred SpiceJet from advance bookings beyond a month and withdrew about 100 slots at various airports across the country.
Since July, SpiceJet has been cutting capacity due to financial woes. The airline operated 345 daily flights in July, which has come down to 232 as on December 8.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Essar Group puts land on sale  expects Rs 15...Essar Group puts land on sale, expects Rs 150 crore
Kailash Babar, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.28AM IST
Tags:
Equinox Realty
("The plans to develop the…)
MUMBAI: Essar Group has put its 8-acre land parcel in Thane district on the block and is expecting around Rs 150 crore from the transaction, said two persons familiar with the development. The group had earlier proposed to develop the land parcel into a residential project through its realty company Equinox Realty .
"The plans to develop the plot have now been shelved and the company is looking to monetise this plot," said one of the persons mentioned above.
Last year, the company had tested the market with the same land parcel keeping its options open to join hands with a private equity player as a financial partner. However, given the liquidity crunch in the property market then, the plans didn't work out.
"Equinox Realty, part of Essar, owns an 8 acre plot in Thane. As a commercial organisation, we keep valuing our assets from time to time. However, this does not indicate an intent to enter into a transaction or conclusion of a fixed value," said an Essar spokesperson.
The land parcel situated on Kolshet Road in Balkum area is estimated to have a development potential of around 8 lakh sq ft and the ongoing under-construction property rates are ranging between Rs 8,000 and Rs 8,500 per sq ft. Thane has been witnessing active interest from realty developers for picking up land parcels and the city has seen several benchmark transactions this year. In November, Indiabulls Real Estate emerged as the highest bidder for Voltas' prime 7.2-acre land parcel at Pokharan Road No. 2 in Thane. The realty developer's bid of Rs 236 crore was the highest being paid on per acre basis for a land parcel in Thane. The developer is paying Rs 33 crore per acre under this transaction.
In an earlier deal, Tata Housing Development Company had acquired a 7-acre plot in Thane from KEC International for Rs 212 crore or Rs 30 crore an acre. In April, specialty chemical maker Clariant Chemicals (India) entered into an agreement with developer Lodha Group to sell its 87-acre land parcel in Thane for Rs 1,154.25 crore. After a lull of nearly three years, sale of large land parcels is picking up across the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Marbella-Based RCS Spain s Expansion Continues: Two Projects Closed Prior To Year-End In Cabopino And..Marbella-Based RCS Spain s Expansion Continues: Two Projects Closed Prior To Year-End In Cabopino And..
Home & Aviation ministry lock horns over key postHome & Aviation ministry lock horns over key post
Mother of slain 12-year-old demands charges against policeMother of slain 12-year-old demands charges against police
Govt may lower ONGC s subsidy burden  adjust its cess paymentGovt may lower ONGC s subsidy burden  adjust its cess payment
CCI approves Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy mergerCCI approves Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy merger
http://t.in.com/3mu9Published: Apr 13, 2012 3:31 p.m. ET
Share
Commentary: How the search giant can return to its roots
By
JohnC. Dvorak
BERKELEY, Calif. (MarketWatch) — Larry Page is in the news for his chatter about how Google Inc. is going to simplify and act like a start-up.
We’ve all heard this nonsense before from multi-billion dollar companies. They are suddenly going to act like start-ups.
I wonder about this. Why do companies do this? Why would they want to act like a start-up? Is it romantic? Sentimental? I’ll tell you what it is: foolish.
What company wants to act like a start-up unless they are a start-up?
So how would Google GOOG, -3.58%  actually go about “acting like a start up.?” First, make a lot of dumb decisions and work 16 hours a day trying to correct them. That would be one way. Read “Google stock slips as pricing trend weighs.”
Here’s another: Google needs to also close all the free restaurants they have on campus. Close them. Start-ups don’t have that sort of free food. Maybe some bananas and juices. Employees can bring their own food and store it in a cheap refrigerator. Now you are talking start up. Read “Google gives investors a token dividend.”
Reuters
Google’s Larry Page
Note to Larry: Get rid of the jets you guys now own. What start-up in history has a jet fleet? To act like a start-up you are going to have to dump the jets.
Let’s face it. This whole “act like a start-up” business is insincere rubbish. You cannot act like a start up any way because you are a mature company.
When I hear some chief executive say he wants his company to act like a start-up, what he is really saying is that he thinks that his employees are lazy and they should work more hours. That’s probably the only part of the start-up ethos he is interested in, or he’d sell the jets and close food services.
I suggest to Page and all the other CEOs before him who tried this stunt to simply be honest and say what you mean. If you think a division is not pulling its weight, say so. Find the managers and fire them, or at the very least, lecture them.
I know one problem Google has: weight gain.
There is not one person I have seen go to work for Google who has not put on a lot of pounds from all the free food.
And insofar as free food is concerned, I’m not talking about a few snack rooms or a normal cafeteria where you’d pay some modest fee for a salad and sandwich. I’m talking about multiple massive food courts producing some of the finest corporate food I’ve ever seen — all you can eat every day, for free.
Google preserves cash and control
(4:58)
Google unveiled a 2-for-1 stock split designed to assuage investors while allowing its founders to maintain control over the company. George Stahl reports on Markets Hub. Photo: EPA.
And there are weird amenities. For example all the syrups in all the soda pop stations — brand names — have been specially formulated for Google so there is no high-fructose corn syrup in any of the sodas.
These are food palaces serving every sort of cuisine. All that is missing are carafes of Bordeaux wine served by slave girls.
So let’s get this “act like a start-up” idea off the table and do what needs to be done at Google. What needs to be done is for the company to get people enthused about the outstanding ancillary products. And by this, I do not mean the Google+ Facebook competitor.
I’m referring to its navigation system, for starters. The Google turn-by-turn navigation system combined with its street-level photos has no peer. If this was sold as a stand-alone product to compete with Tom-Tom, Garmin GRMN, -0.06%  and Magellan it would probably ruin those companies overnight.
Why someone doesn’t take this software and put it on a 7-inch tablet? It should be sold as a navigation system, because Google is promoting it poorly.
And the thing can navigate a walking tour, a bicycle route and easily readjust for detours. If you want to take a scenic route, the device is not constantly telling you to take a U-turn. It assumes you, the driver, know what you are doing. Drive five miles off course? No problem.
Google has a lot of initiatives that would be great little stand-alone operations. If Larry Page wants to think start-up, then perhaps he should spin some of these operations off and into their own facilities. Then these divisions would be acting like real start-ups.
But then again, there goes the free food.
More News from MarketWatch

Sony Hack Was  UnparalleledSony Hack Was 'Unparalleled' Crime, Investigator Says
Reuters  |  By                                                                      By Lisa Richwine and Jim Finkle
Posted:
reddit
By Lisa Richwine and Jim Finkle
LOS ANGELES/BOSTON (Reuters) - The forensics experts who Sony Corp hired to investigate the massive cyberattack at its Hollywood studio told the company that the breach was "unprecedented in nature," according to a letter obtained by Reuters.
Kevin Mandia, the top executive at FireEye Inc's Mandiant forensics unit, made the comment in a letter to Michael Lynton, the head of Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE).
Lynton forwarded that message to his employees on Saturday, saying that the note was "helpful in understanding the nature of what we are dealing with."
Mandia, whose forensics firm has probed some of the biggest and most sophisticated cyberattacks known to date, told Lynton in his email that "The scope of this attack differs from any we have responded to in the past, as its purpose was to both destroy property and release confidential information to the public."
He added in the email that "The bottom line is that this was an unparalleled and well planned crime, carried out by an organized group, for which neither SPE nor other companies could have been fully prepared."
(Reporting by Lisa Richwine and Jim Finkle)
More:

The Problem With Vanishing Computer Science ClassesTo Address Tech's Diversity Woes, Start With The Vanishing Comp Sci Classroom
Ars Technica  |  By                                                                      Casey Johnston
Posted:
Updated:
12/06/2014  5:59 pm EST
We should address the vanishing computer science class as a way to address tech's diversity problem. | Christian Science Monitor via Getty Images
reddit
In May 2014 at the all-girls Emma Willard School in upstate New York, nearly a third of the school's 300+ students were preparing for their final Advanced Placement (AP) exams. But exactly three were studying for the AP Computer Science exam—and they weren't doing so on campus. The school (full disclosure: my alma mater) completely eliminated its computer science program in 2009.

Tips for recent retirees to stretch holiday budget0
If time is the new currency, retirees can offer dinners out or even home-cooked meals instead of expensive toys for their grown children, Wechter said. They can write letters to grandchildren telling family stories or suggest gift exchanges or spending limits that focus the giver on creativity rather than shock and awe, she said.
And as for old work friends, do stay in touch and perhaps get together for a few lunches or dinners to keep social connections strong, but there's no need for a catered blowout.
Just don't force sudden change all at once, she cautions.
If (and only if) you can afford it, keeping holiday budgets pretty much the same in the first year of retirement, when you've been hit with so many other dramatic changes, can be comforting for you and the rest of the family.
What must change, though, is the conversation.
With the family gathered together, start talking about your new life in retirement in general, not just during the holidays, Wechter said.
"It's a chance to say, 'We've retired now, there are a lot of changes in our lives, and we want to talk about that,''' she said. "It's a great time to talk about estate planning'' and letting your kids know you've got a handle on your retirement plan so they don't worry about what expenses they may have to cover for you some day, she said.
In that context, talking sensibly about new holiday spending patterns makes sense to everyone.
Ideally, of course, prudent savers wouldn't have set lavish holiday spending patterns during their working years, notes Jeff Yeager, author of "How to Retire the Cheapskate Way."
"The notion that we have to spend less in retirement is only true if we were overspending before," he said.
That's not realistic for everyone, Yeager acknowledges, but either way he echoes the need for family conversations, particularly for extended families that may not have the same traditions.
"If you say something like, 'Can we have a mutual understanding about what's expected?' usually brings a sigh of relief from everyone," he said.
Talking with, or even coordinating with, the other set of grandparents on presents for the little ones, for example, will avoid redundant gifts and, if done right, can lessen the gift-giving arms race, Yeager said.
Finally, if retirement is still a few years away and you tend to overspend at holiday time, Yeager recommends starting these efforts now.
"There's no time like the present to start scaling back, rather than making that first year in retirement a day of reckoning."
Share your journey to or through retirement or pose a question at journey@janetkiddstewart.com .

Fed Shouldn t Be Raising Interest Rates Any Time Soonreddit
A lot has changed in the last 20 years since then-Federal Reserve Vice-Chairman Alan Blinder had the audacity to suggest, in a speech, that the Fed could use interest-rate policy to help reduce unemployment in the short term. It was real blasphemy back then, and despite the fact that the Fed had by law a dual mandate to maintain both "price stability" and full employment, his remarks ignited a firestorm of controversy .
Now, thanks to the Great Recession, and Ben Bernanke's willingness to use zero interest rates and venture into uncharted territory with quantitative easing, the "dual mandate" is widely accepted.  Both Bernanke and current Fed Chair Janet Yellen also spoke out in favor using fiscal policy (i.e. deficit spending) to increase employment, something that U.S. Fed chairs didn't say in the past.  In a recent speech , Yellen noted that "the lack of fiscal support for demand in recent years also helps account for the weakness of this recovery compared with past recoveries."
These are important institutional advances, even if other branches of government -- most importantly the Congress -- are not smart enough to take advantage of free money to create some of the millions of jobs that are so desperately needed. But today's Fed could still be a threat to full employment if it proceeds too early with the "normalization" of interest rates that even Ms. Yellen is talking about.  And everyone is talking about some time next year, and that is too early.
To "normalize" interest rates -- i.e.,begin to raise short-term rates -- we would want to see at the very least a "normalized" labor market.  Unemployment at 5.8 percent might look like it is getting somewhat close to "normal" but other statistics show that it is not. We can look at the percentage of prime-age workers (25-54 years old) who are working, and it has not recovered even half of its loss since the peak before the Great Recession.  Since these are prime-age workers, this cannot be attributed to demographics; it is due to people dropping out of the labor force and therefore not being counted as unemployed.
As my colleague Dean Baker has pointed out , it would take another 7-8 million jobs to get us back to pre-recession levels of employment.  Another measure of the economy's current weakness is lost output: The Congressional Budget Office estimates that we are 4 percentage points below our potential GDP, or about $2,000 per person lost.
The percentage of long-term unemployed (out of work for at least 6 months) is also still highly elevated at about twice its pre-recession level; and these people can become permanently unemployed if they are without work for too long.  African-Americans have about twice the unemployment rate as do white workers. And then there are wages , which have barely risen more than inflation in more than 5 years of recovery.
Some analysts think that the Fed should hold off on raising interest rates, but only until real (inflation-adjusted) wages begin to rise. But this would only perpetuate the intolerable increase in inequality that the majority of this country has suffered for more than three decades. Wages can safely rise faster than inflation not only because productivity (output per worker) increases annually, but also because profits are extraordinarily high. There is a lot of catching up to do, and the Fed shouldn't cut it off early.
With inflation still running at 1.7 percent and downside risks such as the slowing world economy, there's no excuse for the Fed to be throwing people out of work by raising interest rates. Let's hope that public pressure and an improved debate over Fed policy can keep this country moving toward full employment.
This article was distributed by McClatchy Tribune Information Services on December 4, 2014, and published by the Austin American Statesman and other newspapers.
More:

Former police officers have different takes on policingBy Radley Balko December 8 Follow @radleybalko
The ongoing public discussion about the state of American policing has inspired a number of op-eds from former cops. First up, a former officer with the police department in St. Louis recently wrote about his experience for The Washington Post :
One of my father’s closest friends was a cop. He became a mentor to me and encouraged me to join the force. He told me that I could use the police’s power and resources to help my community.
So in 1994, I joined the St. Louis Police Department. I quickly realized how naive I’d been. I was floored by the dysfunctional culture I encountered.
I won’t say all, but many of my peers were deeply racist.
One example: A couple of officers ran a Web site called St. Louis Coptalk, where officers could post about their experience and opinions. At some point during my career, it became so full of racist rants that the site administrator temporarily shut it down. Cops routinely called anyone of color a “thug,” whether they were the victim or just a bystander.
This attitude corrodes the way policing is done.
As a cop, it shouldn’t surprise you that people will curse at you, or be disappointed by your arrival. That’s part of the job. But too many times, officers saw young black and brown men as targets. They would respond with force to even minor offenses. And because cops are rarely held accountable for their actions, they didn’t think too hard about the consequences . . .
I felt like I couldn’t do the work I set out to do. I was participating in a profoundly corrupt criminal justice system. I could not, in good conscience, participate in a system that was so intentionally unfair and racist. So after five years on the job, I quit.
Next, from the famed law enforcement whistleblower Frank Serpico, in the New York Daily News :
Was I surprised by the Staten Island grand jury? Of course not. When was the last time a police officer was indicted?
This is the use of excessive force for no apparent reason on a guy  who is selling loosie cigarettes ; what is the threat to your well-being? If a police officer’s life is in danger, he has every right to use every force in his means to defend himself.
In the old days, they used to put a gun or a knife on somebody after a shooting. Now they don’t even bother.
But today, we have cops crying wolf all the time. They testify “I was in fear of my life,” the grand jury buys it, the DA winks and nods, and there’s no indictment . . .
I hear cops saying all the time — and they’re proud of it — “shoot first, ask questions later.”
They say, “It’s my job to get home safe.” Yes, but not at the cost of a human being  who never posed a threat to you in the first place  . . .
The people want justice, and they need justice. And the police are supposed to be protecting their civil rights
Why would a kid in the inner city call a cop? When I was growing up, my mother would say “Any problem, call a cop.” He would show up and assess the problem, and you wouldn’t become the victim.
I want to be clear. I’m not talking about all police. There are plenty of good police, and I hear from them on a daily basis.
Finally, from the other side, here’s a retired Utah cop, writing in the Salt Lake Tribune.
This hue and cry over police militarization and officer-involved shootings is detrimental to our society. The finger should not be pointed at law enforcement. It should be pointed at our society as a whole. There is an ‘R’ rated You Tube video from Chris Rock that is many years old. He titled this video, “How not to get your a– kicked by the police!” The very first item on his list is obey the law! Failure to obey the law puts you at risk of law enforcement intervention. Do not argue with society’s (not law enforcement’s) laws. If you disagree, there are many avenues after the situation stabilizes to address any concerns.
For more than 20 years I have hosted training not only for the officers on my department but for officers around the state on an annual basis. This training brings in local law enforcement officers who have been in shootings, been stabbed, injured or taken a life. They speak to officers about how it affects them, their family, their marriage, their work. I have brought in their spouses to speak about how it affected them and their children. (One officer’s child was told by a classmate that his dad was a murderer.) Never in all the years of this training have these officers been anything but hopeful that their story may help another officer from going through what they went through.
Any use of force is reported to that officer’s agency (most agencies follow this procedure) via police reports. Each use of force is reviewed by supervisors to ensure department policy and state law was followed. Annually our use of force reports are reviewed to see if there is a spike in any one form of force used. If so, increased training in that area is scheduled for our department . . .
So are 45 deaths at the hands of police [in Utah] a cause for alarm? Yes. It is a wake-up call for society.
As I pointed out in a piece for The Post’s Outlook section over the weekend, the problem isn’t that cops don’t get training in how to use force. It’s that the training doesn’t put enough emphasis on deescalation and conflict resolution. Blaming society also doesn’t account for the fact that as society in general is getting safer , the police are getting more violent.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

MDMKs exit sets NDA thinkingUpdated: December 9, 2014 05:00 IST
MDMK’s exit sets NDA thinking
Sruthisagar Yamunan
A file photo of Narendra Modi with MDMK chief Vaiko
TOPICS
state politics
Wants Dravidian outfits to close in to counter Hindutva
In a clear sign of the disintegration of the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) in Tamil Nadu, the Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (MDMK) on Monday walked out of the alliance, accusing the Centre of working against the interest of Tamils and imposing the Hindutva ideology.
In doing so, MDMK leader Vaiko also significantly suggested that the Dravidian forces should come together, even if not electorally, to fight the “sanskritisation” of cultural and social spheres.
“I can say categorically that Hindutva will not be allowed to gain a foothold in Tamil Nadu,” he said. The MDMK’s decision to again part ways with the BJP (it had done so before the 2004 Lok Sabha polls) came at a high-level meeting of the party’s district secretaries and political affairs committee here. Mr. Vaiko moved a resolution crystallising the party’s position on why it chose to leave the NDA.
In the meantime, PMK founder S. Ramadoss, another ally of the BJP, also came out against the remarks of External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj that “Bhagavad Gita be declared the national scripture.”
In a stinger, he said Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led government had hardly come out with any constructive programmes in the last six months apart from cultural imposition.
Launching a scathing attack on the Modi government on the Tamils issue, Mr. Vaiko said it was unpardonable that Mr. Modi wished Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa success in the coming Presidential elections. “Do you want to see the man who committed genocide of Tamils back in power? Will he [Mr. Modi] say the same thing if this [person] was someone who killed Gujaratis living outside India?.”
‘Will not affect BJP’
Meanwhile, BJP State president Tamilisai Soundararajan, said the exit of the MDMK would have no effect on the BJP’s growing presence in Tamil Nadu.

http://usat.ly/1wUa3sWStocks tumble as oil prices plunge 4%
U.S. stocks are sluggish Monday as the Dow remains within striking distance of the never-achieved 18,000 level.
Post to Facebook
Stocks tumble as oil prices plunge 4% U.S. stocks are sluggish Monday as the Dow remains within striking distance of the never-achieved 18,000 level. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8oMhx
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks tumble as oil prices plunge 4%
Jane Onyanga-Omara , USA TODAY 4:17 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
Brent crude oil has fallen almost $2 a barrel hitting a new five-year low.  As Sonia Legg reports the slump followed predictions that oversupply will keep building until next year after OPEC decided not to cut output. Video provided by Reuters Newslook
A trader on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
66 CONNECT 118 TWEET LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
U.S. stocks fell Monday as the Dow tumbled more than 100 points and pulled back from the never-achieved 18,000 milestone.
The energy sector led the market lower as oil prices continued to decline with benchmark U.S. crude dropping more than 4% to $63.05 a barrel in New York. More evidence of slower growth in Asia raised concerns about demand due to weak Chinese trade data and news that Japan's recession is deeper than initially thought.
The Dow Jones industrial average tumbled 106.31 points, or 0.6%, to 17,852.48. Energy companies Chevron (CVX) and ExxonMobil (XOM) were two of the biggest decliners in the blue-chip index. Chevron dropped 3.8% to $106.70 and ExxonMobil fell 2.3% to $91.69.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 15.06 points, or 0.7%, to 2060.31. The Nasdaq composite index tumbled 40.06, or 0.8%, to 4740.69.
In corporate news:
• Shares of Cubist Pharmaceuticals ( CBST ) soared 35% to $100.66 after Merck ( MRK ) announced it's buying the Cambridge, Mass., drugmaker for $102 per share. Merck was up 0.6% to $61.88.
• Problems at McDonald's continue d, as the world's largest hamburger chain reported a 4.6% drop in November sales at U.S. stores from the same month last year. MCD shares fell 3.8% to $92.62.
Investors NOT lovin' it: McDonald's $MCD same-store sales in U.S. for November tumble 4.6% from a year ago http://t.co/NIsB1LxthC
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) December 8, 2014
Overseas, European stocks also fell as Britain's FTSE dropped 1.1% to 6672.15 and Germany's DAX index dropped 0.7% to 10,014.99.
In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 index gained 0.1% to 17,935.64 and Kong's Hang Seng index rose 0.2% to 24,047.67. The Shanghai composite jumped 2.8% to 3020.26.
Chinese stocks surged after disappointing exports raised investor hopes of more stimulus.
Contributing: Associated Press.

http://usat.ly/1w69nPzFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
McDonald's same-store sales get fried
Same-store sales at McDonald's locations in the U.S. fell 4.6% in November, amid a growing demand by younger customers for more choices. Globally, sales fell 2.2%, vs. 1.7% expected by company analysts.
Post to Facebook
McDonald's same-store sales get fried Same-store sales at McDonald's locations in the U.S. fell 4.6% in November, amid a growing demand by younger customers for more choices. Globally, sales fell 2.2%, vs. 1.7% expected by company analysts. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CZhYbX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
McDonald's same-store sales get fried
Bruce Horovitz and John Waggoner, USA TODAY 6:25 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
Video Keywords Asian tour gas prices consumers' minds traffic growth mad cow disease morningstar's Russia Obama
McDonald's reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November- and warned of troubles in the current quarter. Bobbi Rebell reports. Video provided by Reuters Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  Burger Obama and a medic that you're at McDonald's healing
00:05  their sales numbers last month. They had their biggest stock and
00:08  almost fifteen years that went mad cow disease at consumers shouldn't
00:12  be. Meat supplier issues the Chinese meat supplier was accused of
00:16  selling expired meet that drove down sales. And fourth aspirin plays
00:20  its menu is anything but now that about a twenty items
00:23  on. And worst of all things have been heading out that
00:27  he needs for a couple of years now management is hot
00:30  Asian tour at least at this point as morningstar's RJ how
00:33  to be. Coming at a time a lot of the other
00:35  restaurant chains posted a positive traffic growth seen the benefits of
00:38  lower gas prices. It assures me that that this brand is
00:41  really struggling to resonate with consumers. Whether it be product offerings
00:45  that resonate on the dollar menu whether it be cater to
00:48  more millennial. Higher and audience. To struggle of the people the
00:53  doors right now. McDonald's also warned margins are under pressure in
00:57  the current quarter in part because of the Robert dollar. Adding
01:00  to the pain international drama for example in Russian subs restaurants
01:04  have been checked out possible payback for US sanctions against Russia.
01:09  The game plan for it come back simplified menu about making
01:12  it more customizable. Kind of like rival okay. Management track record
01:17  for execution last couple years in terms of menu innovation marketing
01:21  hasn't been stellar. Had to put it bluntly. I think that's
01:24  the biggest hurdle the company has right now as sex case
01:27  something major like this. You know I'm a big initiatives something
01:29  customization. Yeah that's great I think consumers' minds that you should
01:32  something that can drug trafficking create site with a brand. But
01:35  the company fails attacks Udonis has missteps with the with rolling
01:39  it out to its stores in that can also have the
01:41  opposite effect we turn off people the brand. And that is
01:44  reflected in McDonald's shares the stock has really done nothing this
01:48  year. And was down on Monday's news.
McDonald's Big Mac sandwich
113 CONNECT 114 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
McDonald's (MCD) took another hard one on the chin. Shares tumbled nearly 4% Monday to $92.61 after the fast-food giant posted its biggest domestic same-store sales drop in more than a decade.
Sales at U.S. stores open at least 13 months fell 4.6% in November, the company, greater than the 1.7% slide analysts expected. Globally, sales fell 2.2%, with a 4% drop in the Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa regions. In Europe, the comp-store sales were down 2%, which McDonald's attributed to "very weak" results in Russia and negative results in France and Germany.
The bad news comes after the fast-food giant announced Sunday in an exclusive USA TODAY report that it plans to widely expand its customized burger program in the USA, in which consumers can order a personalized burger from a special kiosk tablet. The program, which had been in four locations in Southern California, will expand to 30 more locations in five states this year and to 2,000 locations nationally next year, the company said.
McDonald's expands custom sandwich option
McDonald's faces a number of near-term headaches as CEO Don Thompson remains under intense pressure to right the ship.  Most critical:  younger customers attracted to the better-for-you, customized kinds of offerings from rivals such as Chipotle and Panera.
"The overall picture is looking like it doesn't need incremental tweaking of the kind offered by the current CEO, but rather something approaching a revamp," said Ken Odeluga, a senior market analyst at City Index.
As the USA experiences a "sea change" in fast-food consumption, McDonald's is lagging, Odeluga said.
Thompson conceded in a Monday statement that McDonald's may be behind that curve, but noted the chain is pushing hard to catch up. "Today's consumers increasingly demand more choice, convenience and value," he said. "We are working ... to better deliver against these evolving expectations."
Analysts expressed serious concern
"While changes are in the works, we cannot identify a near-term catalyst to spur sales," said Lynne Collier, analyst at Sterne Agee.
One such catalyst could be the personalized burger option McDonald's plans to aggressively expand next year. But the custom-made burgers will take longer to make and cost more.  Because they can take five to seven minutes to make, the custom burgers  are not practical in the drive-thru, where many McDonald's do up to 70% of their business.
This year, McDonald's pledged to simplify its menu, removing items that aren't selling well and allowing the company's 21 regions to roll out products more popular in their area.
113 CONNECT 114 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CZhYbX
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Living with scarecrows in a ghost townNAGORO (Japan), December 9, 2014
Updated: December 9, 2014 04:52 IST
Living with scarecrows in a ghost town
AP
Tsukimi Ayano stitches a scarecrow girl at her home in Nagoro, Japan.
TOPICS
Japan
This village deep in the rugged mountains of southern Japan once was home to hundreds of families. Now, only 35 people remain, outnumbered three-to-one by scarecrows that seamstress Tsukimi Ayano crafted to help fill the days and replace neighbours who died or moved away.
At 65, Ms. Ayano is one of the younger residents of Nagoro. She moved back from Osaka to look after her 85-year-old father after decades away.
“They bring back memories,” Ms. Ayano said of the life-sized dolls crowded into corners of her farmhouse home, perched on fences and trees, huddled side-by-side at a produce stall, the bus stop, anywhere a living person might stop to take a rest.
“That old lady used to come and chat and drink tea. That old man used to love to drink sake and tell stories. It reminds me of the old times, when they were still alive and well,” she said.
Dwindling population
Even more than its fading status as an export superpower, Japan’s dwindling population may be its biggest challenge. More than 10,000 towns and villages in Japan are depopulated, the homes and infrastructure crumbling as the countryside empties thanks to the falling birthrate and rapid aging.
Neither Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s ruling Liberal Democratic Party nor any of its rivals have figured out how to “revive localities,” an urgent issue that has perplexed Japanese leaders for decades.
But some communities are trying out various strategies for attracting younger residents, slowing if not reversing their decline. In Kamiyama, another farming community closer to the regional capital of Tokushima, community organisers have mapped out a strategy for attracting artists and high-tech companies.
Nagoro is more typical of the thousands of communities that are turning into ghost towns or at best, open-air museums, frozen in time a trend evident even in downtown Tokyo and in nearly or completely empty villages in the city’s suburbs.

DoT to delay release of spectrum sharing gui...You are here: Home > Collections
Telecom department to delay release of spectrum sharing guidelines
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.42AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(The two developments combined…)
NEW DELHI: The telecom department (DoT) is considering a delay in the release of rules on sharing and trading of spectrum until after the upcoming auctions, a development that comes on a day the highest decision-making body of the department couldn't decide on the starting prices for 2G airwaves that will be put up for sale in February.
"A section of the DoT feels that releasing the guidelines right before the auctions would depress bidding. It might be a better option to release the guidelines immediately after the auctions are over," a senior government official told ET.
The two developments combined would dampen the spirits of telecom operators hoping for an early decision by the Telecom Commission on the pricing of airwaves in the 800 MHz, 900 MHz and 1800 MHz bands. Operators were also gearing up to enter the auctions based on the knowledge of other ways to augment their bandwidth capacity, with sharing of airwaves as well as buying idle capacity from rivals being the two main options.
Operators and analysts say lack of adequate bandwidth is among the biggest issues plaguing the sector's prospects, especially as growth of data services - which needs more airwaves - surges. The Prime Minister's Office, in fact, is believed to have called a meeting of the secretaries of both the telecom and the defence ministries shortly to sort out issues related to allotment of bandwidth, a second person familiar with the matter told ET.
Both the departments have been involved in hectic talks that could lead to the defence releasing 3G spectrum in its possession for commercial use in return for 2G airwaves held by telecom. ET recently reported that the two ministries had made a partial breakthrough in their talks on 3G spectrum, with the latter agreeing to free up 5 MHz of high-speed bandwidth for commercial use in 17 of India's 22 circles, enough to accommodate one more telecom operator in those regions.
However, talks on the swap - under which defence could release enough spectrum to accommodate three more carriers (15 MHz) - are yet to be resolved. The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) had in October suggested Rs 2,138 crore per MHz as the starting price for spectrum in the 1,800 MHz band across India andRs 3,004 crore per MHz across 18 circles for 900 MHz, a premium band given the higher efficiencies. For 800 MHz, which is typically used by CDMA operators, the sector watchdog suggested a base price of Rs 3,104 crore per unit.
Trai is in the process of announcing its pricing proposals on 3G spectrum (2100 MHz band). Sharing and trading are also crucial elements in the efforts by key operators such as Bharti Airtel , Vodafone India and Idea Cellular to add to their bandwidth pool, without taking part in expensive auctions, while offering smaller operators such as Tata Teleservices a way to monetize their holding, and even exit the sector.
For consumers, this could mean better quality of voice services -fewer calls dropping - and faster data speeds, and could even translate into lower tariffs as operators' capital expenditure is likely to fall. The telecom regulator in its recommendations in July proposed allowing two telcos to share any category of similar spectrum in a circle, including airwaves allotted at administrative prices. It further liberalised the cap on bandwidth that can be pooled by the two spectrum holders.
Trai recommended that airwaves in all bands — be it 2G, 3G, 4G — will be sharable but both operators must have that spectrum in the same band. For instance, for two operators to share airwaves in the 900 MHz band, both must have airwaves in the same band. It has not allowed leasing of airwaves. On trading, Trai had in January recommended allowing outright transfer of spectrum by telecom companies to other operators across all bands of airwaves, as long as they were bought through auctions in 2010 or later.
As of now, only the government is allowed to allocate spectrum to telecom firms through auctions. Trai has recommended a lock-in period of two years on spectrum that a company acquires through auction or trading before it can trade in this further. The operators have been waiting for the final decision of the telecom department (read Telecom Commission) on trading and sharing of the airwaves.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bankers to SpiceJet not worried about due loansBankers to SpiceJet not worried about outstanding loans
Anita Bhoir & Atmadip Ray, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.39AM IST
Tags:
City Union Bank
(Allahabad Bank, Citibank,…)
MUMBAI|KOLKATA: Banks with exposure of more than Rs 1,500 crore to SpiceJet met with the senior management of the budget carrier last week to discuss the company's financial situation. The Kalanithi Maran-promoted airline has been facing rough weather following a liquidity crunch, but the lenders said they aren't currently worried about the outstanding loans.
Allahabad Bank, Citibank, City Union Bank , HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank , State Bank of India and YES Bank are the bankers to the airline company, according SpiceJet's latest annual report.
To secure their exposure, the banks have discussed the option of calling for additional share from promoters. However, for now the banks have not exercised that option.
"We have met the senior management of the company and we are not worried of our exposure," said N Kamakodi, managing director and chief executive of City Union Bank. The bank has an outstanding loan of Rs 200 crore. "Our loan is secured by immobile collateral, deposits and margins," said Kamakodi.
After reviewing the financial and operational parameters of the carrier, Director General of Civil Aviation Prabhat Kumar issued a series of instructions to SpiceJet and also directed to clear arrears of about Rs 1,600 crore to various vendors and suppliers and to file a "convincing schedule" by December 15.
"We are not much concerned over SpiceJet as 43 per cent of the loan is covered by collateral security and we hold some shares as well," said Executive Director JK Singh Kharb of Allahabad Bank, which has an exposure of Rs 211 crore. SBI currently has no loans outstanding to SpiceJet, said P Pradeep Kumar, managing director of corporate banking at SBI.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ulaibettu: police lathi-charge stone-pelting protestersSix persons were injured in stone-pelting during a protest called by the Sangh Parivar on Monday.
Five policemen, protesters injured
While the road leading to Ulaibettu remained deserted, the protest called by the Sangh Parivar to condemn Friday’s group clash led to protesters resorting to stone-pelting. This led to the police lathi-charging them on Monday. In the melee, five policemen and a few protesters were injured.
The Bajrang Dal, Vishwa Hindu Parishad and other affiliated organisations had called for a bandh on Monday against the alleged attack on a group proceeding to Bababudangiri in Chikkamagaluru on Friday night that led to group clashes in Ulaibettu on the outskirts of Mangaluru. Police issued prohibitory orders on movement of people in groups in Ulaibettu and neighbouring Parari area from Monday morning.
A large number of protesters, led by Rajashekarananda Swami from the Vajradehi Math, came in a procession from Vamanjoor around 11 a.m.
The police stopped them from entering the road leading to Ulaibettu. In protest, they began throwing stones at a hoarding of Mangaluru City North MLA Mohiuddin Bava. Some stones were thrown at a bus ferrying policemen, and some of them were injured. The police caned the protesters, who finally dispersed. Nearly 60 protesters were taken into custody.
Business establishments and educational institutions in Ulaibettu, Parari, Vamanjoor and Gurupura remained closed.
The Karnataka State Reserve Police and District Armed Reserve were posted at different spots. Buses did not ply between the city and Moodbidri through Vamanjoor.
Two stabbed
Mohammed Sharief (45), from Kunjatbail, was reportedly stabbed by two persons who had come to his chicken stall. In his complaint to the police, Mr. Sharief said the attack was a result of the Ulaibettu clash on Friday night.Scrap dealer Syed Wasim (40), was attacked near a lodge in Bunder on Sunday night. However, Mr. Hithendra said investigations have not revealed any link with the group clash in Ulaibettu.

Apple Trial Continues  Without a Plaintiff for NowIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

UAE s money exchange industry faces shake outPrice
Change
DUBAI (Reuters) - Some money exchange firms in the United Arab Emirates may have to merge and others could be forced to close as they struggle with rising capital and compliance costs and some banks refuse to do business with them, the head of an industry body said.
The UAE's majority expatriate population transferred a net 66 billion dirhams ($18 billion) abroad in 2013, according to central bank data, much of it through the estimated 120 exchange firms in the region's main financial hub.
But this year the industry has battled multiple headwinds. Money exchanges remitting money abroad were given two years from January to meet a new minimum capital requirement of 5 million dirhams imposed by the central bank, posing a challenge for  smaller players.
Exchange houses are also increasingly expected to exercise greater scrutiny on their customers and the money they handle in a region considered a high risk for terror financing and money laundering.
In May 2013, the U.S. treasury department prohibited dealings with Al Hilal Exchange for aiding Iranian attempts to circumvent international sanctions against Iran.
Complying with capital and compliance regulations has added between 20 to 40 per cent to industry costs this year, said Osama al-Rahma, chairman of the Foreign Exchange & Remittance Group UAE.
"This is why I'm expecting some [firms] won't be able to meet such huge operational costs, especially if you add this along with inflation and cost of doing business," he said. "You might see consolidation and you might see exits."
Some banks were also refusing to deal with exchange firms, he said. This has made it tricky for them to access banking services they need to operate, such as obtaining U.S. dollars.
"International banks have started pressurising local banks to do the same. The main issue behind it is de-risking," said Rahma, who is also CEO at Al Fardan Exchange.
Many international banks have sought to cut risks in the region after several lenders, including BNP Paribas and HSBC, were found to have broken U.S. sanctions against Iran in recent years.
Standard Chartered in October told thousands of small and medium-sized business customers in the UAE it was closing their accounts in response to pressure from U.S. authorities over anti-money laundering concerns.
($1 = 3.6725 United Arab Emirates dirham)
(Reporting by Tom Arnold; Editing by David French and Raissa Kasolowsky)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Dead Orca Was Pregnant With Full-Term FetusIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Robert Vadra may lose no-frisking privilege at airportsRobert Vadra may lose no-frisking privilege at airports
PM Narendra Modi wins TIME readers  poll for  Person of the Year  titleYou are here: Home > Collections
Prime Minister Narendra Modi wins TIME readers' poll for 'Person of the Year' title
PTI Dec 9, 2014, 02.07AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba Group
(Modi has been named winner…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who did not make it to the final eight selected by TIME for the annual 'Person of the Year' title, has been hailed as one by its readers in an online poll conducted by the publication.
Modi has been named winner of this year's readers' poll for TIME 'Person of the Year', securing more than 16 per cent of the almost five million votes cast.
Protesters in Ferguson, who were demonstrating against a grand jury's decision not to indict white police officer Darren Wilson who shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in August ranked second with 9 per cent of the votes.
TIME said "a strong showing of readers from India" helped drive Modi's first-place finish.
"More people from the country voted than from any other country, with the exception of the United States," it said.
Readers from more than 225 countries participated in the online poll, with US votes leading the tally at 37 per cent, followed by India at 17 per cent, and Russia at 12 per cent.
TIME said Modi became Prime Minister in May after securing a landslide victory on a "platform of rebooting India's stalling economy."
"But his detractors have questioned his past record," it added.
Hong Kong protest leader Joshua Wong, Nobel Peace Prize-winner Malala Yousafzai and the doctors and nurses treating Ebola rounded out the top five.
A majority of votes, 60 per cent, came from desktop computers. Just over 35 per cent came from mobile devices, and 4.5 per cent of readers voted on tablets.
Modi, who "entered office this year on the promise of reviving the country's economy", however has not made it to the list of eight finalists shortlisted by TIME editors for the 2014 Person of the Year title, which will be announced on Wednesday.
Names of the eight finalists were announced by TIME editor Nancy Gibbs today.
Making it to the final eight are founder and CEO of the Alibaba Group Jack Ma , Apple CEO Tim Cook , pop star Taylor Swift, Ferguson protestors, Russian President Vladimir Putin , Ebola caregivers, National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell and President of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq Masoud Barzani.
The annual honour, that has been bestowed by the magazine since 1927, goes to the person who "most influenced the news" during the year "for better or worse."
Modi was among the 50 global leaders, business chiefs and pop icons named as contenders for the annual honour.
In a separate "Face-off" poll, Modi had been pitted against Indonesia's new president Joko Widodo. In this poll also, Modi maintained a significant lead and garnered 69 per cent votes in his favor as against Widodo's 31 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian Industries to consider Ecuador for great investment opportunitiesIndian Industries to consider Ecuador for great investment opportunities
Banned in Delhi  facing national shutdown  Uber blamessystemWritten by Mayura Janwalkar , Ananya Bhardwaj | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:07 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 3:38 pm
Following the alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman executive in a cab booked through Uber on Friday night, the Delhi government on Monday banned the company from operating in the city. A case of cheating, under Section 420 of the IPC, has also been registered against Uber.
The ban came just hours after Uber’s San Francisco-based CEO Travis Kalanick issued a statement stating that the company would “work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programmes”.
Later in the evening, the transport department also banned other private radio taxi services — barring the six registered under the Delhi government’s Economy Radio Taxi Scheme — from operating in the city. The six radio taxi services that are registered are Easy Cabs, Mega Cabs, Meru, Chanson, Yo Cabs and Air Cabs.
“All other transport/ taxi service providers through web-based technology, who are not recognised, are prohibited from providing such services in the NCT of Delhi till they get licence/ permission from the transport department,” said a statement issued by S Roy Biswas, Deputy Commissioner (Transport).
Banned in Delhi, facing national shutdown, Uber blames system operating in Delhi include Ola Cabs, Taxi for Sure and TaxiPixi.
Sources said the Union Ministry of Home Affairs is considering issuing an advisory to all states to ban cab-booking services like Uber.
Meanwhile, the accused driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, who was arrested from Mathura on Sunday, was sent to three-day police custody by a Delhi court on Monday.
The government said Uber was carrying out its business in contravention of the Motor Vehicle (MV) Act, 1988. The company’s regional manager, NCR, Gagan Bhatia, who was questioned by the police, reportedly admitted that they did not conduct any background checks or police verification of the drivers.
“He told us that they do not do any background checks for their drivers. They only rely on the documents submitted by the drivers to the company. They said that they do not even verify their addresses but rely on the addresses on which their bank accounts have been opened. They never check the authenticity of their addresses,” said DCP, North, Madhur Verma.
Bhatia reportedly told the police that they provide their drivers with an iPhone 4s which has an Uber application that cannot be deleted. However, if the phone is switched off, the GPS also gets switched off. “He admitted that their cars do not have GPS systems and the GPS only works through their phones. If the phone is off, so is the GPS. There is no way to track the vehicle then. We have registered a case of cheating against them and investigations are on,” said Verma.
Bhatia also reportedly told the police that Uber is not a radio taxi service but an “aggregator” of cabs.
Announcing the ban on Uber earlier in the day, the transport department said that taking into account the “horrific crime committed by continued…

Uber Banned In New DelhiUber Banned From Operating In New Delhi After Alleged Rape By Driver
Reuters  |  By                                                                      Malini Menon
reddit
By Malini Menon
NEW DELHI, Dec 8 (Reuters) - U.S. online ride-hailing service Uber has been banned from operating in the Indian capital after a female passenger accused one of its drivers of rape, a case that has reignited a debate about the safety of women in the South Asian nation.
Uber, which had employed the driver even though he had been arrested on allegations of sexual assault three years ago, would be blacklisted from providing any future services in the New Delhi area, the city's transport department said in a statement.
The attack is the latest to draw attention to the dangers faced by women in the world's second-most populous nation. Even after the enactment of new laws imposing stricter penalties and establishing fast-track courts, India is struggling to tame attitudes that leave women vulnerable to harassment and rape.
"Keeping in view the violation and the horrific crime committed by the driver, the transport department has banned all activities relating to providing any transport service by the www.Uber.com," special commissioner Kuldeep Singh Gangar said.
A spokeswoman for Uber said she could not immediately comment.
The arrested driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, appeared in court on Monday and was remanded in custody for three days. He was arrested on charges of raping a woman three years ago but was later acquitted, police said.
Indian police said they were considering legal action against the taxi service for failing to run background checks on the driver. The company said there were no defined rules in India on background checks for commercial transport licenses and it was working with the government to address the issue.
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific," Travis Kalanick, Uber's chief executive officer, said in a statement before the ban. "We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice."
Police said the 32-year-old driver dropped the woman home after attacking her and warned her not to inform the authorities. She managed to note the driver's number and take a photograph of his car, they said.
The sexual assault happened two years after the fatal gang rape of another young woman taking public transport in New Delhi. That case led to nationwide protests and forced the government to address demands for heavier sentences for rape.
NIGHT TIME DANGER
India is the fourth-most dangerous place for a woman to take public transport, according to a poll published in October by the Thomson Reuters Foundation. It was ranked second-worst on safety at night and for verbal harassment.
On average, 40 cases of crimes against women are registered daily by Delhi police. This included at least four cases of rape every day, the Minister of State for Home Affairs Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary told parliament last week.
Monica Kumar, a clinical psychologist who heads the Delhi-based Manas Foundation, said many taxi drivers were migrants from less-developed areas where patriarchal attitudes remain prevalent and were not accustomed to seeing women out alone late at night or dressed differently.
"The conversations about the changing scenario in cities like Delhi where women are becoming more empowered are just not happening," said Kumar, which runs gender-sensitisation classes for rickshaw drivers.
The criticism of Uber comes at a time when the company has faced critical news coverage over its driver screening in the United States, and has apologized for comments by an executive who suggested "digging up dirt" on journalists investigating the firm.
That has not stopped the San Francisco-based firm from raising investment that values it at $40 billion, reflecting the perceived potential of its expansion into high-growth markets like India. (Additional reporting by Nita Bhalla; Writing By Andrew MacAskill; Editing by Sanjeev Miglani and Nick Macfie)
More:

Oil PSUs sell 5-kg LPG cylinder at Rs 150/kgBharat Petroleum
(According to the government’s…)
NEW DELHI: State oil marketing companies are quietly selling mini cooking gas cylinders of 5-kg across the country at subsidized rates of about Rs 150 each to over 2.75 lakh consumers. These cylinders are also sold in select petrol pumps at market price of about Rs 350 per unit.
"Public sector oil marketing companies have reported that they are already marketing 5-kg cylinders at subsidized rate. Up to 34 cylinders of 5-kg capacity are given at subsidized rate to a customer in a year and consumption beyond 34 cylinders in a year is at non-subsidized rate," Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan told parliament on Monday.
Pradhan earlier told that the government was working an efficient and pro-poor subsidy regime where a customer would get cooking gas subsidy on per kilogram basis without losing his current entitlement, which is equivalent to 12 subsidised cylinders in a year.
According to the government's policy, in a year a customer is entitled to consume 12 LPG cylinders of 14.2-kg each at subsidized rate. "This would certainly help the poor to purchase LPG as per his actual requirement. At present a consumer is forced to purchase 14.2-kg cylinder at a time and pay more than Rs 400. This is a huge sum for the poor to pay at one go. Instead, he pays one-third the cost and get a 5-kg cylinder without losing his entitlement of total 170.4 kg of subsidized LPG in a year," he said.
Oil ministry and industry officials said the move will also check diversion of subsidized cylinders for commercial use. "5-kg cylinders can't be used in taxis, restaurants or catering units. But, at least 25% 14.2-kg cylinders are diverted for commercial usage because of price advantage," an industry executive said. Market price of a 14.2-kg cylinder in New Delhi is Rs 752, which is sold at a subsidized rate of Rs 417 for the domestic use.
Oil ministry officials said there is a difference in subsidy entitlement for consumers of 5-kg LPG cylinders. "Only registered consumers get subsidy on the small cylinder, while un-registered customers can purchase these cylinders from petrol pumps without much paper-works by paying market rates," one official said.
"Small 5-kg cylinders are popular in far-flung areas, villages and small towns. In Delhi, people want LPG in bulk to avoid booking it in small intervals. So, we do not sale such cylinders in Delhi," an Indian Oil Corp executive said requesting anonymity. Only one Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd outlet in Delhi sells subsidized mini cooking gas cylinder. The largest number of such customers are in Jharkhand , followed by Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Huffington Post Goes Live in IndiaThe Huffington Post Goes Live in India
Australia elect to bat against India in first TestAustralia elect to bat against India in first Test
Rajya Sabha Panel set to give all-clear to insurance BillRajya Sabha Panel set to give all-clear to insurance Bill
Britain is the America of the EU'Britain is the America of the EU'
London Mayor Boris Johnson on why people invest in London and the issue of immigration.
Share this page

Obama Africanus the Firstreddit
I've been thinking lately about the persistently vituperative and insulting attacks on President Obama since 2008. It is, of course, commonplace in American politics for presidents to be lambasted for their policies, their programs, their values, and even their personal quirks. Sometimes the tone crosses the line. John Adams was accused by a political opponent of "swallowing up" every "consideration of the public welfare ... in a continual grasp for power." James Madison was demeaned as "Little Jemmy," because he was short. James Buchanan, who once declared that workers should get by on a dime a day, came to be mocked as "Ten Cents Jimmy."
John Tyler, who assumed the presidency after the death of William Henry Harrison, was ridiculed as "His Accidency." Congressman Abraham Lincoln castigated President James K. Polk as a "completely bewildered man." Opponents of Woodrow Wilson's reinstitution of the draft in World War I accused him of "committing a sin against humanity." Critics of Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal attacked him as an "un-American radical." Richard Nixon was famously known as "Tricky Dick," and of course he was not "A Crook." At the height of the Vietnam War, Lyndon Johnson was excoriated by his opponents as a "Murderer" and a "War Criminal."
But no president in our nation's history has ever been castigated, condemned, mocked, insulted, derided, and degraded on a scale even close to the constantly ugly attacks on President Obama. From the day he assumed office -- indeed, even before he assumed office -- he was subjected to unprecedented insults in often the most hateful terms.
He has been accused of being born in Kenya, of being a "secret Muslim," of being complicit with the Muslim Brotherhood, of wearing a ring bearing a secret verse from the Koran, of having once been a Black Panther, of refusing to recite the pledge of allegiance, of seeking to confiscate all guns, of lying about just about everything he has ever said, ranging from Benghazi to the Affordable Care Act to immigration, of faking bin Laden's death, and of funding his campaigns with drug money. It goes on and on and on. Even the President's family is treated by his political enemies with disrespect and disdain.
If one browses even respectable websites, one can readily find bumper stickers, coffee cups, and tee-shirts for sale with such messages as: "Dump This Turd" (with an image of President Obama); "Coward! You Left Them To Die in Benghazi" (with an image of President Obama); "Somewhere in Kenya A Village Is Missing Its Idiot" (with an image of President Obama); "Islam's Trojan Horse" (with an image of President Obama); "Pure Evil" (with an image of President Obama); "I'm Not A Racist: I Hate His White Half Too" (with an image of President Obama); "He Lies!" (with an image of President Obama); and on and on and on.
Now, don't get me wrong. Every one of these messages is protected by the First Amendment, and people have a right to express their views, even in harsh, offensive, cruel, and moronic ways. We the People do not need to trust or admire our leaders, and we should not treat them with respect if we don't feel they deserve our respect. But the sheer vituperation directed at this President goes beyond any rational opposition and is, quite frankly, mind-boggling.
In part, of course, this might just be a product of our times. Perhaps the quality of our public discourse has sunk so low that any public official must now expect such treatment. Perhaps any president elected in 2008 would have been greeted with similar scorn and disdain. But, to be honest, that seems unlikely.
Of course, there are those who say that this phenomenon is due in part, perhaps in large part, to the fact that President Obama is African-American. But surely racism is dead in America today, right?
One fact that might lend some credence to the theory that racism has something to do with the tenor of the attacks on President Obama is that only one other president in our history has been the target of similar (though more subdued) personal attacks.
In his day, this president was castigated by the press and his political opponents as a "liar," a "despot," a "usurper," a "thief," a "monster," a "perjurer," an "ignoramus," a "swindler," a "tyrant," a "fiend," a "coward," a "buffoon," a "butcher," a "pirate," a "devil," and a "king." He was charged with being "cunning," "thickheaded," "heartless," "filthy," and "fanatical." He was accused of behaving "like a thief in the night," of being "the miserable tool of traitors and rebels," and of being "adrift on a current of racial fanaticism." He was labeled by his enemies "Abraham Africanus the First."
But, of course, race had nothing to do with it then, either.
More:

 Infosys Falls 5% as Founders Said to Sell SharesYou are here: Home Market
Infosys Falls 5% as Founders Said to Sell Shares
NDTV | Updated On: December 08, 2014 15:14 (IST)
Nikkei Share Average Opens Down 0.39%
Infosys shares fell over 5 per cent on Monday on the back of a large block deal involving sale of 32.6 million shares. The sale of shares reportedly took place at Rs 1,988 each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close. ( Track stock )
The sellers were four founders of Infosys - Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S.D. Shibulal and K. Dinesh. The transactions are valued at about $1.1 billion at the discounted price. ( Read the full story here )
Most of these executives have left the company since current CEO Vishal Sikka took office in August. The founders and their families held a combined 91.5 million shares, or nearly 8 per cent of Infosys' outstanding shares, according to the company's annual report.
Shares in Infosys traded at the bottom on the 50-share Nifty because of the block deal. As of 3.10 p.m., Infosys shares traded 5 per cent lower at Rs 1,968 on the NSE and underperformed the broader CNX IT index, which traded 3.2 per cent down. ( Track stock )
(With inputs from Reuters)

Beware RSV  which looks like a cold but is more dangerous to some infantsBy Lenny Bernstein December 8 Follow @LennyMBernstein
(Olesia Bilkei/www.istockphoto.com)
I somehow managed to raise three children without ever hearing about Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV ). That's probably because this seasonal illness, which affects children up to the age of 2 or 3, usually looks like the common cold and runs its course without a formal diagnosis.
"RSV doesn't have a good PR agent," said Paul Checchia, a professor of pediatric critical care medicine and cardiology at Texas Children's Hospital in Houston.
But nearly every child in the United States will come down with the virus by age 3, and some parents need to worry about it. RSV is responsible for about 125,000 infant hospitalizations and 4o0 deaths each year -- 10 times more infant fatalities than the flu.
The virus attacks the tiny bronchioles in infant lungs, causing fever and difficulty breathing that is one step short of pneumonia, Checchia said. It runs from November to March. In other words, the season is now.
Most at risk are the 500,000 babies born prematurely in the United States each year, before 36 or 37 weeks of gestation. Their underdeveloped lungs have narrow, fragile airways, and they lack the complete complement of antibodies that full-term infants have. Also at risk, Checchia says, are babies with lung, heart and neurological conditions.
The virus "attacks their lungs at a time when they're most  vulnerable," he said. "You need to know about this as a parent because it  is something that is so ubiquitous in the population."
Symptoms include persistent coughing or wheezing, fast or troubled breathing, spread-out nostrils or a caved-in chest when the baby is trying to breathe, a bluish color around the mouth or fingernails and a rectal temperature of more than 100.4 Fahrenheit in infants less than 3 months old.
There is no treatment, but there quite a few ways to minimize risk of transmission. Parents of young children should wash their hands frequently and ask others to do the same, Checchia said, as well as keep toys, clothes, blankets and sheets clean. The virus can live on toys and hard surfaces such as kitchen counters for short periods of time. Avoid crowds, and ask your pediatrician if your child is at high risk for infection. There are prophylactic efforts that can strengthen infants' immune sysems, Checchia said.
The virus usually runs a 10- to 14-day course. So if a baby with those symptoms is not improving in three to five days, it's time to consult a physician.
Lenny Bernstein writes the To Your Health blog. He started as an editor on the Post’s National Desk in 2000 and has worked in Metro and Sports.

Dr Datson Labs  board meeting on Dec 15  2014Dec 08, 2014, 10.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dr Datson Labs' board meeting on Dec 15, 2014
Dr.Datsons Labs board meeting will be held on December 15, 2014, to transact the Discussion on letter of interest received from Leaders Group Asia Limited for acquiring majority stake in the Company. To Discussion on Demerger of Business of API and Formulation of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dr Datson Labs' board meeting on Dec 15, 2014
Dr.Datsons Labs board meeting will be held on December 15, 2014, to transact the Discussion on letter of interest received from Leaders Group Asia Limited for acquiring majority stake in the Company. To Discussion on Demerger of Business of API and Formulation of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Dr.Datsons Labs Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 15, 2014, inter alia, to transact the following:1. Discussion on letter of interest received from Leaders Group Asia Limited for acquiring majority stake in the Company.2. To Discussion on Demerger of Business of API and Formulation of the Company.Source : BSE

Sudal Industries appoints Mukesh V. Ashar as CFODec 08, 2014, 10.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sudal Industries appoints Mukesh V. Ashar as CFO
Sudal Industries has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company by way of circular resolution passed on December 08, 2014 appointed Mr. Mukesh V. Ashar, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) & Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company as an Additional Director categorized as Executive Director of the Company, with immediate effect to h
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sudal Industries appoints Mukesh V. Ashar as CFO
Sudal Industries has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company by way of circular resolution passed on December 08, 2014 appointed Mr. Mukesh V. Ashar, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) & Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company as an Additional Director categorized as Executive Director of the Company, with immediate effect to h
Post your opinion here
 
Sudal Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company by way of circular resolution passed on December 08, 2014 appointed Mr. Mukesh V. Ashar, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) & Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company as an Additional Director categorized as Executive Director of the Company, with immediate effect to hold office upto the date of next AGM.Source : BSE

CMI s board meeting on Dec 12  2014Dec 08, 2014, 10.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CMI's board meeting on Dec 12, 2014
CMI's board meeting will be held on December 12, 2014, to consider issue of equity shares/warrants/convertible securities on preferential basis to Promoter group, Associates and Non promoters and to decide the relevant date for the purpose of preferential issue.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CMI's board meeting on Dec 12, 2014
CMI's board meeting will be held on December 12, 2014, to consider issue of equity shares/warrants/convertible securities on preferential basis to Promoter group, Associates and Non promoters and to decide the relevant date for the purpose of preferential issue.
Post your opinion here
 
CMI Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 12, 2014, to consider the following matter:- To consider issue of equity shares/warrants/convertible securities on preferential basis to Promoter group, Associates and Non promoters and to decide the relevant date for the purpose of preferential issue.Source : BSE

 Sikka Welcomes Share Sale by Infosys FoundersYou are here: Home Corporates
Sikka Welcomes Share Sale by Infosys Founders
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 10, 2014 20:32 (IST)
SpiceJet Cancellations Trigger Chaos At Airports
New Delhi: As four founder families sold part of their Infosys holdings on Monday, Vishal Sikka, chief executive of India's second largest IT outsourcer, said monetization of shares for philanthropic and entrepreneurship purposes was in line with the company's values.
"As I have always said, the founders have left an indelible legacy and culture in this iconic company and I respect and trust their decision of contributing towards philanthropic activities and entrepreneurship and other initiatives...So, in that sense again this action by them is aligned with the company's values," Mr Sikka said in a statement.
"In fact, contributing to the greater good is something close to the company's heart, I am looking forward to further strengthening and reinforcing this area."
Mr Sikka, the first outsider CEO of Infosys, noted that the four co-founders continue to be among the largest retail shareholders in the company and they have reiterated their commitment to the future of the company and reinforced their belief in and support of its leadership.
On Monday, families of four Infosys co-founders, including Narayana Murthy and Nandan Nilekani, sold shares worth over $1 billion (Rs 6,484 crore) - within months of all original promoters exiting the management and Mr Sikka becoming the first outsider CEO.
While these four co-founders, which also include former CEO S D Shibulal and K Dinesh, have monetized only part of their holdings - for entrepreneurship and philanthropic activities - their action led to a sharp plunge of about 5 per cent in the IT heavyweight's share price eroding almost $2 billion from the company's market capitalisation.
A total of 3.26 crore shares, accounting for an over 5.5 per cent stake in the company, were sold through multiple deals by Mr Murthy, Mr Nilekani, Mr Dinesh and some of their family members, as well as wife of Mr Shibulal.
Infosys, which currently commands a market value of about Rs 2.25 lakh crore, was founded by seven engineers, including these four, by pooling together $250 in 1981, while all the promoters together held a 15.92 per cent stake at the end of last quarter.
Story first published on: December 08, 2014 23:59 (IST)

McDonald s Adds Chicken To Customization Testreddit
McDonald's is extending its "Create Your Taste" customization option to chicken as well as beef as it extends testing to 30 stores in five states.
Inclusion of chicken, confirmed by the company, makes sense given that beef prices are expected to continue to rise in 2015. This is not the only change as it green-lights expansion of the test: McDonald's has jettisoned the "Build Your Burger" name initially used in favor of the "Create Your Taste" name it is using for a similar test in Australia. As reported here in October, the Australia test uses large freestanding kiosks where toppings are chosen while the U.S. test uses iPads. But using the same name could make it easier to share software or other technology between the two tests. McDonald's Australia expects to have Create Your Taste available in all 900+ stores there within a year.
McDonald's says the U.S. test, now in an handful of California stores, will be taken to stores in Georgia, Illinois, Missouri, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. USA Today reports that the chain intends to have Create Your Taste in 2,000 locations next year.
Burger customization isn't something new, obviously. Fast-casuals such as Smashburger or The Counter make it part of their models. But it is difficult for quick-service operations to accommodate extensive customization. Allowing customers to scan 20 different toppings while they decide what to choose would quickly logjam the order counters. Create Your Taste lets them ponder options on the iPad rather than in line. The option also provides a bit of free menu R&D, giving McDonald's valuable information on what customers want.
Create Your Taste burgers require more time to prepare. As a result, they are served fast-casual-style to customers at their table. Burgers are presented open-faced in metal baskets.
The customized burgers are also more expensive: $5.49 al la carte in the San Diego test. With a drink and fries, the bill tops $8. That's still less than a meal at Chipotle or many other concepts that Millennials supposedly are choosing instead of McDonald's. And well-heeled Millennials, not burger-loving teens (who often don't have $8 or even $5.49), certainly are Create Your Taste's target market.
Beginning with a quarter-pound beef patty or, now, chicken breast, Create Your Taste customers can choose from a variety of toppings, including:
• Three cheeses (American, white cheddar, pepper-Jack);
• Two buns (buttered and toasted artisan roll or bakery style bun);
• Five sauces (Big Mac special sauce, spicy mayo, creamy garlic sauce, sweet BBQ or guacamole);
• Seven assorted other toppings (jalapenos, grilled mushrooms, applewood-smoked bacon, red onion, caramelized grilled onions, chili-lime tortilla strips and crinkle-cut pickles).
If you're not sure what to choose, the test offers three Quarter Pounders with these ingredients that are not on the chain's national menu. These include a "SoCal Style" with white Cheddar, guacamole, tortilla strips and garlic sauce; "Hot All Over" with pepper-Jack, jalapenos and spicy mayo; and the "Grill Thriller" with bacon, white cheddar, caramelized onion, mushrooms and sweet BBQ sauce.
The buzz about the expanded Create Your Own test diverts some attention to McDonald's dismal performance report for November. Globally, same-store sales dipped 2.2 but U.S. comp sales fell 4.6%, its worst monthly performance in more than a decade. To right itself, the company says it is "diligently working to enhance its marketing, simplify the menu, and implement a more locally-driven organizational structure to increase relevance with consumers."
Follow BurgerBusiness on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BurgerBusiness
More:

S&P 500 posts worst day since Oct; energy shares sinkWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Fine print: How cab firms wash hands of driversconductWritten by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:12 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 4:23 pm
It’s an icon that many click on without ever bothering to actually read what they are agreeing to. But with Uber facing the heat for the alleged rape of a woman in one of its cabs, the terms and conditions that it asks its customers to agree to online while utilising its services make for interesting reading.
There, the company absolves itself completely of all responsibility and liabilities arising out of the misconduct of drivers including situations that are “potentially unsafe, offensive”.
“Uber does not guarantee the suitability, safety or ability of third party providers. It is solely your responsibility to determine if a third party provider will meet your needs and expectations…. By using the services, you acknowledge that you may be exposed to situations involving third party providers that are potentially unsafe, offensive, harmful to minors, or otherwise objectionable,” says the user terms of Uber.
It’s not just Uber though, other operators too have fallen back on similar lines when it comes to liability.
Meru’s terms and condition states, “The Company shall not be liable / responsible for any illegal conduct of the Drivers of the Cabs. However, the Company recommends you to notify about any complaints that you may have against the Drivers of any Cab.”
But what’s really different in the case of Uber is that it is not an entity registered in India — it runs a business and generates revenue from the country without having a legal presence here. Also, the agreement that customers enter into while accepting the terms and conditions of Uber is with Uber B.V The Netherlands and Uber Technologies, Inc The United States. Even the bill generated by Uber is from UBER B.V.
Legal experts have offered differing opinions on Uber’s operations in India.
Sandeep Parekh of FinSec Law Advisors said there was nothing wrong with the company operating without being registered in India since they only have an App.
But another legal expert, who did not wish to be named, said that ideally the company should not be operating in such a manner and that this issue involves other jurisdictions too.
For customers who want to take legal action against Uber for lapses in service, the company’s terms and conditions state that one can file a case against the company in the jurisdiction of his/her place of residence but also clarifies that the total liability in connection with services for all damages shall not exceed $500 (Rs 30,000).
And in case of any arbitration, the arbitration will be administered by American Arbitration Association.
The RBI had earlier questioned the fact that Uber was not following the mandatory two-step security check for credit card transactions.
An RBI official told The Indian Express that when the transaction is between two entities (passenger and cab driver) based out of India then there was no reason for the money to go abroad as it involves forex transaction.
The company, however, has now begun to comply with the norms, said the RBI Deputy Governor H R Khan on Monday. continued…

Lower car ownership cost may drive volumesLower car ownership cost may drive volumes; Maruti and M&M likely to gain
By Ashutosh Shyam , ET Bureau | 9 Dec, 2014, 08.00AM IST
It is a combination of factors like cheaper fuel, lower duty and easier financing rates. In FY04, FY07 and FY10 when the cost of ownership declined. 
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
ET Intelligence Group: As the cost of owning a car dips, chances of a higher sales growth are becoming brighter. Historically, there has been an inverse correlation between the cost of car ownership and demand. This could be positive for the earnings growth of Maruti Suzuki and Mahindra & Mahindra. Carmakers believe that an interest rate cut of 50-100 basis points will pave the way for a sustainable volume growth and a change in customer sentiment. For the first time in five years, the cost of car ownership has dropped 3% in 2014.
It is a combination of factors like cheaper fuel, lower duty and easier financing rates. In FY04, FY07 and FY10 when the cost of ownership declined, auto makers had recorded more than 20% volume growth.
"Industry volume growth is expected to be low, in a single digit for the current financial year. But on account of a drop in the cost of ownership of vehicles we believe volume growth for next financial year could be in double digits," said Rakesh Srivastava , senior VP at Hyundai India . Hyundai holds nearly 16% of the market share in India's passenger car segment. The cost of ownership has declined with petrol price going down 12% from the highs of Rs 80 a litre (in Mumbai) in March 2014.
In addition, an excise duty cut of 4% for the auto industry has helped companies to lower car prices. The new government has extended the excise duty exemption till December 2014 and may extend it further. But industry volume growth between April and October has been just 5% year-on-year. Analysts believe that the missing link is the absence of a cut in interest rate.
"The magnitude of the ownership cost decline in FY15 is less than FY04-07-10, which is perhaps why the improvement in passenger vehicle industry has been modest thus far.
We believe interest rates are the missing ingredient here. Any drop in car finance will drive ownership costs down further," said CLSA , a broker. Carmakers feel the same. "We believe interest rate cut of more than 50 basis points will be an important factor to drive volume growth. It will not only bring down the financing rate but also increase the level of disposable incomes," said a senior official at Maruti, India's leading car manufacturing company.
"If there is a rate cut by up to 1%, it would be an inflection point for sustainable volume growth," says Srivastava of Hyundai. According to analyst estimates, with the decline of every 100 basis points in financing rates the ownership cost would come down by as much as 1.2%.

SC refuses to re-look coal allocation verdictCAG
(The court, on September…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday refused a plea to make any exception to its September 24 order cancelling all coal block allocations made since 1993 as also an attempt by some companies to have the Rs 295 per tonne penalty for illegal mining waived. The top court's decision is expected to clear the path for the imminent auction of all the cancelled coal blocks.
Some of the companies claimed that they had complied with all the statutory requirements needed under the MMRD Act and hence the blocks should not have been cancelled. They included Prakash Industries and BL Industries. Others claimed they fell in the mixed-use category.
Some of the companies heard on Monday were Tata Steel , Odisha Power Generation Company, Tata Sponge Iron, DB Power, Rathi Steel and Power, Prism Cements, Monet Ispat, Sun Flag and Utkal Power. The bench didn't change its stance. "It doesn't matter how your cases went to the screening committee. We know how it went," Justice Lokur observed at one point.
The court also rejected a plea by state power plants in Punjab and Karnataka to exempt them from the cancellation or at least ask the private sector joint venture partner that lifted the coal to pay the penalty.
Attorney general Mukul Rohatgi, however, resisted the attempt by some companies to get the court's backing to escape from paying the Rs 295 per tonne penalty on coal extracted illegally till the block was cancelled. "Everyone was there. They were heard.
If you default (in paying the penalty), how can you take part in the auctions?" the AG asked. The bench, comprising justices Madan B Lokur, Kurian Joseph and AK Sikri, then rejected a plea by some companies that they were underground mines and hence were exempt from paying this amount.
They cited the CAG report to claim that they were loss-making units. PIL petitioner Prashant Bhushan, however, contested this saying underground mines produce better grade coal that fetches better prices. He pegged the price at Rs 1,000 per tonne at least.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Crude likely to fall to $60 a barrel in near term: ExpertsCrude likely to fall to $60 a barrel in near to medium term: Experts
Ramkrishna Kashelkar & Ram Sahgal, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.07AM IST
(A put option lets a buyer…)
MUMBAI: Crude oil looks more bearish, and even though analysts don't rule out a technical rebound, the price could fall to $60 a barrel in the near to medium term, boding well for India. The country's oil import bill at $94.55 billion on a net basis in the fiscal year through March 2014 accounted for a fifth of its total import bill.
The bearishness in crude oil is borne out by options data on Nymex, a designated marketplace of the US-based CME group, the world's largest derivatives exchange. Traders take positions on West Texas Intermediate or WTI crude on Nymex. This oil trades at a discount to Brent but the price signals it sends out have a bearing on the crude price here, subject to currency stability.
Intraday data on Monday showed bearish positions being created in the most active $65 strike price — the price at which an option can be exercised — not just in the front month or January contract, which expires in seven days, but also in contracts right through April. The bearish positions have been created by traders who have purchased put options at a $65 strike price.
A put option lets a buyer sell crude at the strike price even if the price of oil falls below $65 plus the premium the purchaser has paid. The people selling the put options are called writers. They sell the puts either as a hedging strategy or because they feel oil might not fall below a certain level.
The $65 put option intraday price rose by 41 cents to $1.49, indicating that those who bet oil would fall below that level made money. More interestingly, traders seem to be so confident that prices of oil would fall further that some, in addition to buying puts, are actually writing call options at a $65 strike price.
A seller of a call option feels prices of the underlier (oil) would not rise above a certain level, in this case $65, while a buyer feels the underlier would rise above $65 plus the premium he's paid to buy the contract.
The open interest — outstanding buy or sell positions — of the $65 call option hit a contract lifetime high of 6,152 units on Friday, even as the price of the option slipped to $1.92 from $2.73 the previous day. The rise in open interest of the call is attributed to more of options selling than buying by analysts. The price of the $65 call option fell from Friday's $1.92 to $1.21 intraday on Monday.
This indicates buyers of the call saw their premium value fall in value, and sellers earning the premium. "Crude looks very bearish going by the options data," said SK Joshi, former CFO of BPCL and head of wealth management at Khambatta Securities.
"In addition to huge positions in puts being built, the fact that open interest of the $65 call has increased even as its price has dropped suggests probably that some traders are writing call options with confidence that oil just may not rise above that level."
"It's possible that a technical rebound in crude could take place to $70-72 from which level the price could correct once again," said Krishna Nathani, MD, indiabullion. com, a south India-based commodity research firm. The WTI crude contract on Nymex has fallen more than 36% to around $65 a barrel from a high of $102.4 on June 25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fin services cos diversify biz to minimise r...Financial services companies diversify business to minimise risks
Sabarinath M, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 05.12AM IST
Tags:
Centrum Capital
(Centrum Capital, promoted…)
MUMBAI:In times of crisis, some companies batten down the hatches, strip away the frills and focus on the essentials to survive. Others diversify, and thrive, as did domestic financial services companies such as JM Financial, Centrum Capital, Edelweiss and India Infoline.
Now they are shoring up these businesses by infusing large amounts of capital in areas such as lending, asset reconstruction and wealth management — all assiduously built up during the slump and now positioned to offer stable returns in an economy on the cusp of recovery.
Centrum Capital, promoted by Chandir Gidwani, has beefed up its lending activities and recently capitalised and started a nonbanking financial company (NBFC). Its wealth management business for high net worth individuals focuses on alternative investments such as real estate private equity funds and unlisted companies. Centrum has also augmented its capital market products.
"We established wealth management and family office businesses during the slowdown. This puts us in a strong position to capitalise on the economic boom which is taking shape," said Rajnish Bahl, group managing director, Centrum Group. The company, with total assets under management of more than Rs 5,000 crore, has also stepped up hiring to expand the credit business.
Financial services companies acutely felt the need to hedge their bets in the aftermath of the global financial crisis that saw markets crashing worldwide. They were driven by the assumption that overexposure to one segment was too risky.
Nimesh Kampani's JM Financial, better known for investment banking, has expanded and built new businesses in the last seven years. A fund raised and advised by former Citgroup CEO Vikram Pandit has invested Rs 540 crore in JM Financial's real estate lending arm. JM Financial itself made an investment of Rs 360 crore, taking the total to Rs 900 crore. The asset reconstruction business is raising a $ 500 million distressed asset fund.
"Investment banking and broking constitute only 20 per cent of the total profits. This clearly shows our expansion into new businesses which are not cyclical in nature. We have expanded into lending and asset reconstruction business in a big way," said Vishal Kampani, MD and CEO, institutional securities group, JM Financial.
There is talk that Canadian value investor Prem Watsa may take a strategic stake in the Nirmal Jain-owned India Infoline's nonbanking finance company.
The proposed deal signals India Infoline's desire to strengthen its NBFC business through a global partnership. For Watsa, it is an opportunity to play a larger role in the fast-growing financial services industry back home. Neither side was immediately available for comment.
Rashesh Shah-owned Edelweiss has much the same story to tell. After having established itself as a capital market player, Edelweiss added many businesses to its portfolio with a major focus on credit business following the global meltdown.
 
"Credit is underpenetrated in India. Over the next 10-15 years, credit penetration will substantially go up," said Nitin Jain, head of capital markets and global asset management. Edelweiss is hiring senior executives and beefing up its asset management business through acquisitions.
In May, it took over the asset management business of Mumbai-based Forefront Capital Management founded by Nalin Montz, Radhika Gupta and Anant Jatia and catering to around 200 clients.
Experts feel that financial services companies have successfully captured the value chain but caution that active participation in every part of this is critical in preventing risk. "In any financial services, it is the velocity of money that drives growth and profits.
It is capturing the entire value chain. But active participation with companies where they have exposure is critical for driving growth," said Sunil Chandiramani, former head of EY's advisory business.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Religious leaders bid to end mid-day meal boycott over Dalit cookBasava Murugendra Swami from Chitradurga serving mid-day meals to children of the government school at Kuppegala, near Mysuru, on Monday. Photo: M.A. Sriram
TOPICS
Karnataka
Progressive religious leaders visited the government school at Kuppegala village, near here, on Monday and served the midday meals along with students in a bid to end the boycott of meals by upper-caste children.
Even as the religious leaders, led by Basava Murugendra Swami, sat alongside the children and ate their meal, the attendance in the school, which had fallen in the last 10 days after a Dalit woman was appointed as a cook, went up to the regular level, reaching 138.
The religious leaders, who had taken permission from the school authorities, arrived at the school just ahead of the time to serve the midday meals. After serving and consuming the food, the seers, including Chikkarudra Swami of Gowli Gurupeetha in Chitradurga and Basavalinga Murthy Swami of Bhavaikya Samsthe in Mysuru, interacted with the children and advised them to live harmoniously with people of all castes and creed.
Later speaking to presspersons, Basava Murugendra Swami said it was unfortunate that a few “narrow-minded individuals were sowing the poisonous seeds of caste differences through the school. It is a crime”. Pointing out that there was no difference in the food prepared by a low-caste or an upper-caste person, the swami hoped their act of eating alongside the children would help drive out untouchability. Village elders, including taluk panchayat members and School Development Monitoring Committee members also ate the midday meal.
Deputy Director of Public Instruction H.R. Basappa said all the children who attended the school on Monday ate the midday meal, which was prepared by the same set of cooks. “So, the issue is resolved,” he said.
President of Karnataka Backward Classes Welfare Forum K.S. Shivaramu, who accompanied the religious leaders, said their visit had helped change the mindset of a section of the people in the village for the good of society.
Meanwhile, leader of the Dalit Jagruti Samiti M.V. Manjunath welcomed the initiative of the religious leaders. “It is a welcome development,” he said. But, he appealed to the district administration to pay attention to the other issues of untouchability plaguing the village. He said it had already been brought to the notice of the Deputy Commissioner that Dalits were not allowed in the two Muzrai Department temples, the community hall, hotels, and hair-cutting salons in the villages. Authorities should intervene in the matter, he said.
Meanwhile, a group of villagers, who gathered outside the school, complained that the district administration had been found wanting in making efforts to resolve the problem of untouchability that prevailed in the village.

No hurdles to Idukki package: ChandyThe Hindu
Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy. File photo
: Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said on Monday that the government would go ahead with the implementation of the projects under the Idukki package. Replying to a submission moved by Roshi Augustine in the Assembly, he said the State was seeking the Centre’s approval to get the term of the package extended by two years.
“Though the extension has not been formally approved, the State faces no hurdles in implementing the projects under the Idukki package. The Ministry of Agriculture has informed us that the RKVY (Rashtriya krishi Vikas Yojana) schemes taken up under the package can continue”.
Mr. Chandy said the Centre had released Rs.260 crore out of Rs.481 crore approved for the package. “The balance amount would be released after the utilisation certificates were submitted.” Replying to another submission by N.A. Nellikunnu, he said the decision to equip government hospitals with facilities to conduct post-mortem examination round the clock would be implemented soon.
The government had issued an order in February 2013 to introduce 24x7 facilities for post-mortem examination in medical college hospitals first, and later in district hospitals.
“It is important to have both infrastructure and trained staff in place to avoid medico-legal complications related to post-mortem examination of bodies. The government would try to ensure that the facilities are in place as soon as possible,” he said.
Earlier, moving the submission, Mr. Nellikunnu said the families of accident victims were put to hardship by the delay in completing post-mortem examination.

Uber cabs continue to ply on Delhi roads even after the banUber cabs continue to ply on Delhi roads even after the ban
Bowler Abbott set for return after tragedyBowler Abbott set for return after tragedy
EUROPE MARKETS: European Stocks Retreat From Seven-year High On Global Growth ConcernsEUROPE MARKETS: European Stocks Retreat From Seven-year High On Global Growth Concerns
Merck to take on superbugs with $8.4 bn acquisition of CubistMerck to take on superbugs with $8.4 bn acquisition of Cubist
Uber under scrutiny: We need rules not bans  say InvestorsUber under scrutiny: We need rules not bans  say Investors
Adelaide celebrates life of Hughes   13th man  of Oz squadAdelaide celebrates life of Hughes   13th man  of Oz squad
NYMEX-U.S. crude hits 5-year low as selling stretches onNYMEX-U.S. crude hits 5-year low as selling stretches on
Nothing Seems To Be Working For Abercrombie & FitchNothing Seems To Be Working For Abercrombie & Fitch
Posted:
Updated:
12/04/2014 10:59 am EST
In this Tuesday, July 10, 2012, photo, young women pause with their Abercrombie & Fitch shopping bags on the sidewalk along Fifth Avenue in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
Abercrombie & Fitch is trying everything to get teens and college kids to come back to its stores. It’s eliminating clothes with logos, rolling out new store designs and culling underperforming locations while attempting to cut $200 million in costs.
Yet it seems that nothing’s working.
The teen apparel retailer reported dismal results on Wednesday, with sales falling 12 percent for the quarter from a year ago, despite the multitude of changes meant to spur a turnaround. Chief executive Mike Jeffries blamed the struggles on weak store traffic and overall turbulence in the teen fashion industry.
“It is very clear that the young apparel sector in which we operate is going through a period of disruption, and turmoil,” Jeffries said on a conference call with analysts on Wednesday. When reached for additional comment, Abercrombie referred to Jeffries' statements on the call.
The lack of progress has some industry observers concerned that Abercrombie won’t be able to pull itself out of the bog. The moves may be “too little, too late,” Eric Beder, an analyst at Wunderlich Securities, wrote in a note to clients on Wednesday. With its logo apparel still in stores, bleak sales results, low traffic and stiff competition, he’s worried that the retailer won’t be able to recover.
“The glory days of Abercrombie are long gone, and the once teen giant has fallen,” wrote Beder. “We are unsure when it will be able to rise again.”
Teens don't like logos any more, and Abercrombie knows it.
Abercrombie and its sister brand Hollister have fallen on hard times. Shares are down 36 percent over the past two years. The company cut its 2014 earnings outlook on Wednesday. Plus, both brands are losing traction among teens, according to the latest teen shopping survey from research firm Piper Jaffray.
Back in the 1990s and early 2000s, teen shoppers flocked to Abercrombie, lured by the perceived coolness of the A&F name and trademark moose logo. But the retailer was slow to adapt when fashion trends shifted and customers began shunning logos.
Now, Abercrombie and Hollister are under siege from fast fashion retailers like H&M and Forever 21, which constantly adapt the newest styles from the catwalk, bring them to store shelves within weeks and sell them at low prices. A pair of jeans at Abercrombie costs between $68 and $88 when full price, while customers can snatch up a plethora of denim styles from Forever 21 for under $25.
“The Abercrombie and Hollister brands face enormous global competition and pricing pressure from fast fashion retailers that operate with price points significantly lower and inventory turns that are significantly faster,” John Kernan, an analyst at Cowen and Company, wrote in a note to clients in November.
Hollister stores are being overhauled, but will it be enough?
Still, Jeffries remains optimistic as the changes roll out. Hollister stores are experiencing a full revamp, with new storefronts, softer music and less musk spritzed throughout. Logos on clothes should be gone by spring . Meanwhile, Abercrombie’s adjusted its marketing to appeal to a wider range of body sizes, and now sells some plus-size clothes online.
“In light of a very difficult quarter, we must ask ourselves, and I know many of you ask the same question, are we make the right changes, are we moving fast enough, will these changes be enough to overcome a very challenging environment?” Jeffries said on the call. “Despite the difficult results for the quarter, we believe the answer to these questions is ‘yes.’”
More:

Sensex  Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 weeks; Infosys down by 5%Dec 08, 2014 at  05:46pm IST
Sensex, Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 weeks; Infosys down by 5%
5
0
Mumbai: Logging their worst drop in 8 weeks, benchmark Sensex plunged 339 points and Nifty slipped 100 points on Monday on sharp losses in Infosys, where co-founders sold about USD 1 billion worth shares, and other bluechips.
Shares of heavyweight Infosys fell by 4.88 per cent as families of four co-founders sold shares worth Rs 6,484 crore in the country's second largest software services firm. Its peers TCS and Wipro also witnessed selling pressure.
Private sector lenders HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank lost about one and half per cent each. Metals pack, including Sesa Sterlite, Hindalco and Tata Steel, slipped 2-3.6 per cent on reports of weak trade data of China, the world's biggest consumer of industrial metals.
The National Stock Exchange index Nifty moved down by 16.30 points, or 0.19 per cent, to 8,522.00.
#sensex #nifty #bse #nse
Domestic market was also affected by concerns over slowing foreign capital inflows as strong US growth may prompt the US Federal reserve to speed up rate hikes, traders said. Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 109.45 crore last Friday, as per provisional data. The 30-share index Sensex resumed lower at 28,433.00 and hovered in a range of 28,494.85 and 28,097.12 before ending at 28,119.40, showing a loss of 338.07 points or 1.19 per cent. This its biggest single-session loss since October 16 when it had dropped 349.99 points or 1.33 per cent.
Similarly, NSE 50-share Nifty fell 100.05 points, or 1.17 per cent, to finish below key 8,500-mark at 8,438.25. This is also its sharpest fall since 115.8-point drop on October 16.
"The decline was led by the IT counters as sentiments got a hit after some of the founders of IT major Infosys decided to sell USD 1.1 billion shares. Further, profit booking in capital goods, consumer durables and banking stocks also pushed the benchmark in red," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Asian stocks ended mixed amid disappointing data from Japan and China. Key benchmark indices in Taiwan, Singapore and South Korea dropped by 0.21 per cent to 0.80 per cent while indices in Japan, China and Hong Kong rose by 0.21 per cent to 2.81 per cent.
1

Swiss inflation flat in NovemberDec 08, 2014, 01.59 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Swiss inflation flat in November
Swiss inflation flat in November
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Swiss inflation flat in November
Swiss inflation flat in November
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Consumer price inflation in Switzerland was flat for the second consecutive month in November, official data showed on Monday.
In a report, the Swiss Federal Statistics Office said consumer price inflation was unchanged from a month earlier in November, compared to forecasts for a decline of 0.1%. Swiss consumer prices were flat in October.
Year-over-year, Swiss consumer prices decreased at an annualized rate of 0.1% in November, in line with expectations, after holding flat in October.
USD/CHF was trading at 0.9811 from around 0.9806 ahead of the release of the data, while EUR/CHF was at 1.2025 from 1.2028 earlier.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Uber cabs rape case: Govt bans Delhi operations; India blow loomsDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
International cab-booking service Uber was banned today in the national capital, a day after one of its drivers was arrested for allegedly raping a 27-year-old woman executive amid growing outrage over the incident which renewed focus on safety measures for women.
The Delhi government also blacklisted Uber from providing any transport service in the capital as it emerged that the accused Shiv Kumar Yadav was a repeat offender who had spent seven months in jail in a rape case earlier.
As per norms, it is mandatory for all private cab service providers to carry out a background check and obtain police verification of the drivers.
A view of Ridge road alongside a nallah, where the Uber cab driver allegedly raped his passenger, in Sarai Rohilla, Delhi. (Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
32-year-old Yadav was today remanded in police custody for three days by a Delhi court. He will be in police custody till December 11. Police said Yadav, who was arrested in Mathura on Sunday, needs to be interrogated for recovery of a mobile phone used by him.
Yadav, who was driving the uber cab, allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back to her home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
“The transport department has banned all activities related to providing of any transport service by www.uber.com with immediate effect. The department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the NCT of Delhi in future,” the Delhi government said in a statement.
The police said that during investigations prime facie it has emerged that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber as a number of alleged shortcomings were found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor there was a GPS tracking device in the car.
Meanwhile, the city witnessed protests at various places including outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh’s residence. Holding placards and chanting anti-government slogans, the protesters demanded better security for women and punishment for the driver.
Delhi Police said it may file an FIR against Uber as investigations so far have indicated “criminal negligence” and “abetment” to the crime on part of the company whose General Manager was grilled by the police today.
Uber’s General Manager (Marketing) Gagan Bhatia who claims to be the in-charge of the company’s India operations, during his daylong questioning has not been able to provide much information to the police regarding the company’s operations and its policies.
“We are seeing whether a separate FIR has to be filed or it would be merged in the same FIR and under what sections we have to file it,” said a senior police official.
The shocking incident, which took place days ahead of the second anniversary of the December 16 gangrape, has brought back memories of the horrific crime.
“It has been six months since this government came to power but nothing has changed. They used to blame the Centre when UPA was in power and they are now themselves skirting responsibility,” said an Aam Aadmi Party worker who protested outside the Home Minister’s residence.
A group of AAP workers also staged a protest outside Lt Governor’s office.
AAP vowed to raise the issue in Parliament and asked as to what steps the Government had taken to ensure security of women. “AAP will raise the Uber rape issue in Parliament also,” tweeted AAP leader Ashutosh.
A group of NSUI workers also staged a demonstration outside the Home Minister’s residence demanding strict punishment for the driver.
They also attacked the government saying nothing has happened “on ground” regarding women safety, as promised by the BJP during the election campaign.
Congress MP Kumari Selja said the laws exist, but it is the duty of the government to enforce them.
“He (the driver) has a history of crime. This also shows that our law has some anomalies which is why such people commit crime even after being jailed.
“It is important to enforce the law properly. I don’t think under the new government anything has been happening on the ground (on women safety),” Selja said outside Parliament.
Union Minister Uma Bharti said it was important to change the attitude of the society towards women.
“Even after the Nirbhaya case, if such cases continue to happen then this shows that a speedy trial is required because Nirbhaya case took a long time to reach its end. Second, people should come out in support of women in such cases.
Centre mulls banning cab services of Uber across India
In more bad news for Uber cabs in, the Centre is contemplating to ban its services across India.
The Home Ministry is planning to ask all state governments and administration of nine union territories, where Uber runs its cab services, to put a ban on it, official sources said today.
Uber cab services are available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Kolkata and Pune.
The central government is also likely to ask all state governments and UT administrations to find out whether similar app-based taxi service is running in their jurisdiction contrary to the existing rules and regulations, the sources said.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh is expected to make a statement to this effect in Rajya Sabha tomorrow where he may mention about the steps to be taken for regulating the app- based cab services.
Meanwhile, the Home Ministry has posed to Delhi government eight questions related to Uber cab service and asked for its reply as early as possible.
The questions include details about Uber’s operations in the national capital, its commercial all India permit and how come this company is using or “misusing” that permit, how come a rape accused got driving licence and how many such services are operating in Delhi.
Uber was banned today in Delhi after one of its drivers allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman executive on Friday night.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber
More from companies

Not correct for govt to push Gita as national scripture: Shashi TharoorHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
Joining the chorus of disapproval over External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s proposal to have the Bhagwat Gita declared a national scripture, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor today questioned how one holy book could be deemed as being “holier” than others in a multi- faith country.
“I am also a Hindu, but in our religion there is not one holy book, there are many books. If you take Gita, what about the Vedas? What about Upanishads?… There are many opinions, we cannot just like that say that one book is holier than others,” Tharoor told reporters outside Parliament.
He also wondered as to how there could be talk of one national holy book when several religions are practised in the country.
“I am of the opinion that for the government to talk about such things is not correct,” Tharoor added.
Swaraj had yesterday pressed for the Centre to declare the Gita as a ‘Rashtriya Granth’ (national scripture) with the demand touching off a controversy.
Swaraj made the remarks while speaking at ‘Gita Prerna Mahotsav’, organised to celebrate 5,151 years of the religious text at the Red Fort Maidan here where VHP President Ashok Singhal had said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi should immediately declare the holy book as a national scripture.
The minister had said that she was able to face challenges as the external affairs minister only because of the teachings of the Gita.
TAGS: Shashi Tharoor Sushma Swaraj
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

After a week long impasse over Niranjan Jyoti s hate speech  Parliament back to businessDec 09, 2014 at 12:03am IST
After a week long impasse over Niranjan Jyoti's hate speech, Parliament back to business
6
0
New Delhi: After a week of uproar the impasse over Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti's hate speech has ended in Rajya Sabha. While the govt refused to adopt a resolution condemning her speech in what is being seen as a climbdown the Rajya Sabha Chairman did read out a statement where he said that nobody should make statements that are divisive, derogatory and unconstitutional.
A week of protest and repeated adjournment later the Parliament finally saw the impasse between government and opposition end on Monday. Chairman of Rajya Sabha read out a statement refraining MPs from using unparliamentary words. But the day started with the usual adjournment. Former Union Minister and Congress leader Anand Sharma tried moving a censure resolution against Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti but the speaker rejected the move. "If govt cant do this much..it shows arrogance," said the former Union Minister in charge of Commerce and Industry and Textiles.
Government sources said efforts to break the impasse began on Friday night, the government has claimed that Congress and other opposition parties were looking for a face-saver and an exit route.
#parliament #coongress #bjp #sadhvi niranjan jyoti
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu, made it clear to opposition leaders that government wouldn't approve of a resolution after PM's statement. Ultimately the opposition had to withdraw from its earlier stand as SP and NCP objected to extending the stalemate any further.
In the Lok Sabha too speaker met Congress-led opposition leaders and assured that their opinion will not be muzzled, something opposition had alleged last week. Now the government hopes important legislations like the Insurance Bill will be taken up in the last two weeks of the winter session.
0

Delhi rape: Chargesheet to be filed in three weeks9
1
New Delhi: Delhi Police is ready to make a water-tight charge sheet in the case of rape of a 25-year-old financial analyst, and is likely to file it within three weeks, a police official said on Monday.
"The incident happened on Friday night and we cracked the case next day. And we also managed to zero in on the accused from his native place at Uttar Pradesh's Mathura. Now, we will try to file the charge sheet within three weeks," a senior official told IANS.
Delhi Police had filed the charge sheet in the December 16, 2012 gang-rape of a physiotherapist student in moving bus in just seventeen days of the incident.
Delhi Police had filed the charge sheet in the December 16, 2012 gang-rape of a physiotherapist student in moving bus in just seventeen days of the incident.
#delhi uber cab rape #uber cab #cab driver #rape
A team led by Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police Brijendra Singh has been assigned the task. Brijendra Singh will be assisted by Assistant Commissioner of Police Shweta Singh and investigating officer Inspector Anil Dureja.
The woman was raped on Friday night by a global taxi company's cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, while she was on her way home in north Delhi's Inderlok area from Gurgaon in Haryana where she works in a private company.
According to a police official, they have collected the forensic evidence and DNA samples. The reports are awaited.
"But we will try that Yadav gets maximum punishment under the rape laws," said the officer.
A case for forgery (section 420 of Indian Penal Code) also is likely to be slapped on Yadav, as he faked the clearance certificate from the Delhi Police to run the cab on city roads. Police Commissioner B.S. Bassi has already marked an inquiry into this matter.
2

Delhi Police may file FIR against Uber in rape caseDec 08, 2014 at 11:36pm IST
Delhi Police may file FIR against Uber in rape case
8
1
New Delhi: Delhi Police is considering filing an FIR against Uber as investigators probing the rape of a 27-year-old woman have found "criminal negligence" and "abetment" to crime by the US-based cab company whose general manager was grilled on Monday.
Uber's general manager (marketing) Gagan Bhatia, who claims to be the in-charge of the company's India operations, during his day-long questioning has not been able to provide much information to the police regarding the company's operations and its policies.
"We may book the company under CrPc section 188 and other charges as criminal negligence and abetment to the crime have been made out against Uber," said a senior Delhi police officer.
The investigations have gathered momentum amid growing outrage over the rape allegedly by a driver of Uber who had been arrested on Sunday.
"We wanted to know the role of the company while it brings the customer and the car driver into contact through its App. What is the liability of the company if the driver commits a crime as in this case. What is the business model, how it works, who are its promoters," the officer said.
"We may book the company under CrPc section 188 and other charges as criminal negligence and abetment to the crime have been made out against Uber," said a senior Delhi police officer.
#uber #delhi police #crime #rape
Sources privy to the investigation revealed that Bhatia could not come up with satisfactory answers to these questions posed by cops and he has been asked to produce the documents regarding the operations of the company in India.
"He first told us that there is no country head and he reports to one guy who heads its operation at EMEA (Europe-Middle East-Asia). If we don't get satisfactory
answers from Bhatia we may call this EMEA head for questioning," the officer added.
He added that they have come across gross violations on part of the company in terms of violation of the Motor Vehicle Act and others. "We may book the company under section 188 of CrPc and other sections as criminal negligence and abetment to the crime have been made out against Uber. As of now we are seeing what sections could be added and whether a separate FIR has to be filed or it would be merged in the same FIR and under what sections we have to file it," he added.
1

S&P 500 posts worst day since OctoberS&P 500 posts worst day since October; energy shares sink
Reuters Dec 9, 2014, 03.29AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(The energy index is now down…)
NEW YORK: The S&P 500 posted its biggest daily percentage drop since Oct. 22 on Monday as oil's slump to a five-year low caused a selloff in energy shares.
Worries about global growth added to the bearish tone. Data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter.
The S&P energy index tumbled 3.9 percent and traded at its lowest since June 2013 as Brent crude fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. Leading the decline, shares of Exxon Mobil fell 2.3 percent to $91.70 while shares of Chevron dropped 3.7 percent to $106.80.
The energy index is now down 12.8 percent for the year and is the only major S&P sectors in negative territory for 2014.
The S&P 500 is up 11.5 percent for the year so far.
Most growth-oriented sectors also fell, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Meanwhile several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, possibly due to year-end profit-taking, said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles. Among them, Apple was down 2.3 percent at $112.40, while GoPro shares fell 6.3 percent at $67.65.
"This has been a monster market, and it's been eking out new records. So it's taking a breather. The question is, is the U.S. equities versus other asset classes trade done," said Uri Landesman, president of Platinum Partners in New York.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 106.31 points, or 0.59 percent, to 17,852.48, the S&P 500 lost 15.06 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,060.31 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 40.06 points, or 0.84 percent, to 4,740.69.
The tumble follows gains Friday, which had pushed the S&P 500 to a record high close for the 49th time this year.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
On the New York Stock Exchange, 71 more stocks made 52-week lows compared with those making new highs, the largest gap skewed in favor of new lows since Oct. 16, the day after the market made its bottom in the recent pullback.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,180 to 919, for a 2.37-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,048 issues fell and 699 advanced for a 2.93-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
McDonald's shares shed 3.8 percent to $92.61 after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
About 7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.6 billion average for the month to date, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1zj55FvHershey explores removal of corn syrup
Corn syrup or sugar? Hershey plans to transform the ingredients in its candy bars.
Post to Facebook
Hershey explores removal of corn syrup Corn syrup or sugar? Hershey plans to transform the ingredients in its candy bars. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CQNXeo
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Hershey explores removal of corn syrup
Candice Choi, The Associated Press 7:32 a.m. EST December 6, 2014
Hershey's candy bars Take 5, PayDay, Almond Joy and a York Peppermint Patty, examples of products that use corn syrup, are displayed for a photo in New York,  Tuesday, Dec. 2, 2014. Will Papa, chief research and development officer at The Hershey Co., told The Associated Press the company uses a mix of sugar and high-fructose corn syrup in its products but that it is "moving more toward sugar." (AP Photo/Richard Drew) ORG XMIT: NYRD112
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
373 CONNECT 62 TWEET 15 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
NEW YORK — Hershey is looking at replacing the high-fructose corn syrup in some of its products with sugar.
Will Papa, chief research and development officer at The Hershey Co., told The Associated Press the company uses a mix of sugar and high-fructose corn syrup in its products but that it is "moving more toward sugar."
"We take into account what consumers want. And consumers are telling us between the two, they prefer sugar," Papa said.
Moving toward sugar would make Hershey a high-profile example of the move away from high-fructose corn syrup in the food industry. Many people say they avoid it because it has gained a bad reputation for fueling weight gain and diabetes, though health experts says there's not enough evidence to conclude it's any worse than regular sugar.
In an emailed statement, Hershey said its work on "exploring" the replacement of high fructose corn syrup "is just under way" and that it did not have a timeframe on when it might be complete.
A representative for Hershey, Jeff Beckman, cited Almond Joy, Fifth Avenue, Take 5 and York as examples of products that use corn syrup. He said classic Hershey bars are made with sugar.
"Our aim is to be transparent with our consumers about the ingredients we use in our products. Once we have more information to share, we will be back in touch," Hershey said in its statement.
As for health, the American Medical Association has said there's not enough evidence to specifically restrict the use of the syrup. The Center for Science in the Public Interest, which advocates for food safety, has also said that there's no evidence that the sweetener is any worse nutritionally than sugar.
The Corn Refiners Association, an industry group, has been pushing back at the negative perceptions about high-fructose corn syrup. It has commissioned market-research firms Mintel and Nielsen to study perceptions of sweeteners and shared the results online and with reporters. For instance, the association notes in media materials that "67% of consumers agree that moderation is more important than specific sweetener types."
John Bode, president of the Corn Refiners Association, said in an interview that the number of companies changing from corn syrup to sugar has slowed. Still, he said consumption of high-fructose corn syrup has declined more than other sugars.
Part of the reason is that people are cutting back on soda, which he said accounts for a majority of the market for high-fructose corn syrup.
In some cases, he noted that companies have switched back from sugar to high-fructose corn syrup after failing to see a notable sales spike. Bode noted Hunt's ketchup as an example of a product that switched back to corn syrup.
In 2010, the association submitted an application to the Food and Drug Administration to have its sweetening agent renamed "corn sugar" on nutrition labels. The request was denied.
373 CONNECT 62 TWEET 15 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CQNXeo
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

His previous rape charge slipped under officialradarBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:10 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:31 am
Just three years ago, Shiv Kumar Yadav, the cab driver accused of raping the woman executive on Friday night, was named in another rape case. He was arrested and spent seven months in jail, but was acquitted about a year later, reportedly due to lack of evidence.
His police record would have cropped up if his antecedents had been properly verified before the Transport Department issued him an All India Tourist Permit on May 28, 2014. Police have now claimed that the police verification document that was submitted at that time was forged.
The previous rape case dates back to December 13, 2011. According to the FIR filed at the Mehrauli police station, under Sections 376 and 506 of IPC, the 22-year-old complainant said she worked at a dance bar in Sahara mall, Gurgaon. At around 3 am, she left the bar and engaged Yadav (DL 1RX 8198) to drop her home (in South Delhi) for Rs 300.
The complainant alleged that Yadav drove the taxi to a secluded spot in Chhatarpur and raped her. When she resisted, he reportedly threatened her with a “foldable” knife. After he allegedly raped her, he was driving her home when their vehicle passed a police picket near Vasant Kunj. According to sources, the victim raised an alarm, after which Yadav allegedly pushed her out of the vehicle and sped away.
On November 26, 2012, Yadav was acquitted due to insufficient evidence. Sources said the crime could not be established beyond reasonable doubt, since there were inconsistencies in the complainant’s statement. According to sources, the medical examination report could not establish rape.
Sources said the complainant, in her initial statement, told a police official at the Vasant Kunj police picket that the driver had sped off with her gold chain. A PCR van had chased the car but failed to nab the driver. The next day, the complainant reportedly filed a fresh complaint alleging rape, and police officials then conducted her medical examination at AIIMS.
The case was investigated by Investigating Officer Pratibha Sharma and tried in the court of ASJ Yogesh Khanna. While Sharma investigated the December 16, 2012 gangrape case, Khanna delivered the verdict.
At the densely populated colony in South Delhi where the complainant stayed, not many could remember the case. “Some girls were tenants here a few years ago… but the old owners and the tenants have both left. Here, tenants change every few months,” said a resident in a flat adjoining the complainant’s address.
According to sources, the complainant left her 2011 residence about two months before Yadav was acquitted.

Resurgent dragon may spoil India party as FIIs eye China againResurgent Chinese market may draw more FII money due to cheaper valuations, say experts
Ashutosh R Shyam & Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 06.15AM IST
Tags:
benchmark
(Shanghai Composite, the…)
MUMBAI: India's stock market, a hot favourite among foreign institutional investors (FIIs), is slowly ceding ground to China. Thanks to the outperformance of Chinese stocks in last one month and their cheaper valuations, overseas portfolio investors have increased weightage on China in emerging market allocations. This will result in lower fund flows to Indian equities, said analysts.
Christopher Wood , CLSA's Asia pacific strategist, who has increased China's weightage in his model portfolio — his third increase in three weeks — said, "The global money will find Indian markets only if markets see significant correction from the current levels. I may also increase our fund allocations to India if stocks come down significantly."
Shanghai Composite, the main benchmark for Chinese equity market, has jumped about 25% in the past month. The Sensex has gained only 1% in the period. After the recent rally, Chinese stocks surpassed Japan as the world's second-largest stock market by market capitalisation. Analysts said the preference for Chinese stocks has been partly because India is considered richly valued. Shanghai Composite is trading at 12 times one-year estimated earnings, while the Sensex is at almost 18 times.
Domestic stock indices have not corrected more than 5% since the start of the rally in mid-February amid the election euphoria. With the economic and corporate earnings recovery still some time away, investors feel there is limited room for upside for now. "The performance of equity benchmarks in the two countries in the last few weeks shows FIIs' change in preference," said UR Bhat, managing director, Dalton Capital .
"The difference between India and China is that Chinese authorities act or respond quickly to economic problems whereas India is slow with its response." So far in December, the average daily FII inflow into Indian equities has been Rs 390 crore against Rs 800 crore in the previous month. In dollar terms, Shanghai Composite index has risen 47% so far this year against the 35% gain of the Sensex.
China retained the tag of "mostloved" market in Asia in November, pushing India down to second in the region, said an HSBC report. "China's stellar returns in the past few weeks could pose big threat to Indian stock market in the near term as FIIs may turn their focus to Chinese stocks, which are cheaper compared to Indian stocks," said Mehul Salva , founder, Ripplewave Equity.
There are two reasons for outperformance of Chinese equities in the past month. One, regulators introduced a scheme allowing foreigners to buy China's mainland 'A' shares through the Hong Kong exchanges and vice-versa. Secondly, the Chinese Central Bank unexpectedly cut interest rates for the first time in two years.
"While concerns about weak Chinese economic data may linger, the index should end 2014 on a high on concrete evidence of easing, contained credit risks, and the fourth plenum of the 18th Party Congress helping to clarify mediumterm macro expectation on China," said a note by Nomura.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber  Ola  TaxiForSure banned in Delhi | 2000 drivers at crossroads | CoverageYou are here: Home > Collections
Uber, Ola, TaxiForSure banned in Delhi until they get licence; Other states may follow suit
Harsimran Julka & Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 10.14AM IST
Tags:
Delhi Government
(Uber services operated…)
NEW DELHI: Online taxi-hailing service Uber has been banned from operating its services in Delhi and looks set to face speedbumps in other Indian cities, dealing a crippling blow to its ambitions in the country after its reputation for passenger safety was left shattered by revelations that the driver accused of raping a passenger was a serial offender.
Late on Monday, the Delhi Transport Department issued a public notice saying only Mega Cabs, Meru Cabs, Easy Cabs, Chanson, Yo Cabs and Air Cabs were licensed to operate radio taxis and all other taxi services are illegal till licensed. This would mean other Ubertype app-based taxi services such as OlaCabs and TaxiForSure also stand banned from operating in the national capital region.
Authorities in Delhi on Monday banned Uber's services in the city with immediate effect and also blacklisted the San Franciscobased company's services after it emerged the driver accused in the rape case, 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav , had been jailed for rape in 2011, something that Uber's driver checks missed.
However, despite the ban, Uber services operated as normal on Delhi streets on Monday evening, with drivers taking bookings on the company's mobile app. To add to Uber's misery, home ministry officials said the Centre would soon write to other states to ban the company's services in the 10 cities it presently operates in if it is found violating the Motor Vehicle Rules of 1988, as they said it was in Delhi.
Driver was Jailed in 2011 for Similar Offence
The Delhi ban came on a day Uber was banned from offering its services in the Netherlands or risk paying a fine of 10,000 euros (Rs 7.59 lakh) per violation. A senior Uber official told ET that the company hadn't received any communication about a ban and would contest it in court. Uber's Asia chief Eric Alexander said the company was willing to compensate the woman, set up a call centre to allay safety concerns and even willing to be governed by a regulatory and licensing regime.
"India is a very important market for us," he said, adding that the company would hire third-party agencies to help it with the police verification of its drivers. As the most highly valued US technology startup whose valuation famously more than doubled in just six months to $40 billion battled its worst crisis in India and a global PR disaster, authorities too were left red-faced as it emerged that it was not the company alone that failed to catch Yadav's spotty record.
The Delhi Transport Department, in its notice banning Uber, conceded that it had issued an All-India Tourist Permit to Yadav's taxi on May 28 after "due verification of character and antecedents of the permit holder". In further embarrassment, Uber officials during police questioning produced a so-called 'character certificate' about Yadav that was purportedly issued by the police and which the driver had submitted to the company before enrolling on its network.
However, Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi said the certificate was fake and forgery charges had been added against the accused. Yadav, who was produced in court on Monday which remanded him to three days custody, had spent seven months in jail in 2011 for a similar offence of raping a woman passenger. He was later acquitted of the charge.
The latest episode, in which a 26-year-old MNC executive was allegedly raped on her way back home by the driver, has once again served to highlight the issue of women's safety in India and threatens to snowball into a major issue in Delhi ahead of the assembly elections. There were protests outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh's residence on Monday morning and the case found its way into parliamentary discussions.
The home ministry has now asked the Delhi government to explain how the permit was issued to Yadav. Singh is expected to make a detailed statement in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday. Meanwhile, Uber, whose business practices have in the past earned it the ire of many, said it would "work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs".
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery," CEO Travis Kalanick said in a statement as three of his officials in India were grilled by police.
The police, sharply criticised after the 2012 Nirbhaya rape episode and under pressure after this latest incident, is considering pressing criminal negligence charges against the company. India is a key market for the five-year-old company and has been the theatre for one of its biggest expansion of services. The company has been adding cities and has some 10,000 drivers on its network, offering services ranging from the premium Uber Black offering to the cut-price Uber Go.

White Florida deputy shoots black man who witnesses say had hands upWhite Florida deputy shoots black man who witnesses say had hands up
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening lower; have strong support at 8420Ashwani Gujral
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Tuesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial support level of 8,420 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 14 points lower at 8,467 indicating a negative opening on the domestic market.
Markets would also react to current account data (CAD) which for the second quarter of the current financial year widened to $10.1 billion versus $5.2 billion YoY. The CAD now stands at 2.1 per cent of GDP versus 1.2 per cent YoY.
The Indian markets underperformed other Asian peers as profit booking extended for the second straight session in a row on Monday. The 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8,500 and also broke below its 20-DMA placed at 8,452 levels.
Nifty remained in the grip of bears for the entire session to finally conclude the day with a loss of 100 points at 8,438. The Sensex lost 338 points and closed at 28,119 on Monday.
"The index now has an important support placed at 8,420. If the index is not able to protect the low of 8,420 in the next few sessions then we may see a deeper decline till 8,290," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"The level of 8,505 would now serve as a key resistance level for the index for the immediate term. If, however the Nifty manages to respect the support of 8,420 and clears 8,505 and sustains above it then it may scale up till 8550," added the report.
Ashwani Gujral , Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com is of the view that what we saw today was a mild correction, but my guess and the bigger correction probably would be post budget and for now 5 per cent style correction should be hit and people should try to buy the market may be around 8,150-8,200.
Overnight, US stocks ended lower with the S&P 500 posting its biggest daily percentage drop since Oct. 22 on Monday as oil's slump to a five-year low caused a selloff in energy shares.
"Worries about global growth added to the bearish tone. Data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter," Reuters reported.
"The S&P energy index tumbled 3.9 percent and traded at its lowest since June 2013 as Brent crude LCOc1 fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 106.31 points, or 0.59 per cent, to 17,852.48, the S&P 500 lost 15.06 points, or 0.73 per cent, to 2,060.31 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 40.06 points, or 0.84 per cent, to 4,740.69.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.34 per cent lower at 17,874 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.92 per cent lower at 23,826. China's Shanghai index was trading 1.3 per cent lower at 2,981.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gita row unnecessary  says KarunanidhiUpdated: December 9, 2014 07:56 IST
Gita row unnecessary, says Karunanidhi
B. Kolappan
Tweet
The Hindu
The DMK Presiddent said while BJP making one step forward, these unnecessary controversies pull it two steps backwards. File photo
‘Instead of allowing his Cabinet colleagues to stir up controversies, the PM should put the country on the path of progress’
DMK leader M. Karunanidhi on Monday condemned External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj’s declaration that only a formality was left for making the Bhagavad Gita the national scripture. He said instead of allowing his Cabinet colleagues to stir up controversies, Prime Minister Narendra Modi should put the country on the path of progress.
“Even though the BJP government is taking several good initiatives, these controversies seem to earn a bad name for the government. While it is making one step forward, these unnecessary controversies pull it two steps backwards. This is the opinion of neutral persons,” he said in a statement here.
While addressing the ‘Gita Prerna Mahotsav’, organised by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad in Delhi, Ms. Swaraj seconded the opinion of VHP president Ashok Singhal and declared that only a formality remained to be completed in this regard.
“India is a secular state and its strength lies in unity in diversity,” Mr. Karunanidhi said. He recalled West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee’s argument that the Constitution is the national scripture of India.
Mr. Karunanidhi said that ever since the BJP came to power at the Centre, it had created controversies by talking about teaching Hindi and Sanskrit and organising ‘Guru Utsav’ instead of Teachers Day. “A speech of the minister that India is the country of Hindus led to the Prime Minister expressing his regret. Now, it has brought on itself another problem.”
A shock: VCK
Viduthalai Chiruthaikal Katchi (VCK) leader Thol Thirumavalavan said Ms. Swaraj's announcement had come as a shock to the people of India, as they were expecting the BJP government to set right the economy that was in dire straits.
Recalling Dr. Ambedkar's opinion that the Gita was “purely a backward-looking religious book,” he said democratic forces could not accept it as the national book, given the country’s religious and cultural pluralism.
RELATED NEWS

 Wall Street Drops With Energy SharesYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Drops With Energy Shares; Global Data Disappoints
Reuters | Updated On: December 09, 2014 07:36 (IST)
Nikkei Share Average Opens Down 0.39%
New York: US stocks fell on Monday, putting the S&P 500 on track for its biggest daily percentage decline since October, as energy shares fell with oil prices and global growth concerns rose following soft data out of China and Japan.
Energy was easily the worst-performing S&P sector, down 3.8 per cent, as Brent crude fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. The index is down more than 10 per cent for the year, making it the only one of the 10 major S&P sectors in negative territory for the year.
But most growth-oriented sectors were down on Monday as well, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped 6.7 per cent in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter.
In response to falling oil prices, ConocoPhillips said its capital budget for 2015 would drop 20 per cent to $13.5 billion. Conoco shares lost 3.6 per cent.
"I think people are looking at the potential ripple effects from the slide in oil. You're seeing some of these ripple effects today," said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles.
Several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, which may be due to some year-end profit-taking, James said. Among them, Apple was down 2.4 per cent, while GoPro shares were down 5.3 per cent.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 118.34 points, or 0.66 per cent, to 17,840.45, the S&P 500 lost 16.76 points, or 0.81 per cent, to 2,058.61 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 47.53 points, or 0.99 per cent, to 4,733.22.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,197 to 870, for a 2.53-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,942 issues fell and 772 advanced for a 2.52-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
Concerns over the global economy were offset by signs of strength in the US economy, including Friday's payrolls report. The S&P 500 closed Friday's session with its 49th record of the year, and is up more than 11 per cent from an October low.
McDonald's shares lost 3.7 per cent after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Modi wins TIME readers poll for Person of the Year titleDec 09, 2014, 07.11 AM IST  | Source: PTI
Modi wins TIME readers poll for Person of the Year title
Modi, who "entered office this year on the promise of reviving the country's economy", however has not made it to the list of eight finalists shortlisted by TIME editors for the 2014 Person of the Year title, which will be announced on Wednesday
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi wins TIME readers poll for Person of the Year title
Modi, who "entered office this year on the promise of reviving the country's economy", however has not made it to the list of eight finalists shortlisted by TIME editors for the 2014 Person of the Year title, which will be announced on Wednesday
Post your opinion here
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who did not make it to the final eight selected by TIME for the annual 'Person of the Year' title, has been hailed as one by its readers in an online poll conducted by the publication.
Modi has been named winner of this year's readers' poll for TIME 'Person of the Year', securing more than 16 per cent of the almost five million votes cast.
Protesters in Ferguson, who were demonstrating against a grand jury's decision not to indict white police officer Darren Wilson who shot and killed unarmed black teenager
Michael Brown in August ranked second with 9 per cent of the votes.
TIME said "a strong showing of readers from India" helped drive Modi's first-place finish.
"More people from the country voted than from any other country, with the exception of the United States," it said.
Readers from more than 225 countries participated in the online poll, with US votes leading the tally at 37 per cent, followed by India at 17 per cent, and Russia at 12 per cent.
TIME said Modi became Prime Minister in May after securing a landslide victory on a "platform of rebooting India'sstalling economy."
"But his detractors have questioned his past record," it added.
Hong Kong protest leader Joshua Wong, Nobel Peace Prize-winner Malala Yousafzai and the doctors and nurses treating Ebola rounded out the top five.
A majority of votes, 60 per cent, came from desktop computers. Just over 35 per cent came from mobile devices, and 4.5 per cent of readers voted on tablets.
Modi, who "entered office this year on the promise of reviving the country's economy", however has not made it to the list of eight finalists shortlisted by TIME editors for
the 2014 Person of the Year title, which will be announced on Wednesday.
Names of the eight finalists were announced by TIME editor Nancy Gibbs today.
Making it to the final eight are founder and CEO of the Alibaba Group Jack Ma, Apple CEO Tim Cook, pop star Taylor Swift, Ferguson protestors, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ebola caregivers, National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell and President of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq Masoud Barzani.
The annual honour, that has been bestowed by the magazine since 1927, goes to the person who "most influenced the news" during the year "for better or worse."
Modi was among the 50 global leaders, business chiefs and pop icons named as contenders for the annual honour.
In a separate "Face-off" poll, Modi had been pitted against Indonesia's new president Joko Widodo. In this poll also, Modi maintained a significant lead and garnered 69 per
cent votes in his favor as against Widodo's 31 per cent. 
RELATED NEWS

Gold eases as firm dollar  weak crude dent safe-haven charmDec 09, 2014, 07.18 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Gold eases as firm dollar, weak crude dent safe-haven charm
Gold jumped more than 1 percent on Monday on a brief surge of late-day technical buying as it breached the $1,200-per-ounce level long after the U.S. dollar dropped from a more than five-year high
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold eases as firm dollar, weak crude dent safe-haven charm
Gold jumped more than 1 percent on Monday on a brief surge of late-day technical buying as it breached the $1,200-per-ounce level long after the U.S. dollar dropped from a more than five-year high
Post your opinion here
 
Gold gave up some of its overnight gains on Tuesday as the dollar recovered from losses and oil prices weakened, dulling the metal's appeal as a hedge.
 FUNDAMENTALS
* Spot gold had slipped 0.2 percent to $1,200.26 an ounce by 0036 GMT.
* Gold jumped more than 1 percent on Monday on a brief surge of late-day technical buying as it breached the $1,200-per-ounce level long after the U.S. dollar dropped from a more than five-year high.
* But the dollar recovered on Tuesday and was higher against a basket of major currencies.
* A stronger greenback makes dollar-denominated gold more expensive for holders of other currencies and also decreases its appeal as an alternative investment.
* Softer oil prices have also hurt gold's appeal as a hedge against oil-led inflation. Oil slumped to fresh five-year lows on Monday. [O/R]
* Investor sentiment has been largely bearish. Holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, fell 0.25 percent to 719.12 tonnes on Monday.
* Cues for the day will also come from U.S. economic data that would indicate strength of the recovery and how soon the Federal Reserve could increase rates.
* Strong data and higher rates could provide a further boost to the dollar and hurt non-interest-bearing bullion.
* In gold mining news, Zijin Mining Group Co Ltd, China's largest listed gold producer, is buying nearly a 10 percent stake in Pretium Resources Inc, a small Canadian miner developing one of the highest grade gold finds in recent times.
 MARKET NEWS
* U.S. and European stocks fell on Monday after weak Chinese and Japanese data stoked worries about slowing global economic growth, while oil prices sank to five-year lows on expectations of oversupply into 2015.
 

SpiceJet cancels 1 800 flightsSpiceJet cancels 1 800 flights
PRECIOUS-Gold eases as firmer dollar  weak oil prices dent safe-haven appealPRECIOUS-Gold eases as firmer dollar  weak oil prices dent safe-haven appeal
More than $150 billion of oil projects face the axe in 2015Updated: December 7, 2014 22:10 IST
More than $150 billion of oil projects face the axe in 2015
Ron Bousso
oil and gas - upstream activities
Global oil and gas exploration projects worth more than $150 billion are likely to be put on hold next year as plunging oil prices render them uneconomic, data show, potentially curbing supplies by the end of the decade.
As big oil fields that were discovered decades ago begin to deplete, oil companies are trying to access more complex and hard to reach fields located in some cases deep under sea level. But at the same time, the cost of production has risen sharply given the rising cost of raw materials and the need for expensive new technology to reach the oil.
Now the outlook for onshore and offshore developments — from the Barents Sea to the Gulf or Mexico — looks as uncertain as the price of oil, which has plunged by 40 per cent in the last five months to around $70 a barrel.
Next year companies will make final investment decisions (FIDs) on a total of 800 oil and gas projects worth $500 billion and totalling nearly 60 billion barrels of oil equivalent, according to data from Norwegian consultancy Rystad Energy.
But with analysts forecasting oil to average $82.50 a barrel next year, around one third of the spending, or a fifth of the volume, is unlikely to be approved, head of analysis at Rystad Energy Per Magnus Nysveen said.
“At $70 a barrel, half of the overall volumes are at risk,” he said.
Around one third of the projects scheduled for FID in 2015 are so-called unconventional, where oil and gas are extracted using horizontal drilling, in what is known as fracking, or mining.
Of those 20 billion barrels, around half are located in Canada’s oil sands and Venezuela’s tar sands, according to Mr. Nysveen.
Geographically, the projects on the balance are widespread.
Chevron’s North Sea Rosebank project is among those with a shaky future and a decision on whether to go ahead with it will likely be pushed late into 2015 as the company assesses its economics, analysts said.
Even with oil at $120 a barrel, the economics of some projects around the world were in doubt as development costs soared in recent years. Chevron’s Rosebank project has already been delayed for several years.
Norway’s Statoil this week said it had postponed until next October — a six-month delay — a decision to invest $5.74 billion in the Snorre field in the Norwegian Sea as its profitability was under threat.
New oil fields typically require four to five years to be developed and billions before the first drop of oil is produced.
Any cutbacks in oil production bodes ill for international oil companies that are already struggling to replace depleting reserves as exploration becomes harder and discoveries smaller. It also points to tighter supplies by the end of the decade.
Projects in Canada’s oil sands, which require expensive and complex extraction techniques, are the most unlikely to go ahead given their high investment requirements and relatively slow returns.
Total recently decided to postpone the FID on the Joslyn project in Alberta. Shell’s liquefied natural gas (LNG) project in Canada’s British Columbia, already under pressure from a looming supply surge, faces further strain in the current price environment, analysts said. According to research by Citi, the project requires oil at $80 a barrel to break even.
Royal Dutch Shell’s chief financial officer Henry Simon indicated in October that it was ‘less likely’ to go ahead with unconventional projects in West Canada if oil falls below $80 a barrel.
Asked by Reuters what the company’s current thinking was, a Shell spokesman would not comment on ‘internal decision-making’.
Even in the Gulf of Mexico, one of the most attractive oil production areas in the world, projects are facing challenges.
BP last year put on hold a decision on its Mad Dog Phase 2 deep water project in the Gulf of Mexico after its development costs ballooned to $20 billion and the oil major is now expected to further delay an investment on the field's development.
“BP were talking positively about bringing it back, but now it may be put on hold,’’ BMO Capital Markets analyst Iain Reid said. — Reuters

Sebi considers penalties to prevent self-tradesSebi considers penalties to prevent self-trades
Jayshree P Upadhyay | Mumbai Dec 08, 2014 10:50 PM IST
Concerned that ‘self-trades’ are disturbing market equilibrium, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) is planning penal action against market participants doing this.
Sources say the market regulator has seen an increase in such trades, with the aim of creating artificial volumes and to manipulate prices. Trades where the buyer and seller are the same and not resulting in a change of ownership are termed self-trades. Typically, these occur when multiple dealers from the same broking house carry out trades using the same client code.
“The issue was discussed at a recent meeting of Sebi’s secondary market advisory committee (SMAC). Based on the recommendations, Sebi plans to penalise brokers and traders found to be executing self-trades,” said a person close to the development.
REGULATOR IN ACTION
Sebi mulls penalising self-trades; based on recommendation of an expert panel
Its investigation department raised alert over such trades terming them as ‘manipulative’
Traders, brokers seek prevention of self-trades instead of penalising trades without any malicious intent
Market participants suggest pre-trade checks at exchange level to prevent such trades
Currently, there is no bar on self-trades — they are not always fictitious in nature and are part of normal trading activity. The market regulator, however, takes action against entities doing this with mala fide intent under its Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to Securities Market Regulations.
Sebi has conveyed its intent to market players and the latter have protested. In a letter to Sebi, market participants have argued that imposing penalties on self-trades could fall in the realm of arbitrary regulatory action because in many cases there is no mala fide intent to manipulate the market dynamics.
“Penalising in cases of self-trades without going into the merit of each case would be detrimental to genuine market transactions,” said a participant, who declined to be named.
Market players argue that foreign portfolio investors and mutual funds often use the secondary market route to transfer holdings from one scheme to another. In these cases, the custodian on both the sell and buy side would be same, resulting in self-trades. Similarly, a dealer can place the buy and sell order for the same stock in one day to get the advantage of intra-day price movement but without knowing that the orders might get matched.
“It is not possible for brokers to prevent self-trade from occurring altogether. Trades are executed in an exchange’s order matching systems. Once an order is accepted by the trading system, it is not possible for the broker to have control over who the counter-party is at the time of matching of that trade, as the trading engine finds and matches orders based on price time priority,” the letter said.
Market participants have asked the regulator to increase its checks and balances to curb self-trades that are fictitious in nature. They have suggested mechanisms used by leading global stock exchanges including the New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq.
“To prevent a potential self-trade, a Personal Account Number (PAN) check is needed at the pre-trade level. This would entail technical challenges that need to be sorted at the exchange level,” said an SMAC member, on condition of anonymity.

ONGC to drill 45 wells in KG-BasinONGC to spend Rs 16,200 cr to drill 45 wells in KG-Basin
PTI     Hyderabad    Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 12:35 IST
State-owned ONGC is set to develop 45 drilling wells at a block in Krishna-Godavari basin at an estimated cost of Rs over Rs 16,000 crore.
The oil and gas major has approached the Ministry of Environment and Forests seeking clearance for preparing terms of References, according to the minutes of meeting of Expert Appraisal Committee.
"It is proposed to carry out development drilling in Northern Discovery Region by drilling 45 numbers of wells including oil, gas and water injection wells. The proposed drilling locations are more than 25 kms distance i.e. 12 nautical miles away from the coast line. Total cost of the project is Rs 16,200 crore," according to the minutes.
ONGC will begin production in 2019, with a peak output of 4.5 million tonnes a year, 20 per cent more than the previous estimates. The oil discovery in Krishna Godavari basin block KG-DWN-98/2 or KG-D5 will be the first large oil production from the east coast.
The block also has 10 gas discoveries, ONGC had earlier said. KG-D 5 sits next to Reliance Industries' producing KG-DWN-98/3 or KG-D6 area.
KG-D5 is divided into a Northern Discovery Area (NDA) and Southern Discovery Area (SDA).
Investment in NDA may be at least $9 billion, a senior company official had said, adding that it holds an estimated 92.30 million tonnes of oil reserves and 97.568 billion cubic metres of in place gas reserves spread over seven fields.
ONGC bought 90 per cent interest in Block KG-DWN-98/2 from Cairn Energy India Ltd in 2005. Cairn subsequently relinquished its remaining 10 per cent interest in favour of ONGC.
According to the minutes, "Produced hydrocarbons shall be evacuated by utilisation of GSPC infrastructure for the produced gas from cluster-1 of NDA & G-4 of PML. The produced gas from Cluster-II is planned to be transported by sub-sea pipeline to an onshore terminal through landfall point to nearest coastline of Odalarevu.
"The produced oil from clustered-II is planned to be transported to an FPSO (Floating Production, Storage and Offloading) and after processing to be sent to Refineries by tankers."

Public shareholders get Rs 588 cr open offers in OctPublic shareholders get Rs 588 cr open offers in Oct
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 15:14 IST
After a brief lull, listed companies made open offers worth Rs 588 crore to public shareholders in October, the second-highest level seen in the first seven months of current financial year.
According to the latest data compiled by Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), the capital markets regulator approved a total of six open offers for shares worth Rs 588 crore in October compared to two public offers with total value of Rs 13.7 crore in the preceding month.
The value of open offers in October is the second highest for a month in 2014-15 after open offers worth Rs 12,549 crore in June. The value of open offers during April-October 2014 touched Rs 13,588 crore.
However, the total value till October this year is 66 per cent less than Rs 39,789 crore of open offers witnessed in the same period year-ago.
Open offers are made by company promoters and other entities for either consolidation of their holdings, as part of substantial acquisition or change in control of management in publicly listed companies.
As per the data, most of the open offers in October were meant towards change in control of management. A total of five issues worth Rs 571 crore were made towards this objective.
One open offer issue valued at Rs 17 crore was made with the objective for substantial acquisition of shares while no offer was made towards consolidation of holdings in the month.
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) rules require a mandatory open offer for minority shareholders in the event of any major change in the promoter holding of a listed company, including in the wake of any direct or indirect acquisition of 25 per cent.
Such open offers are required for acquisition of up to 26 per cent stake from public shareholders.

Nifty closes below 8450...IT  realty dragNifty closes below 8450...IT, realty drag
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 08, 2014 16:11 IST
The Nifty tumbled to a low of 8,432 - down 114 points from the day's high, and finally ended with a huge loss of 100 points at 8,438.
 
 
The Indian equity market extended their losses to second consecutive trading session on Monday amid some offloading witnessed in the IT, realty, banking, auto and power stocks. 
 
Infosys and TCS accounted for almost half of the day's losses for the benchmark indices; Sensex slumped 339 points, while Nifty shed 100 points.
 
The CNX IT index cracked over 3 per cent to 11,176 owing to the sharp fall in Infosys. The IT bellwether plunged around 5 per cent on reports that the co-founders of the company sold stocks worth $ 1.1 billion (nearly Rs 6,500 crore) in multiple block deals on the NSE for personal, philanthropic reasons. 
 
Incidentally, the reported stake sale is just comes a few days after the stock went ex-bonus. The company had issued bonus shares in the ratio of 1:1, and the allotment of the bonus shares was done on December 3, 2014.
 
Infosys opened with a negative gap of 2.7 per cent at Rs 2,069, and tanked to Rs 1,958. The stock eventually ended near the day's low with a loss of 4.8 per cent at Rs. 1,972. In the process, the stock has plunged by 9.3 per cent since it went ex-bonus.
 
The NSE Nifty opened almost unchanged at 8,539, and could barely move a tad higher to the day's high at 8,546 before slipping into the negative zone. Relentless selling pressure thereafter saw the NSE index slide as the day progressed.
 
The Nifty tumbled to a low of 8,432 - down 114 points from the day's high, and finally ended with a huge loss of 100 points at 8,438. This is the biggest single day loss for the NSE index since October 16, 2014. 
 
The Sensex opened 25 points lower at 28,433, and spurted to a high of 28,495, before slipping back into the negative zone. The BSE Sensex slumped to a low of 28,097 - down 398 points from the day's high, and finally ended with a loss of 1.2 per cent (339 points) at 28,119.
 
The broader market also finished with deep cuts today. The CNX Midcap and the Smallcap indices dropped over a per cent each to 12,529 and 5,279, respectively.
 
The India VIX (Volatility Index) moved 2.2 per cent higher to 12.2075.
 
The market breadth was fairly bearish - out of 1,176 stocks traded on the NSE, 818 declined while 330 advanced today.
 
The Bank Nifty was down 1.3 per cent at 18,510. Kotak Bank was the sole stock to finish in green, while Federal Bank, Bank of India, Yes Bank and Bank of Baroda were the significant losers - down over 2 per cent each.
 
The Auto and the Realty indices dropped 1.6 per cent and 2.1 per cent, respectively. Ashok Leyland, Amtek Auto and Mahindra & Mahindra were the major losers in the auto sector, down over 3 per cent each. 
 
Similarly, Sobha Developers, Prestige Estate, Indiabulls Realestate, HDIL and Unitech were the top losers among the realty stocks, down over 3 per cent each.
 
The CNX Metal index shed 1.8 per cent at 2,758. Sesa Sterlite was the major loser in the metal space, down nearly 4 per cent at Rs. 232 after a foreign broking firm downgraded the stock with a reduced price target.
 
Jindal Steel and Jindal Saw plunged around 3.5 per cent each to Rs. 147 and Rs. 108, respectively. Hindalco declined over 3 per cent to Rs. 158. JSW Steel, Hindustan Copper and Tata Steel also ended with losses or more than 2 per cent each.
 
Defensive bets Pharma and FMCG were a mixed lot, while FMCG index was up 0.7 per cent at 21,375, the Pharma index slipped 0.3 per cent to 11,113. 
 
Pfizer and Wyeth scaled to fresh 52-week highs today after the companies announced the record date for the proposed amalgamation. The former finally ended 2.3 per cent higher at Rs. 2,010, while the latter added 3.7 per cent to Rs. 1,357. 
 
Aurobindo Pharma was the other major gainer in the pharma space, the stock rallied over 3 per cent to Rs. 1,162. 
 
Dr.Reddy's, however, continued to be slammed down. The stock today declined 2.4 per cent to Rs. 3,317, and has now slumped over 8.5 per cent in the last five trading sessions.
 
Among other Nifty 50 stocks - Ambuja Cement and BPCL were down around 3 per cent each at Rs. 230 and Rs. 690, respectively. HCL Technologies, Grasim, BHEL, Tata Motors and Larsen & Toubro were the other major losers.
 
HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, Lupin, IDFC and Wipro too were down 1.5 per cent each.
 
On the other hand, Coal India was the top gainer, up nearly 2 per cent at Rs. 363. ITC gained 1.6 per cent at Rs. 398. Asian Paints and ONGC were the other notable gainers.

Fitch: World Recovery increasingly dependent on US Growth EngineFitch: World Recovery increasingly dependent on US Growth Engine
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 08, 2014 16:43 IST
Fitch's latest forecasts for world GDP growth (weighted at market exchange rates) are 2.5% in 2014
 
 
Fitch Ratings says in its latest Global Economic Outlook (GEO) that global growth is uneven, but will strengthen in 2015 and 2016. A buoyant US economy is the main engine of global growth, while the recovery continues to falter in the eurozone, Japan and many large emerging markets. Overall, the global growth outlook has marginally weakened since September's GEO and risks remain skewed to the downside.
Fitch's latest forecasts for world GDP growth (weighted at market exchange rates) are 2.5% in 2014, the same as in 2013, picking up to 2.9% in 2015 and 3% 2016. Compared with the September GEO the forecasts are 0.1pp lower for 2015 and 2016, mainly due to emerging markets (EM).
For the US economy, Fitch maintains its forecast of robust GDP growth of 3.1% in 2015 and 3% in 2016, the strongest among major advanced economies (MAE), up from 2.3% in 2014. The economy expanded at a rapid annualised 3.9% in 3Q14. Private consumption will be a key growth driver, supported by rising household disposable income and a strengthening labour market. Unemployment dropped to 5.8% in October, below the level originally targeted by the Fed as a trigger for raising interest rates and getting close to Fed estimates of the "natural rate".
The eurozone recovery remains fragile, with weakness widespread across member countries in both the periphery and the core. The last two quarters witnessed a marked slowdown in Germany, where yoy growth sagged to 1.2% in 3Q14 from 2.3% in 1Q14. A pick-up in German demand will be vital for the eurozone outlook. We now project eurozone growth of 0.8% in 2014 and 1.1% in 2015, down 0.1pp and 0.3pp respectively from September's GEO. Growth for 2016 is unchanged at 1.5%. Despite an environment of highly accommodative ECB monetary policy and broadly neutral fiscal position, growth is being weighed down by private sector deleveraging, structural bottlenecks and spill-over from geopolitical risks. High unemployment will persist and remain above 11% until 2016.
The gap between headline and core inflation will widen globally in the near-term as lower energy prices increase downward pressures on headline inflation rates. Fitch's latest projections for eurozone inflation are 0.6% in 2014, 0.9% in 2015 and 1.3% in 2016. Under our base case the eurozone will avoid protracted deflation. But it remains a meaningful risk, in view of current low inflation, weak demand and the potential for self-reinforcing dynamics, given below-target inflation expectations.
Lower oil prices will boost global growth. Fitch has cut its forecast for Brent oil prices to USD100pb in 2014, USD83pb in 2015 and USD90pb in 2016, following the sharp drop in recent months and OPEC's failure to take action to reverse it. We expect prices to rise from current levels as demand picks up, in line with our assumption of stronger global GDP growth in 2015 and 2016, and lower production. A 20% fall in oil prices will boost the level of global GDP by around 0.3% over two years, but will create big losers as well as winners. This edition's alternative scenario explores the impact of a scenario of oil dropping a further 20%.
EM face larger and more persistent weaknesses than previously expected. Fitch forecasts EM growth to slow to 4% in 2014 from 4.7% in 2013, before edging up to 4.1% in 2015 and 4.5% in 2016. Brazil entered a technical recession earlier this year and Fitch expects another challenging year in 2015 with GDP growth of just 1%, as the new government tightens economic policies to address the imbalances that have developed in recent years and to revive confidence. Russia will fall into recession in 2015 with GDP contracting 1.5% under the combined weight of western sanctions, sharply lower oil prices and tightening financial conditions. Investment remains firmly in negative territory, real wage growth is close to zero and household demand is marking time.
China's slowdown is structural and we expect GDP growth to moderate to 7.3% in 2014, 6.8% in 2015 and 6.5% in 2016 as it gradually rebalances while seeking to contain leverage. India will be the only BRIC country where growth picks up in 2014 to 5.6% and accelerates to 6.5% in 2015 and 6.8% in 2016, owing to the government's reforms to the business environment.
Japan's unexpected economic contraction in 3Q14 has led Fitch to cut its short-term GDP forecast. We now forecasts 2014 real GDP at 0.8%, a downward revision of 0.6pp from September. However, we believe some of the drag is temporary and that a broader range of factors remain conducive to stronger growth, and on this basis have revised up our 2015 forecast to 1.5% from 1.3%. The 2016 forecast is unchanged at 1.3%. Higher wage growth is central to Japan's prospects of sustaining higher real and nominal GDP growth.
Growth in the UK has been strong and broad-based. Fitch maintains its forecast that growth will slow from 3% in 2014 to 2.6% in 2015 and 2.3% in 2016, as it converges on its medium-term potential rate of 2%-2.25%. The base case is for nominal wage growth to pick up as labour market slack is absorbed and the currently weak productivity growth improves, in line with previous cyclical recoveries.
An absence of inflationary pressures, despite tightening labour markets, implies the Fed and Bank of England will follow a slower monetary policy tightening path. Key global interest rates will remain low over the medium term, below 2% at least until 2016. Our current base case is for the ECB to hold off quantitative easing (QE) involving sovereign bonds, given our baseline for a gradual recovery, stable core inflation and high institutional hurdles to QE.

Spicejet: Our fleet is currently 37 aircraft  well above limit of 20.Spicejet: Our fleet is currently 37 aircraft, well above limit of 20.
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 08, 2014 08:33 IST
It has been reported is some newspapers that SpiceJet's international flying rights may be in jeopardy as our fleet may fall to below 20 aircraft. This is absolutely incorrect and false information, as our fleet is currently 37 aircraft, well above the limit of 20.
 
Spicejet Ltd has given clarification on some reports.
It has been reported is some newspapers that SpiceJet's international flying rights may be in jeopardy as our fleet may fall to below 20 aircraft. The airline clarified that this is absolutely incorrect and false information, as our fleet is currently 37 aircraft, well above the limit of 20. These newspapers neglect that fact we also have 15 Bombardier Q400s in our fleet in addition to 22 Boeing 737s.  
It has been reported in some media that our payables to suppliers is Rs 1600cr, and that we have been directed by the DGCA to clear these payments by Dec 15.  First, our payables to suppliers is significantly less than the Rs 1600cr number being erroneously quoted.  Second, the DGCA has not asked for all payables to be cleared by Dec 15, it has asked for a payment plan to be shared with them by Dec 15. 
 It has also been reported in some publications the SpiceJet's fleet reduction is somehow related to its discount fare sales strategy.  Once again we want to emphasize that it has nothing to do with our pricing strategy or operational performance.  Our new business and pricing strategy, adopted in early 2014, looks to boost loads through advance purchase sales to ensure we fly as few empty seats as possible, and boost yields through close-in pricing. This is global best practice for LCCs, and SpiceJet's advance discount sales strategy has resulted in revenue increase of 15% in the last quarter year-on-year, more than double the rate of capacity (ASK) increase.  It resulted in unit revenue (RASK) increase of 12% YOY for the quarter, a feat that is not easy to achieve YOY anywhere in the world.  It resulted in losses for the last quarter being reduced 50% year-on-year.  It has resulted in market growth of 15-25% YOY each month due to SpiceJet-led demand stimulation, with significant benefits to the travel ecosystem and the overall economy.  Once again, there is absolutely no connection between our operating performance and pricing strategy, and our current fleet re-sizing.  Those who make this false connection either choose ignore the facts that are clearly seen in the data, or do not understand basic airline operating and revenue metrics.
There have also been some media comments relating to heightened safety oversight.  SpiceJet wants to emphasize that safety is its top priority, and it has never, and will never, take short cuts on safety. It is proud of its unblemished safety record in over 9 years of operation. Every day we put ourselves and our own family members on our flights, with complete confidence as we know there is nothing to worry about regarding safety, there is no compromise on it.  The Hon'ble Minister himself has stated to the media that the safety oversight was a routine process, and was not related to any specific safety issues or concerns.
SpiceJet again appeals to the media to please cross-check their claims and information from unnamed "sources" and experts with us before publishing what could be false and misleading information.  If you have a contrary opinion from others, please balance it by checking the actual data and seeking our inputs too, that is the essence of fair reporting. This is the time for the media to be a positive influence in ensuring accurate information is disseminated to the public, and not sensational and false or motivated information from unnamed "sources" which does disservice to all stakeholders and the public at large.

Month after Modi s campaign  Varanasi s Assi ghat still awaits a faceliftpicture  others
Month after Modi’s campaign, Varanasi’s Assi ghat still awaits a facelift
A month after Prime Minister Narendra Modi kicked off the cleanliness drive at Assi Ghat in Varanasi, little progress has been made for its restoration. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
Nearly 60-feet high silt had got collected at Assi ghat after rise in water level of Ganga in last monsoon season. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
Launching the campaign last month, Modi had said that various social organizations have assured that entire ghat will get cleaned within a month. However, nothing much seems to have changed on the ground. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
Workers cleaning the Assi ghat. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
While launching the drive, Modi had removed silt for nearly six minutes in presence of other BJP leaders and officials of district administration. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
Modi had nominated nine members to continue the campaign. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
Silt gets collected at the ghat after every rainy season. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
Official had earlier said that there would be nearly 40,000 trucks of silt that has covered the stairs of ghat. (Source: Express photo by Anand Singh)
Related

DGCA asks Spicejet to stop advance bookings beyond a monthLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
DGCA asks Spicejet to stop advance bookings beyond a month
CNBC-TV18 learns from sources that the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has asked the airline to stop advance bookings beyond a month.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
There is more turbulence for the beleaguered airline Spicejet . CNBC-TV18 learns from sources that the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has asked the airline to stop advance bookings beyond a month.
DGCA on Monday wrote an email to SpiceJet asking it why the airline continues to offer advanced bookings beyond a month. At its website, the airline continues to offer fares till even October 2015, this is what the DGCA is most unhappy about and they have written to the airline asking it why its dictat has not been followed and they can follow it up with a show cause notice tomorrow.
The airline’s COO Sanjiv Kapoor told CNBC-TV18 that they are still in discussion with the regulator on whether this advance booking beyond a month should be banned or not but as of now there seems to be some kind of a displeasure that the DGCA is showing. Kapoor has also said earlier that stopping advance bookings is like stopping a third of the airlines revenues and it is going to impact them badly when their revenues are already drying up.
DGCA’s action will not immediately lead to any particular reason to believe that their licence could be cancelled. However, if there is a show cause notice tomorrow then this could lead to a series of steps where even the license of the airline could be cancelled at some point in time if it does not work in amicable solution with the DGCA.
Spicejet is expected to give a status update on all the other points that the DGCA had asked them to comply with.
RELATED NEWS

Reliance Industries among Barclays  top 133 stock picks for 2015Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays’ top 133 stock picks from across the world for 2015.
Other Indian firms in the list include HDFC Bank, homegrown pharma major Lupin and Voltas.
In its report ‘Global Top Picks’, Barclays expects the current bull market in global equities to continue, generating a total return of 9 per cent in 2015.
RIL was the only stock pick in energy segment in Asia, while Bharti and Lupin were the only ones in telecommunication and healthcare segments.
HDFC Bank shared space with China Cinda Asset Management Co, China Life and China Resources while TCS had Lenovo, LG, Media Tek and Largan Precision for company under technology head.
Barclays’ global picks included 54 US stocks, 40 from Europe and Middle East, 23 from Asia (excluding Japan) and 16 from Japan.
Predicting nearly doubling of earnings per share (EPS) and return on capital employed (ROCE) for RIL by 2021, it said the catalysts for growth should fall into place in the next 6 to 12 months as the company completes its USD 16 billion refining and petrochemical projects and launches its USD 12 billion telecom project.
“A rebound in domestic (oil and gas) exploration and production (E&P) may help too should the government reassess its gas price decision,” it said, adding, “the macro environment appears supportive as well with downstream margins rising despite lower oil prices.”
It expects RIL to launch its telecom venture by early 2015, the first module of its pet-coke gasification project (one of its two key downstream projects) in September 2015 and the new refinery off-gas based olefin cracker by March 2016.
On HDFC Bank, Barclays said the bank “remains well positioned to benefit from a macro recovery owing to its strong deposit franchise, clean balance sheet and increased investment spending.”
Retail growth has been broad-based across key segments (personal loans, credit cards), and about 80 per cent of its fees are retail-related (which is best-in-class), it said, adding that HDFC Bank had little exposure to project finance, an area of system-wide stress.
On Tata Consultancy Services, Barclays said the company is likely to outpace industry growth led by strength in large deal wins and continued efforts in account mining.
While TCS is well positioned to benefit from high-growth Infrastructure Management Services (IMS) and Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) space, the company management is also focusing on increasing presence in digital technologies â€“ a key emerging area in the IT services space, it said.
Bharti Airtel, it said, is likely to be the biggest beneficiary of constructive, competitive and regulatory dynamics in the Indian telecom sector.
Barclays expects Lupin to deliver among highest revenue and earnings compounded annual growth rates and consolidate its position as one of the top generics firms in the US.
It expects a cyclical rebound in earnings for Voltas from recovery in project segment margins as low-margin orders are completed and high-margin orders commence apart from continued strength in the cooling product business aided by market share gains.
“At the start of 2014, investors were concerned about how risk assets would adjust to less accommodative central bank policies across the world, and Fed policy withdrawal in particular.
“Defying expectations, asset prices moved in opposite direction to the consensus view: fixed income rallied and US equities outperformed,” Barclays said in the report.
Weak growth outside the US, low oil prices and deflationary pressures should allow for easy monetary policy to continue in Europe and Japan, it added.
TAGS: Barclays Bharti Airtel Reliance Industries
More from indianmarkets

Cong brings politics to Uber cabs Delhi rape caseHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
Questioning Narendra Modi government’s claims of ‘Achche din’ in India in the wake of the Uber cabs Delhi rape case, the Mahila Congress workers today staged a protest against increasing number of crimes against women and demanded stern action against the culprits.
“There has been a steep increase of 15.25 per cent atrocities against women in the country, especially in Delhi. Four cases of rape are registered on a daily basis and many more goes unregistered. What have the authorities and government done?” asked Shobha Oza, President and spokesperson of AIMC.
Raising slogans against Modi Government, members of Mahila Congress pushed the barricades and questioned how a commoner will respect the laws in this country when their own ministers don’t comply with the laws.
“Nihal Chand has a rape case lodged against him…Session court is looking for him, police is looking for him and he still continues to be a minister. All this clearly shows that government is totally insensitive to woman atrocities,” Oza alleged.
Citing the case of the 32-year-old cabbie who allegedly raped an executive on Friday night, one of the members of the Mahila Congress talked about the inaction on the part of government to check such cases.
“Jo garajte hai wo baraste nahi. They talk about having 56 inch chest but they don’t seem to be capable of even saving their mothers and daughters” another worker said.
Dr Onika Mehrotra, State President, Mahila Congress said that despite protests by various groups, crime in the city continues to take place because of the lack of implementation of safety measures.
TAGS: Delhi Narendra Modi Rape Uber
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Mumbai attack mastermind Hafiz Saeed s Twitter account suspendedAfter voice and video calling, the social messaging app is now adding social gaming to its platform.
LeT chief Hafiz Saeed's Twitter account suspended
New Delhi, December 08, 2014
First Published: 21:06 IST(8/12/2014)
print
Hafiz Saeed, the head of Jamaat-ud-Dawa and Mumbai attacks mastermind, gestures to the media as he arrives to attend a rally organised by the Defence Council of Pakistan in Peshawar. (Reuters file photo)
Micro-blogging site Twitter suspended terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) founder and Mumbai terror attack mastermind Hafiz Saeed's Twitter account on Monday for violating its policies following pressure from the US government, senior government sources told Hindustan Times.
Saeed, who has been on Twitter for over two years, had been tweeting under the handle @HafizSaeedJUD, or Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD), an organisation created after the US government declared the LeT a terrorist organisation. While the main JuD handle was suspended, two other handles related to the JuD -- Falah-e-Insaniat Foundation (FiF) and JuD Arabic -- continued to operate.
The US government, already grappling with growing evidence of fundamentalist groups using social media to recruit for militant groups such as Islamic State, decided to increase pressure for the suspension of the account, sources said.
"We have had some discussions with the US during our bilateral talks with the US on the presence of elements inimical to Indian interests, but we never discussed a suspension," a senior Indian security official told HT. "We have received information through informal channels that the US government worked with Twitter for the suspension."
According to the official, the US worked on the suspension unilaterally and convinced Twitter to shut down Saeed's account. This was confirmed by at least two other security officials.
Twitter India declined to comment on the suspension. "We do not comment on individual accounts, for privacy and security reasons. We do not proactively monitor content on the platform. We review all reported accounts against our rules, which prohibit direct, specific threats of violence against others," said the official Twitter India spokeperson.
The Twitter account was suspended days after Saeed told supporters Pakistanis should come forward and help the Kashmiris in getting "freedom" from India. His comments followed a string of militant attacks in Kashmir, including one on an army camp in Uri that led to the deaths of several Indian security personnel.
 
Describing himself as the Ameer of the JuD, Saeed frequently abused the Indian government on his Twitter handle. When Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the United Nations general assembly recently, Saeed took to Twitter to abuse India's statements. The JuD was banned as a terrorist front organisation after the Mumbai attacks through a UNSC resolution.
The LeT masterminded the terror attack on Mumbai in 2008 that left over 160 people dead. India declared Saeed of the most-wanted terrorists and has repeatedly sought his custody from Pakistan. However, Pakistan continues to deny his role in the 26/11 attack and allows him to roam freely in the country, building support for the LeT.

Satyam s Raju gets 6 months in jail  fined Rs 10LComments
An economic offences court here has sentenced Satyam founder B Ramalinga Raju and three other former executives of the IT giant to six months imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs. 10 lakh on each.
The convicted include Raju’s brother Rama Raju, Mynampati Ram (both directors) and Vadlamani Srinivas (CFO) who held top positions in the Hyderabad-based company and played an active role in the Satyam fraud. Four other former directors were also convicted but got away with given fines of Rs. 20,000 each.
The Satyam fraud came to light in January 2009 when Ramalinga Raju, till then considered a poster boy of India’s IT success story, admitted to embezzlement and an accounting fraud of more than Rs. 5,000 crore.
Soon after the revelation of the mammoth fraud that shook India’s corporate sector, Raju and others were arrested by the Andhra Pradesh CID. Various agencies like the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Serious Fraud Investigations Office (SFIO) began their individual, parallel investigations into the matter.
After a heart attack, Raju was granted bail in September 2009 by a court. He is currently is out on bail.
The present case pertains to the probe by SFIO for violation of Companies Act provisions by Satyam, which was taken over by Tech Mahindra, a Mahindra & Mahindra group company, via a public auction following the fraud. The two companies formally merged and created a new company called Mahindra Satyam in 2013. When the fraud came to light, Satyam was Inda’s fourth largest IT services company after TCS, Infosys and Wipro.
“The SFIO had conducted the probe, collected evidence against the accused and had filed a private complaint as per the Companies Act. The trial began in 2009 and today the verdict found the accused to be guilty,” Chittaravu Raghu, special prosecutor in the case, told HT.
The court gave Raju and others one month to appeal against its verdict.
The conviction comes as a precursor to the main case in the scam which is beingprobed by the CBI. A judgment in the case is due on December 23.

FII holding in Infosys likely to have hit all-time high of 45%Azim Premji
(Brokers said if Infosys manages…)
MUMBAI: Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) tightened their grip over Infosys on Monday, lapping up a large portion of the shares sold by some of its founders. FII holding in Infosys may have hit an all-time high of around 45% but the stock's popularity among overseas investors is unlikely to wane anytime soon. Cheaper valuations and higher floating stock compared to bigger rival TCS may keep their interest in Infosys going.
"Infosys is the only company FIIs can invest heavily in if they want to hold on to a leader in India's IT space," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, president, Destimoney Securities. Bandyopadhyay said: "Infosys is going the HDFC way". FII shareholding in HDFC touched 74% as on September 30 — the highest for a domestically-listed company.
"Like HDFC where FIIs slowly raised their holding up to the maximum limit, the same will happen in Infosys, too". Investors have appreciated TCS' performance more than its peers like Infosys and Wipro in the last couple of years. But, unlike Infosys, promoters own close to 74% in TCS and Wipro each.
Brokers said if Infosys manages to catch up with TCS on the earnings front under the new management, FIIs may give more weightage to Infosys. Billionaire promoter Azim Premji led investors hold majority stake in Wipro while the Tata Group controls TCS. "Whether FIIs will further raise their stake in Infosys depends on how the new management performs which is the key," said Andrew Holland, CEO, Ambit Investment Advisors.
A look at the past 10-year shareholding pattern of Infosys shows that FII stake in the company has remained constant at around 40%. During the period the collective stake of retail investors has fallen from around 20% to 9% as on September 2014. The promoter stake in the company is down to less than 15% from 26.5% in 2004.
Among the top FII shareholders of Infosys include Oppenheimer, Aberdeen Global, Franklin Templeton, Vanguard Fund, Government of Singapore and Abu Dhabi Investment Authority. LIC is the sole largest domestic shareholder in Infosys with 4.45% stake as per September quarter. Data from Bloomberg showed that Infosys trades at a one-year forward price to earnings (PE) of 18.38 times.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J-K  Jharkhand vote today in third round of assembly pollsComments
More than 6 million people across 17 constituencies in Jharkhand and 16 assembly segments in Jammu and Kashmir will vote Tuesday in the third round of the ongoing state elections.
A security guard monitors proceedings as voters wait to cast their votes outside a polling station near Jharkhand capital Ranchi. (PTI file photo)
In J-K, security forces are on high alert in major districts such as Pulwama, Baramulla and Budgam in the wake of last week's terrorist strikes that left 22 dead, including 11 security men.
All eyes will be on Uri and Tral constituencies, which were hit by the militant violence. The first two phases of elections in the state saw a record turnout of over 70%, with voters ignoring boycott calls by separatists and militant outfits.
Give BJP a chance, PM Modi appeals to Kashmir
The fate of top leaders, including chief minister Omar Abdullah, will be decided in this phase of polling.
The spotlight is on the National Conference (NC) leader's newly chosen constituency, Beerwah, where he contests against opposition Peoples Democratic Party's (PDP) sitting legislator, Muhammad Shafi Wani.
Shia votes, consolidated by the ruling NC over a period of time, are a key to victory in the constituency.
Three of Abdullah's cabinet colleagues -- the NC's Abdul Rahim Rather, Congress' Taj Mohiuddin and the Democratic Party Nationalist's Ghulam Hassan Mir -- face an anti-incumbency test from Charar-e-Sharief, Uri and Tangmarg constituencies.
Buoyed by their stunning successes in recent polls, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is also trying to expand its presence in the militancy-torn state and hopes to win over independents and smaller groups to cobble together a government.
However, the party may not succeed because of the absence of a prominent face.
For the PDP, the challenge is to retain four seats in its stronghold, Pulwama, where it has fielded a new entrant, former banker Haseeb Drabu.
Analysts have said the NC faces a tough time due to an anti-incumbency wave, especially after the September floods.
The focus will also be on Sopore, hometown of hardline Hurriyat chairman Syed Ali Geelani, for poll percentage. Only 19% cast their votes in the 2008 election.
In Jharkhand, too, the third phase will decide the fate of many big political leaders, including a former chief minister and three cabinet ministers.
The mineral-rich state saw record turnouts in the first two phases, when 63.35% and 68.01% cast their ballot, even in areas hit by Maoist violence.
"The voter turnout in the first two phases indicates the turnout will be greater even in the third phase," said Jharkhand chief electoral officer PK Jajoria.
A total of 289 candidates are vying for a spot in the 81-member assembly, including former chief minister Babulal Marandi of the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik and former deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto of the All Jharkhand Students' Union (AJSU) Party.
The Congress is hoping for big gains but will face a tough challenge from the Narendra Modi-led BJP as it seeks to expand its national footprint.
The party is confident of bagging at least 12 seats in the state that has seen nine CMs and has been under President's Rule three times in the 14 years since it came into existence.
The Congress, Rashtriya Janata Dal and the ruling Jharkhand Mukti Morcha will face each other in all 17 constituencies after they ended their 16-month alliance in October. 
The Election Commission has deployed around 41,000 security personnel as Maoists hold sway in at least eight constituencies and declared 1,957 of 5,865 polling stations hyper sensitive.

The fine print: How cab firms wash hands of driversconductWritten by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:12 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 4:23 pm
It’s an icon that many click on without ever bothering to actually read what they are agreeing to. But with Uber facing the heat for the alleged rape of a woman in one of its cabs, the terms and conditions that it asks its customers to agree to online while utilising its services make for interesting reading.
There, the company absolves itself completely of all responsibility and liabilities arising out of the misconduct of drivers including situations that are “potentially unsafe, offensive”.
“Uber does not guarantee the suitability, safety or ability of third party providers. It is solely your responsibility to determine if a third party provider will meet your needs and expectations…. By using the services, you acknowledge that you may be exposed to situations involving third party providers that are potentially unsafe, offensive, harmful to minors, or otherwise objectionable,” says the user terms of Uber.
It’s not just Uber though, other operators too have fallen back on similar lines when it comes to liability.
Meru’s terms and condition states, “The Company shall not be liable / responsible for any illegal conduct of the Drivers of the Cabs. However, the Company recommends you to notify about any complaints that you may have against the Drivers of any Cab.”
But what’s really different in the case of Uber is that it is not an entity registered in India — it runs a business and generates revenue from the country without having a legal presence here. Also, the agreement that customers enter into while accepting the terms and conditions of Uber is with Uber B.V The Netherlands and Uber Technologies, Inc The United States. Even the bill generated by Uber is from UBER B.V.
Legal experts have offered differing opinions on Uber’s operations in India.
Sandeep Parekh of FinSec Law Advisors said there was nothing wrong with the company operating without being registered in India since they only have an App.
But another legal expert, who did not wish to be named, said that ideally the company should not be operating in such a manner and that this issue involves other jurisdictions too.
For customers who want to take legal action against Uber for lapses in service, the company’s terms and conditions state that one can file a case against the company in the jurisdiction of his/her place of residence but also clarifies that the total liability in connection with services for all damages shall not exceed $500 (Rs 30,000).
And in case of any arbitration, the arbitration will be administered by American Arbitration Association.
The RBI had earlier questioned the fact that Uber was not following the mandatory two-step security check for credit card transactions.
An RBI official told The Indian Express that when the transaction is between two entities (passenger and cab driver) based out of India then there was no reason for the money to go abroad as it involves forex transaction.
The company, however, has now begun to comply with the norms, said the RBI Deputy Governor H R Khan on Monday. continued…

CCI clears Ranbaxy-Sun Pharma merger with certain ridersCCI clears Ranbaxy-Sun Pharma merger with certain riders
GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar gets a lift from Fed talk  no relief for oilGLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar gets a lift from Fed talk  no relief for oil
PMO acts to boost doing business rankingPMO acts to boost doing business ranking
ICICI Bank to cap free ATM use from JanICICI Bank to cap free ATM use from Jan
Oxigen to gain from RBI s payments bank normsOxigen to gain from RBI s payments bank norms
Why Uber is banned in Delhi | 2000 drivers at crossroads | CoverageYou are here: Home > Collections
Uber, Ola, TaxiForSure banned in Delhi until they get licence; Other states may follow suit
Harsimran Julka & Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 10.14AM IST
Tags:
Delhi Government
(Uber services operated…)
NEW DELHI: Online taxi-hailing service Uber has been banned from operating its services in Delhi and looks set to face speedbumps in other Indian cities, dealing a crippling blow to its ambitions in the country after its reputation for passenger safety was left shattered by revelations that the driver accused of raping a passenger was a serial offender.
Late on Monday, the Delhi Transport Department issued a public notice saying only Mega Cabs, Meru Cabs, Easy Cabs, Chanson, Yo Cabs and Air Cabs were licensed to operate radio taxis and all other taxi services are illegal till licensed. This would mean other Ubertype app-based taxi services such as OlaCabs and TaxiForSure also stand banned from operating in the national capital region.
Authorities in Delhi on Monday banned Uber's services in the city with immediate effect and also blacklisted the San Franciscobased company's services after it emerged the driver accused in the rape case, 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav , had been jailed for rape in 2011, something that Uber's driver checks missed.
However, despite the ban, Uber services operated as normal on Delhi streets on Monday evening, with drivers taking bookings on the company's mobile app. To add to Uber's misery, home ministry officials said the Centre would soon write to other states to ban the company's services in the 10 cities it presently operates in if it is found violating the Motor Vehicle Rules of 1988, as they said it was in Delhi.
Driver was Jailed in 2011 for Similar Offence
The Delhi ban came on a day Uber was banned from offering its services in the Netherlands or risk paying a fine of 10,000 euros (Rs 7.59 lakh) per violation. A senior Uber official told ET that the company hadn't received any communication about a ban and would contest it in court. Uber's Asia chief Eric Alexander said the company was willing to compensate the woman, set up a call centre to allay safety concerns and even willing to be governed by a regulatory and licensing regime.
"India is a very important market for us," he said, adding that the company would hire third-party agencies to help it with the police verification of its drivers. As the most highly valued US technology startup whose valuation famously more than doubled in just six months to $40 billion battled its worst crisis in India and a global PR disaster, authorities too were left red-faced as it emerged that it was not the company alone that failed to catch Yadav's spotty record.
The Delhi Transport Department, in its notice banning Uber, conceded that it had issued an All-India Tourist Permit to Yadav's taxi on May 28 after "due verification of character and antecedents of the permit holder". In further embarrassment, Uber officials during police questioning produced a so-called 'character certificate' about Yadav that was purportedly issued by the police and which the driver had submitted to the company before enrolling on its network.
However, Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi said the certificate was fake and forgery charges had been added against the accused. Yadav, who was produced in court on Monday which remanded him to three days custody, had spent seven months in jail in 2011 for a similar offence of raping a woman passenger. He was later acquitted of the charge.
The latest episode, in which a 26-year-old MNC executive was allegedly raped on her way back home by the driver, has once again served to highlight the issue of women's safety in India and threatens to snowball into a major issue in Delhi ahead of the assembly elections. There were protests outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh's residence on Monday morning and the case found its way into parliamentary discussions.
The home ministry has now asked the Delhi government to explain how the permit was issued to Yadav. Singh is expected to make a detailed statement in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday. Meanwhile, Uber, whose business practices have in the past earned it the ire of many, said it would "work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs".
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery," CEO Travis Kalanick said in a statement as three of his officials in India were grilled by police.
The police, sharply criticised after the 2012 Nirbhaya rape episode and under pressure after this latest incident, is considering pressing criminal negligence charges against the company. India is a key market for the five-year-old company and has been the theatre for one of its biggest expansion of services. The company has been adding cities and has some 10,000 drivers on its network, offering services ranging from the premium Uber Black offering to the cut-price Uber Go.

Australia vs India First Test Live: Ishant Quells Blazing Start from Warner on AWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
Australia vs India 1st Test, Day 1 As it Happened: Warner and Smith Impress, But Late Wickets Quell Surge
1.03 pm: That's all for today folks. Australia the dominant team on Day one in Adelaide, even if India did pull it back quite well towards the end. David Warner showed just why he is such a good, and seriously underrated Test, cricketer with an ...

Cricket: Abbott back with a bouncer after Hughes tragedyCricket: Abbott back with a bouncer after Hughes tragedy
IOB: Change directorsDec 08, 2014, 10.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IOB: Change directors
Indian Overseas Bank has informed that the Shareholder Directors of the Bank have demitted office on December 07, 2014 on completion of 3 years term. Shri Ajit Vasant Sardesai and Prof. S. Sadagopan.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IOB: Change directors
Indian Overseas Bank has informed that the Shareholder Directors of the Bank have demitted office on December 07, 2014 on completion of 3 years term. Shri Ajit Vasant Sardesai and Prof. S. Sadagopan.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian Overseas Bank has informed BSE that the following Shareholder Directors of the Bank have demitted office on December 07, 2014 on completion of 3 years term.1. Shri Ajit Vasant Sardesai and2. Prof. S. Sadagopan.Source : BSE

Advik Laboratories: Outcome of board meetingDec 08, 2014, 10.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Advik Laboratories: Outcome of board meeting
Advik Laboratories at its meeting held on December 08, 2014, has considered and approved the business accepted the resignation of Ms. Anjali Kalra as the Company Secretary of the Company and Appointed Ms. Vaishali Anand as the Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f. December 08, 2014 and designated her as the KMP & Compliance Officer of the Company
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Advik Laboratories: Outcome of board meeting
Advik Laboratories at its meeting held on December 08, 2014, has considered and approved the business accepted the resignation of Ms. Anjali Kalra as the Company Secretary of the Company and Appointed Ms. Vaishali Anand as the Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f. December 08, 2014 and designated her as the KMP & Compliance Officer of the Company
Post your opinion here
 
Advik Laboratories Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 08, 2014, has considered and approved the following business:1. Accepted the resignation of Ms. Anjali Kalra as the Company Secretary of the Company.2. Appointed Ms. Vaishali Anand as the Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f. December 08, 2014 and designated her as the KMP & Compliance Officer of the Company as per the provisions of Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 & the Listing Agreement.Source : BSE

Cab rape case:Delhi bans Uber after alleged rape by driverThe Indian capital on Monday banned taxi-booking service Uber after a woman accused one of its drivers of raping her.
Transport official Satish Mathur made the announcement as the 32-year-old suspect appeared in a New Delhi court.
The court ordered Shiv Kumar Yadav held for three days for police questioning over allegations that he raped the finance company employee after being hired to ferry her home from a dinner engagement on Friday night. The court also ordered Yadav’s cellphone confiscated, according to Press Trust of India.
The case, almost two years after a young woman was fatally gang raped on a bus in the capital, has renewed national anger over sexual violence in India and demands for more effort to ensure women’s safety.
The government rushed through legislation last year to double prison terms for rape to 20 years and to criminalize voyeurism, stalking and the trafficking of women. But activists say much more needs to be done, including better educating youths and adding basic infrastructure such as street lights and public bathrooms.
The CEO of San Francisco-based Uber, Travis Kalanick, said the company would do ”everything to bring the perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery.”
He also sought to deflect some of the blame on to officials, saying the company would work with the government to establish clear background checks that are ”currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs.”
It was not immediately clear if Uber itself performed any background check, nor was it clear whether Yadav would even have been flagged. Police told Press Trust of India they were working to verify Yadav’s claims that he had been acquitted of rape charges in 2011, after spending seven months in jail. PTI did not give any further details or name the police source.
In banning Uber, the New Delhi government also said the company was operating from unregistered premises in the suburb of Gurgaon.
The ban is a blow for Uber, which has courted acclamation and controversy around the world with a service based on hailing taxis from a smartphone app. It has faced restrictions in other countries after licensed taxi operators claimed the service was competing unfairly.
The service, which uses private cars rather than licensed cabs, promises a quicker response time that is often less than 10 minutes. Drivers respond using their own Uber-provided smartphones mounted on the dashboard and follow a GPS map to an exact location.
Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh said the government ”strongly condemns this dastardly act” and pledged justice in the case.
He said the 26-year-old victim had fallen asleep during the ride home. When she woke up, she found the car parked in a secluded place. The driver then threatened her, raped her and then took her home around 1 a.m. Saturday.
Police arrested the driver Sunday night in his hometown of Mathura, about 160 kilometers (100 miles) from the capital, after he had abandoned the Uber-registered car and fled New Delhi. The car has been brought to Delhi for forensic examination, Singh told parliament.
Dozens of angry protesters rallied outside the home minister’s house on Monday morning to demand more action to ensure women’s safety. Police detained several people who were part of another anti-violence protest group that burned an effigy of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in front of his political party’s headquarters.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Rajnath Singh Uber Cab
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

BoJ members warned on costs of more easingBoJ members warned on costs of more easing
Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a5674744-7449-11e4-b444-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IBM helps you donate computer power to fight EbolaIBM helps you donate computer power to fight Ebola
Brandon Bailey     Oakand, California    Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 12:57 IST
IBM has engineered a way for everyone to join the fight against Ebola - by donating processing time on their personal computers, phones or tablets to researchers.
IBM has teamed with scientists at Scripps Research Institute in southern California on a project that aims to combine the power of thousands of small computers, to each attack tiny pieces of a larger medical puzzle that might otherwise require a supercomputer to solve.
"This could let us do in months what it would otherwise take years and years to do," said Erica Ollmann Saphire, a biomedical researcher at Scripps.
The idea isn't new: Several universities and research institutes have used so-called distributed computing to tackle complex problems.
For the last 10 years, IBM has sponsored a project called World Community Grid, in which volunteers agree to download software that takes advantage of unused processing capacity on their devices. About 680,000 individuals in 80 countries have enrolled in the IBM program, said IBM vice president Stan Litow. They've donated computing power to help scientists at several institutions conduct research into malaria, AIDS, cancer and environmental issues.
The free downloadable software, available at http://www.worldcommunitygrid.org , works on Windows or Mac computers and Android mobile devices, although not Apple Inc.'s iPhone or iPad. Litow said it's designed to only use idle capacity when a device is connected to the Internet.
Otherwise it isn't in use, so it won't slow other functions. On mobile devices, the program only works when the device is charging and connected to Wi-Fi, to avoid draining batteries or running up wireless charges.
Users can choose when their device connects to the grid network and whether it should happen automatically, Litow said. IBM also promises to respect volunteers' privacy and says the software can't access or alter any other files on a device.
The grid computing program breaks down large computing problems into thousands of smaller tasks, assigns them to individual devices and then compiles the results. Volunteers can get progress reports on each project, and IBM promises to make the resulting data available to any interested researcher.
Saphire, a microbiologist who has been working on Ebola research for 11 years, said the grid project will help with two problems.
She's identified vulnerable sections of the Ebola molecule, but needs help analyzing various compounds to see which might be effective in attacking the virus at those spots. She's also working on a longer-term effort to understand how Ebola proteins change shape over time.
Commercial drug companies haven't been focused on diseases like Ebola, which mostly afflict less-developed countries, Saphire said. And with federal grant budgets shrinking, she's used crowd-funding websites to raise money for lab equipment and researchers' salaries.
"Crowd funding and crowd science gives people the opportunity to invest their idle computer hours or their ten bucks, and make a difference," she said.
International Business Machines Corp., based in Armonk, New York, joins other tech companies in the Ebola effort. Facebook and Google have both made appeals to their users to contribute to overseas Ebola relief. Google has matched user donations, while Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg personally donated $25 million to the effort.

Smartphone use can ruin your leisureSmartphone use can ruin your leisure
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 14:20 IST
Instead of entertainment, too much smartphone use can actually lead to leisure distress, feeling uptight, stressed and anxious during free time, new research has found.
An increased level of smartphone use is linked with a diminished experience of daily leisure, the findings showed.
"Being constantly connected to your phone is not likely to enhance your experience of leisure," said Jian Li from Kent State University in Ohio, the US.
"On the other hand, disconnecting for short period of time in order to seek more challenging leisure opportunities is likely to be beneficial," Li added.
The researchers from the Kent State University surveyed a random sample of 454 college students to examine how different types of cell phone users experience daily leisure.
An analysis revealed three distinct types of cell phone users: low-use extroverts, low-use introverts and a high-use group.
The high-use group averaged over 10 hours of cell phone use per day.
"The high-frequency cell phone user may not have the leisure skills necessary to creatively fill their free time with intrinsically rewarding activities," researcher Andrew Lepp explained.
"For such people, the ever-present smartphone may provide an easy, but less satisfying and more stressful, means of filling their time," Lepp added.
In comparison to the other two groups, the high-frequency cell phone users experienced significantly more leisure distress, the researchers noted.
The study appeared in the journal Computers in Human Behaviour.

Monte Carlo Fashions IPO subscribed 7.83timesDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The initial public offering (IPO) of Monte Carlo Fashions was subscribed 7.83 times on the final day of the book building process, showed stock exchange data as on 7:40pm IST on Friday. With the public issue successful, Ludhiana-based Monte Carlo is assured of raising at least R345 crore.
Qualified institutional buyers (QIBs) bid for 1.51 crore shares (13.957 times) of the 10.866 lakh shares reserved for the category. The retail book was subscribed 6.95 times as investors bid for 1.32 crore shares as against 19.016 lakh shares on offer. The non-institutional category was subscribed 1.71 times, exchange data showed.
The company had raised a little over R105 crore by allotting 16.29 lakh shares to anchor investors at R645 apiece. The company had set a price band of R630-645 per share. Goldman Sachs, Aditya Birla Private Equity Trust, DB International (Asia), Birla Sunlife Trustee Company, and Tata Mutual Fund are some of the institutional investors who invested in the IPO, according to stock exchange filing by the company.
The issue offers partial exit to Samara Capital backed Kanchi Investment whose stake will drop to 10.94% from the previous 18.51% stake it held before the issue. Promoter and promoter group stake will reduce to 63.63% from 81.06% prior to the issue and make the company compliant with Sebi’s minimum public shareholding guidelines. Sebi regulations require all listed companies to pare promoter holding to 75%.
Monte Carlo is the fifth company on the main board to hit the bourse this fiscal.
TAGS: Monte Carlo
More from indianmarkets

Regulator puts SpiceJet on notice  no advance bookings beyond one monthRegulator puts SpiceJet on notice, no advance bookings beyond one month
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 05, 2014
First Published: 20:17 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 13:19 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
Travel plans of thousands of people could get upset with aviation regulator DGCA cracking the whip on media baron Kalanithi Maran-controlled SpiceJet on Friday cancelling the 186 “slots” and barring the carrier from offering bookings for more than a month’s advance.
SpiceJet is staring at a financial collapse after its efforts to find an investor failed. It needs an immediate infusion of about Rs. 2,000 crore to survive.
This means, for instance, if a person wants to book a ticket on Saturday (December 6, 2014), SpiceJet can offer a seat only for travel by January 5, 2014. Besides, the cancellation of slots also means that the airline will be able to offer far fewer seats even for future travel.
In aviation parlance a slot broadly represents a time schedule that is given to each airline at airports according to a plan that the carrier submits to the regulator.
For instance, SpiceJet would have probably been flying five daily flights from Delhi to Mumbai. In the recent past, however, the airline may have cancelled a many of these flights.
The problem arose when airline began informing passengers only a day or two before the travel date about the cancellations. While some passengers were being accommodated in flights of later days, some flights were outright cancelled, leaving people to buy sky-high spot fares.
Also, flyers say their flight timings were changed repeatedly, leaving them in a spot.
The DGCA said since the airline had not been utilising 186 of these scheduled slots (93 takeoffs and departures each), these should stand cancelled.
Further, the regulator directed the airline refund the booking amount to the customers of cancelled flights within 30 days.
The airline recently reported a Rs.310 crore loss in the quarter ended September from Rs.560 crore loss in the corresponding period of last fiscal.
Spicejet has been losing money for the last five consecutive quarters and had itself decided to pare its operations--cutting its daily flights to 232 flights in October, instead of 339 in September.
The airline’s is now operating a fleet of 22 Boeing 737s, down from down from 37 B737s  earlier.
“ As a natural consequence of the fleet reduction of 15 Boeings, unused slots are given back to the airports.  This is routine process and a natural outcome of our revised fleet plan, and there is nothing unusual about the slots being cancelled, “ it said.
With over 125 pilots quitting the airline in the recent past with the carrier unable to pay its lessors, the aviation regulator asked SpiceJet to ensure that the Flight Duty Time Limitation (FDTL), a rule which governs maximum duty time for the cockpit crew, was not violated even if the airline was facing a pilots' crunch.
DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar asked the airline to file a "convincing schedule" by December 15 to clear its over Rs. 1,500 crore dues to various vendors including airports and oil companies.
The regulator further asked the airline to disburse salaries to its employees in future by the 7th of every month.
The regulator would now also carry out "heightened" surveillance of all SpiceJet flights on landing to ensure that safety is not compromised due to its financial troubles.

RIL  Mexico company sign deal to explore oil and gasRIL, Mexico company sign deal to explore oil and gas
PTI  New Delhi, December 05, 2014
First Published: 23:05 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:29 IST(6/12/2014)
Comments
Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) has signed an oil exploration-to-refining deal with Mexico’s national oil company Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex) as it looks at overseas opportunities to overcome disenchantment back home.
RIL and Pemex will look at potential upstream oil and gas business opportunities in Mexico as well as explore international markets for “value added opportunities,” a company statement said.
The deal comes as Mexico, the world’s tenth-largest crude producer, opens up its energy sector with the ending of Pemex’s decades-long monopoly. State-owned, Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) had previously signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Mexican firm.
RIL, the owner of the world’s biggest refinery, said its tie-up with Pemex was in line with its strategy to expand its international asset base in regions with “attractive competitive opportunities.”
An MoU was signed by RIL’s oil and gas head PMS Prasad and Pemex chief executive Emilio Lozoya in New York.
“The MoU envisages sharing of RIL’s pioneering expertise in deep-water development and best practices in East Coast of India and RIL’s experience in shale gas in United States,” the statement said.
RIL, which entered into the oil and gas business in 1990s with the setting up of India’s biggest refinery at Jamnagar in Gujarat and then expanding into upstream oil and gas exploration, is re-orienting its hydrocarbon business after encountering several challenges.
Out of the 45 oil and gas exploration areas or blocks it acquired in India since 1999, as many as 38 have been surrendered after having sunk $2.09 billion.
In spite of 52 oil and gas discoveries since 2002, it has managed to bring only three of them into production to date, as it ran into regulatory hurdles, pricing and cost recovery disputes and delays in getting critical approvals.
RIL has since then started looking for opportunities overseas — from Myanmar to Mexico.

Soon  Delhiites could download videos without mobile internetSoon, Delhiites could download videos without mobile internet
M Rajendran , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 05, 2014
First Published: 23:14 IST(5/12/2014) | Last Updated: 16:15 IST(9/12/2014)
Nupur Bhatia, a first-year student of Delhi University, refrained from downloading songs and movies on numerous occasions, mainly due to poor broadband connectivity and rising tariffs for data services.
She now has an option — of downloading content without using mobile internet!
Come January, Delhi based Wi-Fi service provider Ozone Networks will allow phones without 2G and 3G connections to download content in collaboration with Speed Fetch. The service is currently in the test phase.
A seven minutes Sada dil vi tu high-definition song from the movie ABCD can be downloaded in 20 seconds. “I gave a thumbs up to a question in the response form, for Rs. 10 tariff for such downloads,” said Bhatia.
Ozone Networks has more than 1,500 hot spots across India. In the first phase of rollout, Speed Fetch will launch 4,000-5,000 movies for Rs. 10-30 in Mumbai airport, McDonalds, and Haldirams. It plans to launch in 25 locations in metros and smaller towns.
And with 55% of 900 million cellphone users in India watching videos every day, the demand for content and bandwidth is only likely to grow.
“There is a demand and opportunity,” said Sanjeev Sarin, founder and CEO of Ozone Network. “We have joined hands with Speed Fetch to provide content and are working with the technology partners to provide enhanced Wi-Fi speeds and have entered into agreements with operators.”
Speed Fetch a first-of-its-kind micro caching solution will provide speedy access  without internet connectivity. Caching is the storage of Web files for later re-use at a point that can be more quickly accessed by the end user.
“We are in the process of closing strategic partnerships with leading content owners and publishers and will be providing exclusive and premium content,” said Dipank Sharma, chairman, Speed Fetch.

Betting on India: China Electronics eyes sales of million phones in 2015Comments
Late entrant into the Indian mobile phone market China Electronics Corporation (CEC), a state-controlled Chinese corporation, is eyeing sales of million units in 2015.
CEC’s subsidiary Sang Fei, is selling its erstwhile joint-venture partner Philips branded mobile handsets in India. The company hopes its focus on rural market with a range of feature phones along with smart phones targeting urban population will drive growth.
Indian mobile phone market is estimated to 300 million units in 2014 with smart phones clocking 80 million units.
CEC bought over Royal Dutch Philips mobile phone business in 2007 and sells Philips-branded mobile phones under a licensing agreement. The company which was selling feature phones in India in a small way launched five smart phone models in a price range of Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 20,000 in May and is planning to launch four or five more early next year. The company sells half a dozen Philips feature phones in Rs. 1,100 to Rs. 3,800 price bracket.
“Our immediate aim is to be among top ten mobile phone brands,” said SS Bassi, country manager, Sang Fei.
Sang Fei has retail presence in 1,500 outlets through its Chennai-based distributor Redington and has opened 150 service centres too.
Bassi said the company would soon enter into a tie-up with an e-commerce company for exclusive online sale of Philips mobile sets in the country.

Infosys founders seeking $1.1 bln via stake sale: SourceBy: Reuters |
Posted: December 8, 2014 11:04 am
Some of the founders of Infosys Ltd want to sell shares for $1.1 billion in the Indian IT outsourcing company, a person familiar with the matter said, months after the company picked its first outsider as chief executive officer.
Four of the original founders, co-founders and their families are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988 Indian rupees ($32) each, a 4 percent discount to Friday’s close, the person said.
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner of the sale and the books were covered just after the launch, said Thomson Reuters publication IFR. It named the founders as Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S.D. Shibulal and K. Dinesh.
The person declined to be named as the matter remained confidential and Infosys executives were not immediately available for comment.
Infosys, established by seven engineers in 1981, chose Vishal Sikka as its CEO in June in a bid to overhaul a company that was once the posterchild of India’s $100-plus billion IT services industry but which had in recent years scrambled against rivals for low-margin contracts..
Some investor said Infosys failed to move up the value-chain due to its risk averse management team which was largely comprised of the company’s founders and co-founders.
Most of these executives have left the company since Sikka took office in August.
The founders and their families held a combined 91.5 million shares, or nearly 8 percent of Infosys’ outstanding shares, according to the company’s annual report.
Infosys shares are up 18.8 percent so far this year, while the benchmark Indian share index is up about 35.4 percent.

Qantas forecasts return to profitQantas forecasts return to profit
Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5f0f9fdc-7e97-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Qantas posts record $2.6bn lossQantas posts record $2.6bn loss
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/91c7fcfa-2e54-11e4-b330-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Qantas foreign ownership limits easedJuly 16, 2014 7:50 am
Qantas to remain Australian but foreign ownership limits eased
By Peter Wells in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f7d8123a-0ca5-11e4-90fa-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US court lets off Ranbaxy in antitrust case; stock up 1.8%Dec 08, 2014, 11.54 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
US court lets off Ranbaxy in antitrust case; stock up 1.8%
Shares in homegrown pharmaceuticals firm Ranbaxy Labs rose 1.8 percent in early Mumbai trading after a US federal court ruled in its favour in a landmark “pay-to-delay” case.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
US court lets off Ranbaxy in antitrust case; stock up 1.8%
Shares in homegrown pharmaceuticals firm Ranbaxy Labs rose 1.8 percent in early Mumbai trading after a US federal court ruled in its favour in a landmark “pay-to-delay” case.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares in homegrown pharmaceuticals firm Ranbaxy Labs  rose 1.8 percent in early Mumbai trading after a US federal court ruled in its favour in a landmark “pay-to-delay” case.
The Boston court held Friday that a 2008 deal between Astrazeneca, which sells the blockuster Nexium drug, and Ranbaxy requiring the latter to delay launching Nexium’s generic version, did not violate anti-competition laws.
The plaint was filed by lawyers representing drug wholesalers, retailers and insurance companies, who alleged patients were losing money by being required to buy expensive patented drugs instead of cheaper generic copies.
If the verdict were to go against them, both AstraZenaca and Ranbaxy would have been required to pay fines that could have gone into billions of dollars, analysts said.
The suit had also initially named India’s Dr Reddy’s and Israel’s Teva but both firms had arrived at a settlement with the plaintiffs, a Reuters report said. A similar case against all four companies is under way in a Pennsylvania court.
RELATED NEWS

ICICI Bank to hike ATM charges from Jan 1ICICI Bank to hike ATM charges from January 1
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 08:53 IST
Country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank has announced a hike in its ATM charges for saving account holders from January 1 next year.
Under the new method, the number of free transactions in a month is fixed at five using own ATMs, while it has been capped at three for other banks' machines.
Customers can enjoy only five free transactions, including financial and non-financial, at the bank's own automated teller machines (ATM), it said in a post on its website.
After exceeding the free transaction limits, customers will have to pay Rs 20 per financial transaction excluding service tax and Rs 8.50 for every non-financial transaction, it said.
For transactions at non- ICICI Bank ATMs, the number of free financial and non-financial transactions have been reduced to three per month at six metros of Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bengaluru and Hyderabad, after which the customer will have to pay Rs 20 for a financial transaction and Rs 8.50 per non-financial transaction.
In case of usage in non-metro areas, a customer can enjoy five free transactions per month at non-ICICI Bank ATMs, after which the same charges apply, it said.
The issue of ATM usage has been a very contentious one due to the inter-connect charges a bank has to pay to the other. Additionally, the operating costs have also gone up, following a spate of incidents at the ATMs like the robbery at Bengaluru last year, which started the debate on transaction charges.
After consultations, the RBI last month started a system under which it allowed banks to charge from the fourth transaction onwards at other banks' ATMs in metros, and also gave the liberty to banks to charge customers for the sixth transaction onwards at own machines.
"The ATM transaction is free to you but not free to the bank. It costs the bank Rs 75 to Rs 100 for those five transactions. The bank has to collect that amount from somewhere and it has to be from customers. But there are two distortions that it creates. First, not everybody is doing the same amount of transactions and (also) are we subsidising using of cash by freeing up ATMs?," RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had said, in defence of the new move.
Many banks have already announced reviews in their ATM charges following the announcement.

Infy can return 5% in 3-4 days  say expertsYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Block deal pressure good opportunity to buy Infosys
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 05.55PM IST
Tags:
Barclays
(Infosys was witnessing…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys saw intense selling pressure through the day, following a huge block deal on the counter. Four founder members of the company have sold 25 per cent stake of their holding to raise $1.1 billion.
They sold 3.23 crore shares at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 per share in 16 block deals through Deutsche Bank . The block deal was at 4 per cent discount to Friday's closing price.
The stock has been recently down on profit booking as investors booked profits after the stock started trading ex-bonus on the exchanges.
The stock closed the session on Monday at Rs 1,968.60; down 4.88%, at Rs 101.10.
However, the sharp correction in the stock should be utilized by investors to buy the stock. According to dealers, the stock may see an upmove of over Rs 100 in the next 3-4 days.
This means that the stock can return over 5% in 3-4 days, as the experts say, if we calculate from today's intraday low of 1,967.55.
The overhang of the block deal is expected to be short-lived.
"There is still a pent-up demand for this erstwhile bellwether for the IT sector. As we have said earlier, a lot of new long only money that is going to come into India will definitely find way into names like Infosys and SBI," said Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital to ET Now.
"From that point of view, if you like a three-year view, then you must be looking at Infosys. Sikka seems to be making good amount of news as well as work. So I would imagine that there is interest in the stock with the three-year view," Bhatnagar added.
The company recently held analysts' meet and most analysts remain bullish on the company's growth prospects after Vishal Sikka took over as the CEO and MD. Dr Sikka reiterated that Infosys continues to be on track to return to industry levels of growth by June 2016.
Analysts at Barclays Research are of the view that the management's top down strategy at the meet suggested the revival will be driven by higher revenue productivity led by adoption of AI and automation and investments in sales force leading to better account mining and large deal wins.
"While contribution of new services to the top-line will likely be minimal, pursuing these initiatives has helped the company to establish a strategic dialogue with its clients. We maintain our OW rating and adjust our target price to Rs 2,500, to account for the 1:1 bonus issue," the report added. Analysts are bullish on the company's growth outlook as the management reiterated its focus on renewing the existing business, while focusing on new business simultaneously.
"We expect the company to report an EPS of Rs 107.9 and Rs 123.2 in FY15e and FY16e, respectively. We also introduce our FY17e EPS estimate of INR140.1, implying a three-year EPS CAGR of 14.6%. The stock is currently quoting at FY16e and FY17e PER of 17.1x and 15.0x, respectively. We reiterate Buy rating on the company with a target price of INR 2,382, based on 17x FY17e EPS," said an Antique Stock Broking report. CLSA has a 'Buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2500.
"We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital. Infosys is clearly exploiting its latent strengths in training and talent to catapult it back to industry leadership," said a CLSA report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

AAP protests outside Rajnath s home over Uber taxi rapeAAP protests outside Rajnath's residence over taxi rape
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Mon 8 Dec, 2014
Print
New Delhi: Scores of Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) members staged a protest outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh's residence here Monday morning over inaction against the cab company Uber, whose driver was arrested for raping a 25-year-old analyst.
AAP members gathered outside the home minister's residence around 7.50 a.m. and raised slogans against the government and Delhi Police for not taking proper action against the cab company.
"At least 100 protestors have been detained for protesting outside the home minister's residence and have been taken to the police station," DCP Vijay Singh told IANS.
An AAP party member told IANS that the protest was led by AAP activist Aatishi Marlena.
Uber cab driver accused of rape arrested
A cab driver accused of raping a 25-year-old working woman in Delhi Friday night was arrested Sunday from his hideout in Uttar Pradesh's Mathura town, police said. The driver was being brought to Delhi and will be presented before court Monday.
Shiv Kumar Yadav was taken into custody from his hideout in Mathura, about 135 km south of the capital, Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat told IANS in Delhi.
The 32-year-old driver, a resident of Mathura, was caught in a joint operation by Delhi and Uttar Pradesh Police force.
A police official told IANS in Mathura that Yadav was being interrogated at the Highway Police Station after he was nabbed from Chandrapuri colony. Police said they have also seized a white car.
"He is being brought to Delhi," Bhagat said.
The driver, employed with international cab-booking company Uber, is accused of raping the woman who was returning home in north Delhi's Inderlok area from Gurgaon, where she is employed as an analyst in a finance company in Sector 21 for the past three years.
After the name of Uber came up in the case, the app-based ride-sharing service Sunday issued a statement, saying it has given police all details of the driver and GPS information.
"Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible crime and we are working with police as they investigate. We will assist them in any way we can. It is also our policy to immediately suspend a driver's account following allegations of a serious incident, which we have done," Uber spokeswoman Evelyn Tay said in a statement.
"Safety is Uber's highest priority, and in India, we work with licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform," the spokeswoman said.
However, Deputy Commissioner of Police Madhur Verma said: "The driver of the cab, booked through Uber, had not been subjected to a police verification. The company, which did not get his background check done, was asked to join the investigation Sunday."
He said the cab also did not have the mandatory GPS.
Police said they traced the driver's cellphone number, and it was registered in the name of a person called Gaurav.
The driver also did not have a driving licence issued by the Delhi Transport Authority, which is recommended for those engaged in driving cabs in the capital.
Earlier Sunday, Delhi Police declared a reward of Rs.1 lakh for information on the driver, a resident of Mathura, despite constituting 12 separate teams of Crime Branch and district police to arrest him following the rape.
In her police complaint, the woman said she finished her day-long shift around 7 p.m. Friday and went to a hotel in Gurgaon for dinner with her friends.
The woman was later dropped in Vasant Vihar area by her friends from where she hired a private cab around 9.30 p.m., police said quoting from the complaint.
"While on my way home, I fell asleep on the back seat of the cab. A few minutes later, I realised that the car was stopped at a secluded place and the driver was molesting me," the woman said in her complaint.
She said the driver slapped her many times when she objected to his molestation attempt.
"I tried to unlock the cab door but failed. The driver threatened to kill me and raped me," the woman said.
Police said the driver later dropped the woman near her home and once again threatened her with dire consequences if she approached police.
Police said the woman made a call to the police control room around 1.30 a.m. Saturday and informed officials about her ordeal.
She also provided police a picture of the car's number plate with the number DL 1YD 7910. The car, a Maruti Swift Dzire, was recovered from Mathura Saturday night.
A formal complaint was registered by the woman at Sarai Rohilla police station in Delhi.
Recommend

Satyam scam: Ramalinga Raju  Rama Raju sentenced to 6 months in jailmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

McDonald s custom sandwich option expands to IllinoisMcDonald's custom sandwich option expands to Illinois
McDonalds
A tray of McDonald's food.
A tray of McDonald's food. (Mike Segar/Reuters)
USAToday is reporting: McDonald's is expanding the test of its "Create Your Taste" customized burger program to Illinois and four other states.
8
The program allows patrons to choose everything from bun to cheese, sauces and toppings from a table-like kiosk. It started as a small test at 30 stores in Southern California and will now strtch to 2,000 U.S. locations in Illinois Wisconsin, Georgia, Missouri and Pennsylvania.
Desperate times require desperate measures, I guess
ch47fixer

LeT chief Hafiz Saeed s Twitter account suspendedAfter voice and video calling, the social messaging app is now adding social gaming to its platform.
LeT chief Hafiz Saeed's Twitter account suspended
New Delhi, December 08, 2014
First Published: 21:06 IST(8/12/2014)
print
Hafiz Saeed, the head of Jamaat-ud-Dawa and Mumbai attacks mastermind, gestures to the media as he arrives to attend a rally organised by the Defence Council of Pakistan in Peshawar. (Reuters file photo)
Micro-blogging site Twitter suspended terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) founder and Mumbai terror attack mastermind Hafiz Saeed's Twitter account on Monday for violating its policies following pressure from the US government, senior government sources told Hindustan Times.
Saeed, who has been on Twitter for over two years, had been tweeting under the handle @HafizSaeedJUD, or Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD), an organisation created after the US government declared the LeT a terrorist organisation. While the main JuD handle was suspended, two other handles related to the JuD -- Falah-e-Insaniat Foundation (FiF) and JuD Arabic -- continued to operate.
The US government, already grappling with growing evidence of fundamentalist groups using social media to recruit for militant groups such as Islamic State, decided to increase pressure for the suspension of the account, sources said.
"We have had some discussions with the US during our bilateral talks with the US on the presence of elements inimical to Indian interests, but we never discussed a suspension," a senior Indian security official told HT. "We have received information through informal channels that the US government worked with Twitter for the suspension."
According to the official, the US worked on the suspension unilaterally and convinced Twitter to shut down Saeed's account. This was confirmed by at least two other security officials.
Twitter India declined to comment on the suspension. "We do not comment on individual accounts, for privacy and security reasons. We do not proactively monitor content on the platform. We review all reported accounts against our rules, which prohibit direct, specific threats of violence against others," said the official Twitter India spokeperson.
The Twitter account was suspended days after Saeed told supporters Pakistanis should come forward and help the Kashmiris in getting "freedom" from India. His comments followed a string of militant attacks in Kashmir, including one on an army camp in Uri that led to the deaths of several Indian security personnel.
 
Describing himself as the Ameer of the JuD, Saeed frequently abused the Indian government on his Twitter handle. When Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the United Nations general assembly recently, Saeed took to Twitter to abuse India's statements. The JuD was banned as a terrorist front organisation after the Mumbai attacks through a UNSC resolution.
The LeT masterminded the terror attack on Mumbai in 2008 that left over 160 people dead. India declared Saeed of the most-wanted terrorists and has repeatedly sought his custody from Pakistan. However, Pakistan continues to deny his role in the 26/11 attack and allows him to roam freely in the country, building support for the LeT.

Expect to play bigger role in asset reconstruction biz: KKR09:00 pm
Global leverage buyout firm KKR will pick up 26 percent stake in international asset reconstruction company. This is the first investment made by a private equity player in an asset reconstruction company.
Going forward, KKR has the option of becoming majority shareholder in the next 3-5 years. Speaking exclusively to CNBC-TV18, IARC management says KKR will team up with an Indian partner to invest the initial Rs 300 crore.
Arun Duggal, Chairman, IARC says, “They would acquire 26 percent equity in the company and the rest of the money will be there, but the most important thing is that KKR has very substantial plans to invest in this space in India.”
Initial investment of Rs 300 crore is just for the openers, he said adding that they are expecting that KKR will be raising additional funds and we will be able to play a much bigger role in the asset reconstruction market.
RELATED NEWS

RBI notifies new FDI policy for defence  railways infraDec 08, 2014, 10.13 PM IST  | Source: PTI
RBI notifies new FDI policy for defence, railways infra
The Reserve Bank today notified the government's decision to increase foreign investment ceiling in defence sector and permitting 100 per cent FDI in railways infrastructure.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI notifies new FDI policy for defence, railways infra
The Reserve Bank today notified the government's decision to increase foreign investment ceiling in defence sector and permitting 100 per cent FDI in railways infrastructure.
Post your opinion here
 
The Reserve Bank today notified the government's decision to increase foreign investment ceiling in defence sector and permitting 100 per cent FDI in railways infrastructure.
After assuming power, the NDA government has reviewed Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) policy for railways sector as well as defence.
Government has permitted 100 per cent FDI in railway infrastructure sector under the automatic route subject to conditions.
In the defence sector, foreign investment (FDI, FIIs, RFPIs, NRIs, FVCIs and QFIs) up to 49 per cent has been permitted under government route (FIPB) in the defence sector. The earlier cap was 26 per cent.
As per the revised policy for defence sector, portfolio investment (RFPI/FII/NRI/QFI) and FVCI investment will not exceed 24 per cent of the total equity of the investee company. Portfolio investment will be under the automatic route.
In the railway segment, FDI will be allowed in construction, operation and maintenance of suburban corridor projects through PPP, high speed train projects and dedicated freight lines.
FDI has also been allowed in rolling stock including train sets, and locomotives/coaches manufacturing and maintenance facilities, railway electrification, signaling systems, freight terminals and passenger terminals, among others.
Also Read: Prabhu meets investors to discuss Rly projects' framework
As per the policy for railway sector, FDI beyond 49 of the equity of the investee company in sensitive areas from security point of view will be brought before the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) for consideration on a case to case basis.
RELATED NEWS

Indians: The Most Connected Diasporareddit
Two months ago, the New York Times Facebook page drew a spate of angry comments mostly in Malayalam, the language spoken in the southernmost state of India. What led to this venting of ire was a racist cartoon showing India with a cow and knocking on the "Elite Space Club."  As a large number of Malayalis (people originating from Kerala in India) work in Indian Space Research Organization, they took it upon themselves to lead the onslaught. The trolling did not stop until the New York Times issued a statement apologizing to "readers who were offended by the choice of images in this cartoon."
Recently when tennis player Maria Sharapova was asked if she knew of Sachin Tendulkar, she responded by saying "I don't." She incurred the wrath of Indian fans for not knowing the "God of cricket." The Internet erupted as #whoismariasharapova became a trending topic worldwide on Twitter. Angry Tendulkar fans took on her by flooding social media sites with memes, doctored pictures and messages of outrage.
"The most binding element for the Indian diaspora is no longer just Bollywood or cricket. Bollywood represents India as much as chow mein represents China. For the new generation of Indian origin, who have not visited India often enough to know their parents' country, social networking sites have become their major gateway to India."
In 1999, BBC News asked its online users to vote for the greatest star of stage or screen of the millennium. Amitabh Bachchan was voted in by a huge margin, placing stalwarts like Sir Laurence Olivier and Sir Alec Guinness in the second and third positions . The poll, if it did prove anything, demonstrated the numerical strength of the Indian community in the digital space. And unlike today, in 1999, Indians in India lacked both digital access and aggression.
Today, the world over, Indians and communities of Indian origin consider themselves as one large civilization -- a polycentric, transnational population. The most binding element for the Indian diaspora is no longer just Bollywood or cricket. Bollywood represents India as much as chow mein represents China. For the new generation of Indian origin, who have not visited India often enough to know their parents' country, social networking sites have become their major gateway to India.
In the 2014 national parliamentary elections in India, social media became the new and most powerful election battleground. Fifty-six million election-related tweets were posted between Jan. 1 and May, 12, 2014. Twenty-nine million people made 227 million interactions on the elections on Facebook between the day elections were announced and the day polling ended. The opposition party imported several Indian expatriates from America and elsewhere to professionally design and run its digital campaign. Needless to say, they did a fascinating job and the party is now the ruling party.
As intensified globalization has increased the spatial distance between Indians, they are thronging towards online platforms that offer a sense of kinship and community. To Indians, both within and outside India, the Internet is an alternative public sphere to hold discourses with those who share a similarity of interests. Social networking sites also offer them a platform to assert their identity, culture and political inclination.
Has this got to do -- in part -- with the increased alienation that the Indian community faces globally?
"Perhaps the reason Indians and the Indian diaspora are so active in the social media community is nothing as sinister. It is possible that in a society where family and societal ties are strong and valued, the online space has brought Indians everywhere closer together, making them the most connected people in the world and their voices the most heard."
Interestingly, right-wing ideologue and writer Swapan Dasgupta theorizes that, "Taking advantage of a more connected world, the professional NRI (who knows no other identity) has stepped up his battles to cast India in his own confused image." According to him, their interventions on the net have more to do with the fall from grace of the non-resident Indian as he is no longer a subject of adulation among Indians. Dasgupta observes that, "No Indian website is free from the voluminous but pernicious comments of the know-all, ultra-nationalist NRI banging away on the computer in splendid isolation."
Perhaps the reason Indians and the Indian diaspora are so active in the social media community is nothing as sinister. It is possible that in a society where family and societal ties are strong and valued, the online space has brought Indians everywhere closer together, making them the most connected people in the world and their voices the most heard.
India may not match Chinese aggression for business or may not have the hegemonic ambitions that some of her neighbors have. But where India stands apart from the rest of the world and is seldom given credit for is an aspect inherent in every Indian in every corner of the world -- the irrepressible Indian habit of trying something new and adapting to it. Technology reveals this aspect to the world and to Indians, too. It is this aspect that makes even the Indian countryside a good market for cellphones the size of a palm top because they're used by villagers who may otherwise be barely literate.
Social media provides revolutionary platforms to the quintessential "argumentative Indian." India adds almost 3 million Facebook users every month. In January 2014, India became the second largest country on Facebook . Social media accounts for half of all mobile traffic in India, well above the global traffic of one third. Much more than what we get from the Electronic Voting Machines or the 392 news and current affairs television channels in India, true democracy in India has been discovered in the digital space where information, news, views and ideas are exchanged -- and exchanged with pious regularity.
Follow on Twitter @pawankhera

Oil drops $2 to 5-year low on oversupplyOil drops $2 to 5-year low on oversupply
Reuters | NEW YORK Dec 09, 2014 12:24 AM IST
Brent and US crude oil each fell more than $2 a barrel on Monday to a new five-year low amid a rising number of predictions that oversupply would extend well into 2015.
Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) member Kuwait said Monday it expected prices to remain in the doldrums for about six months.
Prices continued to decline following a Morgan Stanley report that revised its oil price forecasts lower. In a report dated December 5, Morgan Stanley said oil prices could fall as low as $43 a barrel next year. The US investment bank cut its average 2015 Brent base-case outlook by $28 to $70 per barrel, and by $14 to $88 a barrel for 2016.
SOUTHBOUND
Brent falls more than $2 to lowest since October 2009
 
Morgan Stanley cuts Brent forecast to $70 a barrel in 2015
 
Kuwait sees oil at $65 a barrel for next 6-7 months
“Without Opec intervention, markets risk becoming unbalanced, with peak oversupply likely in the second quarter of 2015,” Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Longson said.
Brent for January was down $2.42 at $66.62 a barrel by 11:13 EST (1513 GMT), its lowest since October 2009.
US crude was down $2.27 at $63.55 a barrel, a session low, its lowest since July 2009.
“When these things go lower, they tend to go much farther than people anticipated,” said Tariq Zahir at Tyche Capital. “I definitely think we're going to keep heading lower, everyone is trying to pick a bottom.”
At a meeting last month, top oil exporter Saudi Arabia resisted calls from poorer members of Opec to cut production, driving a further slide in prices, which have lost more than 40 per cent since June.
Cartel member Kuwait said on Monday oil prices were likely to remain around $65 a barrel for the next six to seven months.
Libya's state oil company said on Sunday the country was producing 800,000 barrels per day, though its El Sharara oilfield was closed due to a pipeline blockade.
The US shale industry has yet to be hit by the slump in crude prices, Baker Hughes said in a report on Friday, reporting three new US oil-drilling rigs had been added in the last week.

Taxpayers can approach AAR for tax liabilities on deals above Rs 100 crTaxpayers can approach AAR for tax liabilities on deals above Rs 100 cr
Dev Chatterjee | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 12:48 AM IST
In a positive move to cut tax litigation, the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has notified that resident taxpayers who plan transactions valuing Rs 100 crore or above can approach the Authority for Advance Rulings (AAR) for determination of their tax liabilities under such transaction.
This step will help reduce litigation on mergers and acquisitions (M&As) and transfer-pricing orders issued by the tax department after a transaction is announced, say corporate lawyers. Earlier, this facility was available only for multinational companies (MNCs) and their overseas arms. However, with this change, the local subsidiary of an MNC can approach the AAR for advance tax rulings.
NORMS EASED
Move will help reduce litigation on M&As and transfer-pricing orders issued by the tax department
Earlier, this facility was available only for MNCs and their overseas arms
Tax lawyers say this is a positive step towards achieving a non-adversarial tax regime as promised by the new government
The tax department has clarified the advance rulings will not be applicable if the question being sought to be raised before the AAR is already pending before any tax authority or Appellate Tribunal.
The CBDT notification is a part of measures to reduce tax litigation as promised by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his maiden Budget in July 2014. The Budget had announced the opportunity to seek advance rulings from AAR would also be available to local resident taxpayers.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had, in its manifesto, promised to bring down “tax terrorism” unleased by the previous United Progressive Alliance government on MNCs, which saw many companies reduce their investments in India. In some cases involving the MNCs — such as Shell and Vodafone —the Indian courts had ruled in favour of the MNCs and rejected the tax department’s orders.
Earlier, resident taxpayers were allowed to approach the AAR only to determine the tax liability of non-resident taxpayers with respect to a transaction, which they had entered into or proposed to enter into, with such non-resident taxpayers. After this announcement, Indian taxpayers can approach the AAR to get a ruling to determine their own tax liability to a transaction that they undertake or propose to undertake.
Tax lawyers say this is a positive step towards achieving a non-adversarial tax regime as promised by the new government. “It is expected to bring about clarity at the time the transactions or projects are on the drawing board, making the tax outcome more certain and minimising the possibility of a tax dispute arising at a later stage, thereby saving resources in terms of time, cost and efforts in defending or litigating a dispute,” said a lawyer with Khaitan & Co.
“One would now look forward to hearing from the government regarding the additional benches of the AAR in other metros that would be set up as announced in the Budget, which will strengthen the infrastructure of the AAR and would result in speedy disposal of applications for advance rulings,” he added.
The AAR forum will soon become functional with the government appointing V S Sirpurkar to take charge as the new chairman of AAR. With this, the hearing of pending cases and the new applications for advance rulings is expected to commence soon.

Delhi rape: Police file FIR against Uber for cheating  charges accused cab driver with forgery31
1
New Delhi: The Delhi Police on Friday filed FIR against international taxi service provider Uber and one of its drivers Shiv Kumar Yadav in connection with the rape of a 25-year-old woman in the national capital.
"We have registered a separate FIR against Uber under Section 420 (cheating) of IPC. In investigations so far, it emerged that the company cheated their customer on the pretext of providing safe commuting with duly verified driver," Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma said.
The accused cab driver has been booked for charges of forgery. Delhi Police Commissioner (South) BS Bassi had earlier in the day told reporters that the character certificate produced by Yadav was forged. Probe is also on over the issuance of Yadav's driving licence.
Police have come across gross violations on part of the company in terms of violation of the Motor Vehicle Act and others.
#delhi uber cab driver #arrest #fir #women
The investigations have gathered momentum amid growing outrage over the rape allegedly by a driver of Uber who had been arrested on Saturday.
"We wanted to know the role of the company while it brings the customer and the car driver into contact through its App. What is the liability of the company if the driver commits a crime as in this case? What is the business model, how it works, who are its promoters?" Verma said.
"He (Gautam Bhatia, Uber official)first told us that there is no country head and he reports to one guy who heads its operation at EMEA (Europe-Middle East-Asia). If we don't get satisfactory answers from Bhatia, we may call this EMEA head for questioning," the officer added.
He added that they have come across gross violations on part of the company in terms of violation of the Motor Vehicle Act and others.
CNN-IBN had learnt that an official of Uber had admitted that the company did not do background checks on drivers. He told police that it leaves to the cab companies to get the background checks of drivers done. He said that Uber only sees the documents shown to it by cab companies or drivers but never checks their authenticity.
The 32-year-old accused was arrested from his hometown in Uttar Pradesh's Mathura. He allegedly raped a woman at around 9:30 PM on Friday when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was heading back home in north Delhi's Inderlok area.
239

Fed signals rate guidance likely to stay for nowDec 09, 2014, 07.29 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Fed signals rate guidance likely to stay for now
The pledge will be up for debate again when policymakers meet next week, with a strong jobs report bolstering the case of officials who want to remove it.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fed signals rate guidance likely to stay for now
The pledge will be up for debate again when policymakers meet next week, with a strong jobs report bolstering the case of officials who want to remove it.
Post your opinion here
 
The Federal Reserve's vow to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time" is likely to remain in place for now, with the U.S. central bank set to take a slow and steady approach to its first rate rise in a decade.The pledge will be up for debate again when policymakers meet next week, with a strong jobs report bolstering the case of officials who want to remove it.
But others feel it still has some shelf life, and even when officials drop it, they will almost certainly insert a placeholder to assure financial markets any rate hike is still a ways off.
"I think 'considerable time' captures about as best you can with two words ... the appropriate time for liftoff," San Francisco Fed President John Williams told Market News International on Monday, adding that it's still a "reasonable guess" the Fed will begin raising rates in mid-2015.
Atlanta Federal Reserve Bank President Dennis Lockhart, like Williams a policy centrist, agreed. "For my purposes I am not in a rush to drop it," he said after a speech in Atlanta on Monday.
In October, the Fed restated the pledge, but also added in its post-meeting statement that a rate hike would come sooner if the economic data was strong, and later if it wasn't.
JPMorgan economist Michael Feroli said in a research note last month that it made sense for the Fed to keep the phrase "now that it has been 'neutered' by the addition of the sentence that indicates faster progress would bring earlier rate hikes, and slower progress would bring later rate hikes."
Some economists, however, see a strong case for the phrase to be dropped next week. Jan Hatzius of Goldman Sachs has said it would be "awkward" to wait until the Fed's next meeting in January because Fed Chair Janet Yellen is not currently scheduled to hold a news conference then. She is set to speak with reporters next week.
Once the language is dropped, a review of policy-setting history suggests the central bank will guide investors to an eventual rate hike through a series of incremental verbal steps to avoid roiling markets.
Replacing the reference to "considerable time" with a pledge to be "patient" on raising rates, for instance, could help markets get used to the idea of an eventual policy tightening.
That's exactly what the Fed did the last time it was approaching a rate-hiking cycle in late 2003.
In December of that year, it signaled it was getting closer to tightening monetary policy by saying it no longer viewed a fall in inflation to be the main risk but rather viewed risks to inflation as balanced.
At the next meeting, it jettisoned its "considerable period" pledge and said it could be "patient" in removing stimulus, language it kept until May when it dumped patience and said rate hikes would likely be "measured." At the next meeting in June, it raised rates by a quarter point.
With that history as a guide, dropping their current vow next week could suggest a move as early as April, something officials who have repeatedly pointed at mid-2015 would likely be loath to do.
Rate-futures traders are currently betting the first hike will come in June 2015.
 

Pakistan violates ceasefire ahead of J&K polls today  over 80 criminal nominees in the fray in JharkhandPakistan violates ceasefire ahead of J&K polls today, over 80 criminal nominees in the fray in Jharkhand
IBNLive.com | Dec 09, 2014 at  07:54am IST
Jammu/Ranchi: Just before the third phase of polling in Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday, Pakistani troops on Monday night violated the ceasefire by resorting to small arms firing on some forward posts along the Line of Control (LoC) in Poonch district.
Pakistani troops resorted to small arms firing in Hamirpur sub-sector in Poonch district around 21.30 hours after which the Indian troops guarding the border retaliated effectively, resulting in exchange of fire. The exchange continued for 10 minutes. There was no casualty or injury to anyone due to the firing.
Sixty four crorepatis and nine candidates facing criminal charges are among the 138 in fray in 16 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir which will go to polls in the third phase on December 9. This phase will seal the fate of big names, including chief minister Omar Abdullah.
Pakistani troops resorted to small arms firing in Poonch after which the Indian troops guarding the border retaliated effectively.
The sixteen constituencies are spread over three districts of Baramulla, Budgam and Pulwama, all in Kashmir Valley. The affidavits submitted by the candidates along with their nomination papers suggested that 64 are crorepatis and nine face criminal charges including attempt to murder and assault on a woman.
Other candidates have charges of cheating, forgery, rioting, criminal trespass and assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging his duty among others against them.
Opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has the highest number of crorepatis - 14 out of the 16, while the ruling National Conference (NC) has 14. The Congress has nine out of its 15 candidates, while BJP has two out of its eight candidates in the fray. Among the 54 Independents, 22 (41 per cent) have declared assets worth more than Rs 1 crore.
There are more rich candidates in the third phase (46 per cent) in comparison to the first two phases.
Meanwhile in Jharkhand, 17 assembly seats will go to polls in the third phase where nearly 50 lakh voters will decide the fate of 289 candidates including three independents.
The constituencies going to the poll are: Kodarma, Barkatha, Barhi, Barkagaon, Ramgarh, Mandu, Hazaribagh, Simaria (SC), Dhanwar, Gomia, Bermo, Ichagarh, Silli, Khijri (ST), Ranchi, Hatia and Kanke (SC). They are spread over eight districts - Ranchi, Hazaribagh, Bokaro, Chatra, Seraikella/Kharsawan, Ramgarh,
More than 80 candidates with criminal cases against their names are in the fray in the third phase of polls. CPIM candidate, Heera Gope from Badkagoan constituency in Jharkhand has more than 18 criminal cases against him while Kashi Nath singh, the JVM candidate from Beramo has six criminal cases against him of serious nature.
In fact, Jharkhand is the only state where Madhu Koda, despite being an Independent and tainted MLA went on to become the chief Minister in 2006 and finally had to go behind bars on corruption charges. Most political parties have freely distributed tickets to candidates with tainted backgrounds, only considering the winibility factor.
Marandi, who became the first chief minister of the state after resigning from the erstwhile Atal Bihari Vajpayee council of ministers on November 15, 2000, is locked in a tight contest at Dhanwar constituency which was won by his Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (Prajatantrik) candidate Nizzamudin Ansari in the 2009 Assembly elections.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Cricket: Warner gives Aussies quick start in emotional TestCricket: Warner gives Aussies quick start in emotional Test
Boost for reform: Insurance Bill set to go throughBoost for reform: Insurance Bill set to go through
Uber to challenge ban in court | 2000 drivers at crossroads | CoverageYou are here: Home > Collections
Uber, Ola, TaxiForSure banned in Delhi until they get licence; Other states may follow suit
Harsimran Julka & Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 10.14AM IST
Tags:
Delhi Government
(Uber services operated…)
NEW DELHI: Online taxi-hailing service Uber has been banned from operating its services in Delhi and looks set to face speedbumps in other Indian cities, dealing a crippling blow to its ambitions in the country after its reputation for passenger safety was left shattered by revelations that the driver accused of raping a passenger was a serial offender.
Late on Monday, the Delhi Transport Department issued a public notice saying only Mega Cabs, Meru Cabs, Easy Cabs, Chanson, Yo Cabs and Air Cabs were licensed to operate radio taxis and all other taxi services are illegal till licensed. This would mean other Ubertype app-based taxi services such as OlaCabs and TaxiForSure also stand banned from operating in the national capital region.
Authorities in Delhi on Monday banned Uber's services in the city with immediate effect and also blacklisted the San Franciscobased company's services after it emerged the driver accused in the rape case, 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav , had been jailed for rape in 2011, something that Uber's driver checks missed.
However, despite the ban, Uber services operated as normal on Delhi streets on Monday evening, with drivers taking bookings on the company's mobile app. To add to Uber's misery, home ministry officials said the Centre would soon write to other states to ban the company's services in the 10 cities it presently operates in if it is found violating the Motor Vehicle Rules of 1988, as they said it was in Delhi.
Driver was Jailed in 2011 for Similar Offence
The Delhi ban came on a day Uber was banned from offering its services in the Netherlands or risk paying a fine of 10,000 euros (Rs 7.59 lakh) per violation. A senior Uber official told ET that the company hadn't received any communication about a ban and would contest it in court. Uber's Asia chief Eric Alexander said the company was willing to compensate the woman, set up a call centre to allay safety concerns and even willing to be governed by a regulatory and licensing regime.
"India is a very important market for us," he said, adding that the company would hire third-party agencies to help it with the police verification of its drivers. As the most highly valued US technology startup whose valuation famously more than doubled in just six months to $40 billion battled its worst crisis in India and a global PR disaster, authorities too were left red-faced as it emerged that it was not the company alone that failed to catch Yadav's spotty record.
The Delhi Transport Department, in its notice banning Uber, conceded that it had issued an All-India Tourist Permit to Yadav's taxi on May 28 after "due verification of character and antecedents of the permit holder". In further embarrassment, Uber officials during police questioning produced a so-called 'character certificate' about Yadav that was purportedly issued by the police and which the driver had submitted to the company before enrolling on its network.
However, Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi said the certificate was fake and forgery charges had been added against the accused. Yadav, who was produced in court on Monday which remanded him to three days custody, had spent seven months in jail in 2011 for a similar offence of raping a woman passenger. He was later acquitted of the charge.
The latest episode, in which a 26-year-old MNC executive was allegedly raped on her way back home by the driver, has once again served to highlight the issue of women's safety in India and threatens to snowball into a major issue in Delhi ahead of the assembly elections. There were protests outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh's residence on Monday morning and the case found its way into parliamentary discussions.
The home ministry has now asked the Delhi government to explain how the permit was issued to Yadav. Singh is expected to make a detailed statement in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday. Meanwhile, Uber, whose business practices have in the past earned it the ire of many, said it would "work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs".
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery," CEO Travis Kalanick said in a statement as three of his officials in India were grilled by police.
The police, sharply criticised after the 2012 Nirbhaya rape episode and under pressure after this latest incident, is considering pressing criminal negligence charges against the company. India is a key market for the five-year-old company and has been the theatre for one of its biggest expansion of services. The company has been adding cities and has some 10,000 drivers on its network, offering services ranging from the premium Uber Black offering to the cut-price Uber Go.

Delhi goes on ban  overdrive  to tackle Uber rape backlashComments
Following a ban on Uber by the Delhi government after a female passenger accused one of its drivers of rape, three other private radio taxi services have also been disbarred from operating in the Capital.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
Besides Uber, Ola Cabs, Taxi for Sure and TaxiPixi have been banned for not being recognised by the Delhi transport department.
According to a transport department notification, only six radio taxi operators - Meru, Mega, Chanson, Yo, Air and Easy - are the only companies authorised to run radio taxi services in Delhi.
"All other transport service providers through web-based technology, who are not recognised, are prohibited from providing such services till they get licence from the transport department," the notification said.
Uber, Ola Cabs, TaxiForSure and TaxiPixi are mobile-application based cab booking services that operated in Delhi for the past few months. According to an estimate, close to 10,000 taxis are associated with these applications.
Delhi has close to 5,000 radio taxis run by six operators. Apart from this, a large number of economy taxis, which are operated by individual owners-drivers, too ply in Delhi and can be hailed from neighbourhood taxi stands.
A Delhi court sent the Uber taxi driver accused of raping the 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days.
The Delhi police are considering legal action against Uber for hiring the driver, who was arrested and jailed on allegations of sexual assault on a previous occasion, without running a background check.
Commuters say regulate cabs
The Delhi government's decision to ban the app-based cab booking service Uber has evoked strong reactions from the public.
"This is the only thing that can be expected from the government. Rather than regulating the cab services and making sure that implementation of law is better, they have decided to ban the service," said Kavita Kumar, a Delhi University teacher who is a regular Uber user.
Calling the government’s reaction kneejerk, a number of people questioned if banning was the solution to such crimes.
"If tomorrow someone gets raped aboard a bus, will you ban buses? This is not the way to deal with these problems. Have strict rules and make people follow those rules. Cabs are a great way for people to travel, especially at night. Banning them is just a way to say that people, especially women, should not go outside the house at night," said Manisha Yadav, a Delhi University student.
The outrage against the ban was also evident on websites such as Facebook and Twitter.
"Two months ago, an auto driver raped a mentally challenged girl in an auto. Did the government ban autos then?" said Suryanarayan Ganesh on Twitter.
A number of people also used the opportunity to make fun of the decision.
"India should ban India. There will be no rapes then," said one.

Not for your eyes: Govt holds on to Netaji death documentsprint
The BJP’s refusal to declassify documents related to Netaji Subhas Bose’s death is mystifying. We deserve explanations, writes Vir Sanghvi
In late November the government rejected an application filed under the Right To Information Act (RTI) seeking access to documents pertaining to the death of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose. The release of these documents, the government said, would adversely affect our relations with foreign countries.
At one level, this refusal should have come as no surprise. The UPA had also refused to release these papers on similar grounds. So the BJP was merely upholding an administrative position of long standing. But there was a problem: Throughout its time in Opposition the BJP attacked the UPA for not making the documents public. And Rajnath Singh even assured the country that a future BJP government would release the papers.
So, what explains this about turn? Why has the BJP changed its mind? And what do the documents contain that is so sensitive that it would damage our relations with other countries?
 
For Indian conspiracy buffs, the disappearance/death of Netaji is our equivalent of the assassination of John F Kennedy. Just as conspiracy theories continue to swirl around JFK’s death, there has always been disquiet in India over the official version of Netaji’s death. And with each passing year, the number of conspiracy theories grows.
The official version is that after the defeat of Japan in World War II, Netaji, whose Indian National Army (INA) had fought alongside the Japanese, sought safe haven elsewhere in the world. As part of this journey, Netaji flew out from Formosa (now Taiwan) on August  18, 1945. The plane broke into two while taking off and Netaji was badly burnt in the crash. He died a few hours later in a local hospital and his body was cremated within two days. His ashes were taken to Tokyo and handed over to the Renkoji Temple where they remain to this day.
While the Japanese swore that this version was accurate, offering up witnesses such as the attending doctors and nurses, it was greeted with some scepticism by Netaji’s followers. The British Raj commissioned an intelligence officer named John Figgess to investigate the death and after interviewing witnesses he confirmed the Japanese version of events. But though the Figgess report should have set the matter to rest, Netaji’s followers were not convinced.
During the later part of the freedom struggle, Bose’s approach (aligning with Britain’s enemies in World War II) had not found favour with Mahatma Gandhi, Jawaharlal Nehru or Sardar Patel. So many of Bose’s supporters continued to believe that their leader was alive and would return to challenge the Congress triumvirate.
But if Bose was indeed alive and the Japanese were lying about the crash, then where exactly was he hiding and why?
Over the years, several different answers to these questions have been provided. The first was that he was in self-imposed exile and would re-appear at the right time. When he did not turn up, a second version developed: He had secretly returned to India and become a sadhu, a baba or a saint.  Various sightings (including one at Jawaharlal Nehru’s funeral) were reported and though most were revealed to be mistaken, the Netaji-as-baba theory remains current, even popping up in a report commissioned by the NDA government.
But why would the martial-minded Netaji become a baba? Why would he not reveal himself to his family and followers? Why would he lie about his true identity?
Because there were no satisfactory answers to these questions and because, even if Netaji did survive the crash, he would almost certainly be dead by now, a new set of theories has emerged over the last decade.
In these accounts, Netaji went off to Russia to seek safe haven (contemporary accounts say he had considered this) and that the Japanese invented the plane crash story to keep the Allies from looking for him and lied to the British investigators. (This is just about plausible).
But what happened next? Well, here the theories diverge. Perhaps Stalin bumped him off. Perhaps he ended up in a gulag where he died eventually. Or (and this is the bit that gets Sanghi conspiracy theorists really excited), the Soviets did a deal with Jawaharlal Nehru to keep him in jail or kill him so that he could not return to India and upset the Congress apple-cart. In some versions of the story, Netaji was carrying steel boxes full of treasure which the Soviets and the Congress stole from him.
It is easy to laugh at these conspiracy theories but some facts are indisputable: Most of Bose’s lieutenants who had accompanied him on his travels were not allowed to get on the plane with him. They never saw a body. No photographs were taken of Bose after the crash. There are no photos of the body. And there is no death certificate. So it is possible to argue that the Japanese faked his death to allow him to escape the advancing British army.
Various Indian governments have attempted to put the mystery to rest and three different commissions have been appointed. But none of their reports (one of which was later rejected by the UPA government) did anything to stop the speculation — just as the many reports into the JFK assassination have been ignored by conspiracy buffs.
It was believed that if the government declassified the secret documents, it might help in establishing the truth once and for all. The BJP’s reversal of its earlier stand is, therefore, all the more mystifying. Nor does the reason offered   (adversely affect relations with foreign countries) make any sense. Even if Stalin imprisoned or killed Netaji, the present Soviet regime is hardly likely to be held responsible. Nor would we blame today’s Japanese government for the actions of the World War II regime.
So why hide the papers? Why keep the conspiracy theories alive? And why deny India the truth about the death of one of its great freedom fighters?
We deserve some explanations.

J-K  J khand assembly polls third round voting todayComments
More than 6 million people across 17 constituencies in Jharkhand and 16 assembly segments in Jammu and Kashmir will vote Tuesday in the third round of the ongoing state elections.
A security guard monitors proceedings as voters wait to cast their votes outside a polling station near Jharkhand capital Ranchi. (PTI file photo)
In J-K, security forces are on high alert in major districts such as Pulwama, Baramulla and Budgam in the wake of last week's terrorist strikes that left 22 dead, including 11 security men.
All eyes will be on Uri and Tral constituencies, which were hit by the militant violence. The first two phases of elections in the state saw a record turnout of over 70%, with voters ignoring boycott calls by separatists and militant outfits.
Give BJP a chance, PM Modi appeals to Kashmir
The fate of top leaders, including chief minister Omar Abdullah, will be decided in this phase of polling.
The spotlight is on the National Conference (NC) leader's newly chosen constituency, Beerwah, where he contests against opposition Peoples Democratic Party's (PDP) sitting legislator, Muhammad Shafi Wani.
Shia votes, consolidated by the ruling NC over a period of time, are a key to victory in the constituency.
Three of Abdullah's cabinet colleagues -- the NC's Abdul Rahim Rather, Congress' Taj Mohiuddin and the Democratic Party Nationalist's Ghulam Hassan Mir -- face an anti-incumbency test from Charar-e-Sharief, Uri and Tangmarg constituencies.
Buoyed by their stunning successes in recent polls, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is also trying to expand its presence in the militancy-torn state and hopes to win over independents and smaller groups to cobble together a government.
However, the party may not succeed because of the absence of a prominent face.
For the PDP, the challenge is to retain four seats in its stronghold, Pulwama, where it has fielded a new entrant, former banker Haseeb Drabu.
Analysts have said the NC faces a tough time due to an anti-incumbency wave, especially after the September floods.
The focus will also be on Sopore, hometown of hardline Hurriyat chairman Syed Ali Geelani, for poll percentage. Only 19% cast their votes in the 2008 election.
In Jharkhand, too, the third phase will decide the fate of many big political leaders, including a former chief minister and three cabinet ministers.
The mineral-rich state saw record turnouts in the first two phases, when 63.35% and 68.01% cast their ballot, even in areas hit by Maoist violence.
"The voter turnout in the first two phases indicates the turnout will be greater even in the third phase," said Jharkhand chief electoral officer PK Jajoria.
A total of 289 candidates are vying for a spot in the 81-member assembly, including former chief minister Babulal Marandi of the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik and former deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto of the All Jharkhand Students' Union (AJSU) Party.
The Congress is hoping for big gains but will face a tough challenge from the Narendra Modi-led BJP as it seeks to expand its national footprint.
The party is confident of bagging at least 12 seats in the state that has seen nine CMs and has been under President's Rule three times in the 14 years since it came into existence.
The Congress, Rashtriya Janata Dal and the ruling Jharkhand Mukti Morcha will face each other in all 17 constituencies after they ended their 16-month alliance in October. 
The Election Commission has deployed around 41,000 security personnel as Maoists hold sway in at least eight constituencies and declared 1,957 of 5,865 polling stations hyper sensitive.

Oil producers face  huge liabilities  in climate dealDec 09, 2014, 08.29 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
'Oil producers face 'huge liabilities' in climate deal'
Saudi Arabia’s top climate negotiator said on Monday that growing pressure to phase out fossil fuels does not help the UN climate negotiations and that a new climate deal should help oil producers diversify their economies.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Oil producers face 'huge liabilities' in climate deal'
Saudi Arabia’s top climate negotiator said on Monday that growing pressure to phase out fossil fuels does not help the UN climate negotiations and that a new climate deal should help oil producers diversify their economies.
Post your opinion here
 
Saudi Arabia’s top climate negotiator said on Monday that growing pressure to phase out fossil fuels does not help the UN climate negotiations and that a new climate deal should help oil producers diversify their economies.
As UN climate change negotiations enter their second week in Lima, chief Saudi Arabian negotiator Khalid AbuLeif said a deal on climate change to be finalized next year in Paris should address the "vulnerabilities" of countries whose economies are dependent on a single resource or sector.
But pressure from environmentalists to end fossil fuel use and the possibility of a climate deal that calls for zero emissions by mid-century could get in the way of progress, he said.
"With a concept like zero emissions and ‘let’s knock fossil fuels out of the picture’, without clear technology diffusion and international cooperation program, you are really not helping the process," he told reporters Monday.
The future climate deal is inherently at odds with the objectives of oil exporters, AbuLeif said.
“Inevitably oil producers are going to be faced with huge liabilities if the implementation of the convention is advocating a move away from fossil fuels."
AbuLeif's remarks came as green groups protested at an event co-sponsored by Royal Dutch Shell Plc and the Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute on the sidelines of UN talks on reconciling climate targets with economic growth and fossil fuel use.
"Without tackling the influence of the fossil fuel industry, we're never going to stop dangerous climate change," environmental group 350.org said.
Green groups have argued that the current period of low oil prices, which have slumped 40 percent since the summer, should encourage investors and energy companies to weigh both the environmental and financial risks of burning all the world's known oil, gas and coal reserves.
Low oil prices have also raised concerns that policymakers will be less motivated to jumpstart renewable energy development.
AbuLeif said abandoning fossil fuels is premature because "2 billion people do not have access to energy."
A deal that offers new technology and money to help countries rely less on a single sector such as oil, tourism or agriculture would be key, he said.
"We know we are in a race with time. Climate change and economic diversification for us is hand in hand," AbuLeif said.
RELATED NEWS

Pakistan violates ceasefire ahead of JK polls todayDec 09, 2014, 08.22 AM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Pakistan violates ceasefire ahead of J&K polls today
Pakistani troops resorted to small arms firing in Hamirpur sub-sector in Poonch district around 21.30 hours after which the Indian troops guarding the border retaliated effectively, resulting in exchange of fire.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pakistan violates ceasefire ahead of J&K polls today
Pakistani troops resorted to small arms firing in Hamirpur sub-sector in Poonch district around 21.30 hours after which the Indian troops guarding the border retaliated effectively, resulting in exchange of fire.
Post your opinion here
 
Just before the third phase of polling in Jammu and Kashmir on Tuesday, Pakistani troops on Monday night violated the ceasefire by resorting to small arms firing on some forward posts along the Line of Control (LoC) in Poonch district.
Pakistani troops resorted to small arms firing in Hamirpur sub-sector in Poonch district around 21.30 hours after which the Indian troops guarding the border retaliated effectively, resulting in exchange of fire. The exchange continued for 10 minutes. There was no casualty or injury to anyone due to the firing.
Sixty four crorepatis and nine candidates facing criminal charges are among the 138 in fray in 16 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir which will go to polls in the third phase on December 9. This phase will seal the fate of big names, including chief minister Omar Abdullah.
The sixteen constituencies are spread over three districts of Baramulla, Budgam and Pulwama, all in Kashmir Valley. The affidavits submitted by the candidates along with their nomination papers suggested that 64 are crorepatis and nine face criminal charges including attempt to murder and assault on a woman.
Other candidates have charges of cheating, forgery, rioting, criminal trespass and assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging his duty among others against them.
Opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has the highest number of crorepatis - 14 out of the 16, while the ruling National Conference (NC) has 14. The Congress has nine out of its 15 candidates, while BJP has two out of its eight candidates in the fray. Among the 54 Independents, 22 (41 per cent) have declared assets worth more than Rs 1 crore.
There are more rich candidates in the third phase (46 per cent) in comparison to the first two phases.
Meanwhile in Jharkhand, 17 assembly seats will go to polls in the third phase where nearly 50 lakh voters will decide the fate of 289 candidates including three independents.
The constituencies going to the poll are: Kodarma, Barkatha, Barhi, Barkagaon, Ramgarh, Mandu, Hazaribagh, Simaria (SC), Dhanwar, Gomia, Bermo, Ichagarh, Silli, Khijri (ST), Ranchi, Hatia and Kanke (SC). They are spread over eight districts - Ranchi, Hazaribagh, Bokaro, Chatra, Seraikella/Kharsawan, Ramgarh,
More than 80 candidates with criminal cases against their names are in the fray in the third phase of polls. CPIM candidate, Heera Gope from Badkagoan constituency in Jharkhand has more than 18 criminal cases against him while Kashi Nath singh, the JVM candidate from Beramo has six criminal cases against him of serious nature.
In fact, Jharkhand is the only state where Madhu Koda, despite being an Independent and tainted MLA went on to become the chief Minister in 2006 and finally had to go behind bars on corruption charges. Most political parties have freely distributed tickets to candidates with tainted backgrounds, only considering the winibility factor.
Marandi, who became the first chief minister of the state after resigning from the erstwhile Atal Bihari Vajpayee council of ministers on November 15, 2000, is locked in a tight contest at Dhanwar constituency which was won by his Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (Prajatantrik) candidate Nizzamudin Ansari in the 2009 Assembly elections.
RELATED NEWS

Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for December 09Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ganeshaspeaks: Market prediction for December 09
From pre-opening to 11:00 today, Nifty shall trade around the surface, creating a zigzag graph. The overall trend shall be boring, says Ganesha.
Post your opinion here
By Shri Dharmesh Joshi of Ganeshaspeaks
Please consider 10 minutes plus and minus in each prediction, and act accordingly.
Ganesha advises you to compare every prediction with the prediction of the previous time slot.
Jupiter shall start transiting in a retrograde motion from today onwards.
However, if you individually get any new opportunity, you may move ahead, says Ganesha.
The overall planetary positions bode well, and there may be a happy, auspicious occasion arranged at your home, this week, says Ganesha.
From pre-opening to 11:00 today, Nifty shall trade around the surface, creating a zigzag graph. The overall trend shall be boring.
The time during 11:00 to 11:50 may be termed as the No-Position Zone.
Nifty may make you attempt jobbing around a psychological figure during 11:50 to 14:10, feels Ganesha.
During 14:10 to the closing bell for the day, a W-shaped graph may get created at the market. However, you are advised to take your position as per the Nifty figure at 14:10, and act accordingly.
Shri Dharmesh Joshi is a protege of Bejan Daruwalla and belongs to the team of astrologers declared as official successors to his astrological legacy, by none other than Bejan Daruwalla himself, in an event in Mumbai on the 23rd Nov, 2009.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/astrologers on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Brent hits 5-year low below $66 on oversupply worriesBrent hits 5-year low below $66 on oversupply worries
Indian ADRs: Infosys down 4%  Tata Motors slipsIndian ADRs: Infosys down 4%  Tata Motors slips
RBI to clarify new guidelines for small finance  payment banks.RBI to clarify new guidelines for small finance  payment banks.
Union FM to inaugurate Two Day Delhi Economics Conclave-2014Union FM to inaugurate Two Day Delhi Economics Conclave-2014
Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy  OnMobile Global in Focus TodaySun Pharma  Ranbaxy  OnMobile Global in Focus Today
Stocks in news: Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy  ITC  Cadila  OnMobileStocks in news: Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy  ITC  Cadila  OnMobile
Sangam Health: Updates on open offerDec 09, 2014, 08.46 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sangam Health: Updates on open offer
Sangam Health Care Products Ltd ( Target Company) has submitted to BSE a copy of Recommendation of the Committee of Independent Director in accordance with Regulation 26(7) of SEBI Regulations, 2011.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sangam Health: Updates on open offer
Sangam Health Care Products Ltd ( Target Company) has submitted to BSE a copy of Recommendation of the Committee of Independent Director in accordance with Regulation 26(7) of SEBI Regulations, 2011.
Post your opinion here
 
Sangam Health Care Products Ltd ( Target Company) has submitted to BSE a copy of Recommendation of the Committee of Independent Director in accordance with Regulation 26(7) of SEBI Regulations, 2011.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Here are top 10 stocks to focus on December 9Dec 09, 2014, 08.50 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are top 10 stocks to focus on December 9
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on December 9 - Idea Cellular, Opto Circuits, Karnataka Bank, Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy, Spicejet, OnMobile Global, Bajaj Finserv, Max India and Cadila Health.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are top 10 stocks to focus on December 9
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on December 9 - Idea Cellular, Opto Circuits, Karnataka Bank, Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy, Spicejet, OnMobile Global, Bajaj Finserv, Max India and Cadila Health.
Post your opinion here

Cadila recalls 15 144 bottles of hypertension drug in USDec 09, 2014, 12.14 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Cadila recalls 15,144 bottles of hypertension drug in US
As per information available on the USFDA website, Zydus Pharmaceuticals USA Inc, the US-based arm of the company, is recalling the drug due to "discoloration".
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cadila recalls 15,144 bottles of hypertension drug in US
As per information available on the USFDA website, Zydus Pharmaceuticals USA Inc, the US-based arm of the company, is recalling the drug due to "discoloration".
Post your opinion here
 
Cadila Healthcare  is voluntarily recalling 15,144 bottles of its anti-hypertension drug Amlodipine Besylate tablets in the US market, according to the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA). As per information available on the USFDA website, Zydus Pharmaceuticals USA Inc, the US-based arm of the company, is recalling the drug due to "discoloration".
"Brown spots were noted embedded in Amlodipine Besylate Tablets, 10 mg," the US health regulator said. The nationwide recall has been initiated by the company on October 1 this year and has been initiated under Class-III which FDA defined as "a situation in which use of or exposure to a violative product is not likely to cause adverse health consequences".

Meet India s Best CEOs for 2014Story
Who wants to be a CEO?
The king is dead, long live the commoner. May she also stay out of CAG reports.
Team BT        Edition: Dec 21, 2014
BT Photo
Tim Cook is lauded for coming out of the closet and Satya Nadella lambasted for an insensitive remark on equal pay for women. Marissa Mayer is criticised for resuming work too soon - 14 days - after giving birth to a baby boy. Mark Zuckerberg's grey T-shirt is the biggest point of interest at some of his "news" conferences.
This is the era of the always-under-the-lens CEO. That gets compounded by the fact that this is also the era of the short-lived CEO.
The average CEO tenure shrank by nearly two years between the years 2000 and 2012. It rose slightly after that because a handful of them delayed their retirement to tide over the financial crisis. In the last four years alone, two General Motors CEOs were out in nine months each. In contrast, the first of them, Alfred P. Sloan Jr., lasted 23 years and 24 days in the job.
But then, Sloan was part of the first crop, those who took charge around the time the concept of the CEO took shape in 1917. They - Henry Ford, John D. Rockefeller, and others - were the modern, industrial monarchs. They were the human embodiment of their companies, the kind that went on to have foundations and fellowships named after them.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best CEOs 2014
Their days are gone. Gone also is the office culture of the 1960s, where men drank and smoked in office meeting and dealt with their secretaries in a manner that would have them fired under today's laws. The end of that culture may have something to do with the rise of the woman CEO ; 26 of the Fortune 500 CEOs are women.
In India, some of the most redoubtable woman CEOs are in banking and financial services - the one sector that is not part of this year's BT Best CEO study. But the role of the CEO has expanded no less here. They have to not just manage their companies but also cope with rapidly changing policies - some of which change retrospectively - without the benefit of legal lobbying. They can no longer coast along once a licence has been obtained, as their predecessors before 1991 could.
The modern CEO still manages budgets, but that may seem like a cakewalk in comparison to managing talent. Today's workforce is a pool of people whose aspirations rise as their commitment to an employer falls. They are also fiercely touchy about access to the social media - ask Vishal Sikka of Infosys. The social media, by the way, also has customers and trolls. And the CEO has to deal with all this while making sure that her name, or that of her company, does not appear in a CAG report.
Given the travails, the least we can do is raise a toast to those who have done well. Turn the pages for stories of success and brace up to meet some unforgettable personalities.

Want Glenmark to become an innovative firmStory
Innovating to thrive
Glenn Saldanha aims to get a new drug to market and position Glenmark as an innovation-driven company.
E Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
Glenn Saldanha, chairman and managing director, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals | Best CEO: Pharma & Healthcare (Mid-sized Companies) | (Photo: Rachit Goswami)
When Glenn Saldanha took over at the helm of Glenmark Pharmaceuticals in 1998 it was a Rs 80-crore, India-focused drug maker. He has transformed Glenmark since then. The company, founded by his late father Gracias Saldanha, now employs 11,200 people in about 80 countries and reported sales of Rs 6,006 crore in 2013/14.
That growth, like in the case of most Indian drugmakers, was driven primarily by generic drugs , or copycat versions of drugs discovered by companies in the developed markets. But Saldanha has been charting a different course. He is among the few in India who is betting big on basic drug discovery. "The branded generic business, ultimately, is a commodity business," he says. "The end goal has to be innovation. You have to be innovative in the long run to survive as a pharmaceutical company."
About Glenn Saldanha
So, while most Indian drugmakers today talk of copycat biotech drugs called biosimilars being the future of medicine, Saldanha is focused on novel biologics, or innovative biotech drugs. By March 2015, he says, Glenmark will have four novel biologics, including one that can be used in oncology, in clinical development. "This is a landmark both for Glenmark and for India," he says, adding that no other company has done this out of India so far.
Saldanha says biosimilars is a good opportunity but "the regulatory pathway in this segment is not clear in the US and we are not sure how Big Pharma will respond". He also feels that there is excess capacity in biosimilars and that it is expensive to develop such products as each could cost between $50 million and $70 million.
IN PICTURES: India's Best CEOs 2014
Saldanha attributes much of his approach to business to his training in the US. After graduating in pharmacy in Mumbai, he went to New York University's Leonard Stern School of Business for MBA. In the US, he first worked with Eli Lily where he was one of the brand managers for Prozac, the best-selling anti-depressant. He then moved on PricewaterhouseCoopers where, as a consultant, he worked with Rhone Poulenc Rhorer, Bristol Myers Squibb, and SmithKline Beecham.
"You have to be innovative in the long run to survive as a pharmaceutical company"
Saldanha, whose role model is the late Apple Inc co-founder Steve Jobs, says the biggest challenge he faced was the lack of funds to invest in innovation. "To deal with this we came out with the outlicensing model where we would partner with big pharmaceutical companies, give them rights for the developed markets and keep some rights for emerging markets," he says. Glenmark, says Saldanha, is the only Indian company following this model successfully and has earned $230 million through outlicensing. In May 2011, it announced a deal with French drug major Sanofi for a molecule to treat Crohn's Disease and other inflammatory conditions such as Multiple Sclerosis. Glenmark got $50 million as upfront payment. The total payment could touch about $613 million if it meets certain milestones.
The other nominees: Pharma & Healthcare (Mid-sized companies)
Adiyta Khemka, senior analyst at Ambit Capital and who has earlier worked at Glenmark, says the company has over the years steadfastly held on to its belief that innovation is the way forward. "If you look at the last five to six years, the company has actually lagged its generic competitors simply because its focus is more on being an innovation company rather than a hardcore generics player," he says. "Given its size, Glenmark spends the most on innovation R&D and if I were to put my money on who among the leading Indian pharma companies will be the first innovator on a global scale and put their product in markets of the US and Europe, it would probably be Glenmark."
Saldanha has a clear way ahead for the company. "I can give you a 10-year road map and that is to transform Glenmark into a innovation-led organisation with 30 per cent of revenues coming from innovative products," he says.
While so far research and development activities have been taking much of his time, Saldanha also has other priorities. His focus today is also on managing to grow the main revenue generating generic-drugs business. "It is always a balancing act between short-term priorities and long-term goals," he says.
PROFILES: India's Gladiators
Spending quality time with his family is another priority. He spends a couple of hours every day with his family, especially his two daughters, and to play badminton. He eschews a flashy lifestyle and believes it is important to be humble. "Humility keeps you grounded. It is critical to be grounded because life has ups and downs. While it is easy to scale up, it is very hard to scale down. You have to be ready for the worst and for that you have to have humility and a modest lifestyle."

Trader Rare EnterprisesDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Former Chairman Goldman SachsFormer Chairman
Goldman Sachs
Jim was the chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM). As chairman, he was involved in helping guide all aspects of GSAMs business around the world. Jim earned a degree in economics from Sheffield University in 1978 and a PhD from the University of Surrey in 1982. He received an honorary doctorate from the Institute of Education, University of London, in 2009 for his educational philanthropy.
ABOUT Jim O`Neill
Jim was the chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM). As chairman, he was involved in helping guide all aspects of GSAMs business around the world. Jim earned a degree in economics from Sheffield University in 1978 and a PhD from the University of Surrey in 1982. He received an honorary doctorate from the Institute of Education, University of London, in 2009 for his educational philanthropy.

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty post worst drop in nearly 8 wks; Infosys share price plunges 5 pctDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Indian markets logged their worst single-session drop in eight weeks today with Sensex plunging about 339 points and Nifty slipping 100 points on losses in Infosys, where co-founders sold USD 1 billion worth shares, and other bluechips like TCS, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank.
M&M, Sesa Sterlite, Dr Reddys, Hindalco and Tata Steel counters dropped in 2-4 per cent range. L&T, RIL and Tata Motors were also under pressure.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell to touch the day’s low of 28,097.12 following fall in recent outperformers like HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. However, the index attempted to rebound as it touched the session’s high of 28,494.85 on value buying.
Participants, however, later again resorted to selling, spread over a broad front. Sensex settled the day at 28119.40, down 338.70 points, or 1.19 per cent. On Friday, it had slipped 104.72 points on profit-selling. This 338.7-point drop is its worst since October 16 when it fell 349.99 points.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty dipped below the key 8,500-mark by tumbling 100.05 points, or 1.17 per cent, to close, at 8,438.25. Intra-day, it traded in a range between 8,432.25 and 8,546.35. This was also its worst drop since October 16 (fall of 115.80 points).
“The decline was led by the IT counters as sentiments got a hit after some of the founders of IT major Infosys decided to sell USD 1.1 billion shares. Further, profit booking in capital goods, consumer durables and banking stocks also pushed the benchmark in red,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Infosys counter fell 4.88 per cent, the worst performer in Sense,. TCS tumbled 2.51 per cent and Wipro shed 1.62 per cent in line with weak trend in IT shares.
Shares of metal companies, including Sesa, Hindalco and Tata Steel, faced selling after weak Chinese trade data.
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 3.18 per cent, followed by Teck 2.58 per cent, Realty 1.80 per cent, Capital Goods 1.72 per cent and Consumer Durables 1.41 per cent. Overall, 11 of the 12 sectoral indices ended in red.
Pressure was also seen in smaller stocks. BSE Small cap index ended 0.87 per cent down while the Mid-cap index shed as much as 1.22 per cent.
Global cues were mixed with Asian bourses ending higher and Europe was down in its opening trades.
Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 109.45 crore on Friday as per provisional data.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex Sensex And Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Rupee slips from 2-wk high  closes 6 paise downForex Update: Rupee slips from two-week high, closes 6 paise down at 61.83 against dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 18:43 IST
Photo: Reuters
The rupee fell from its two-week high on Monday and ended 6 paise down at 61.83 against the Greenback on fresh dollar demand from importers amid weak equities.
The local currency was also dragged down as the US dollar was trading at its highest level in over five years against a basket of major currencies, buoyed by a surprisingly robust employment data.
"Fresh capital outflows as well as renewed dollar demand from oil companies amidst some caution ahead of the inflation data based on Wholesale Price Index also added pressure on the local unit", a forex dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex), the domestic unit resumed sharply lower at 61.94 as against last weekend's closing level of 61.77.
It drifted further to touch an intra-day low of 61.98 before regaining some ground from earlier nervousness to finish at 61.83, posting a fall of 6 paise, or 0.10 per cent.
The rupee had recovered 15 paise to close at two-week high of 61.77 against the dollar on last Friday.
Meanwhile, the benchmark S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex plummeted sharply by 1.19 per cent or 339 points - its biggest one-day fall in nearly eight weeks.
Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth Rs 109.45 crore on last Friday, as per provisional data.
The dollar index, which measures the Greenback against a basket of six major currencies, was marginally up by 0.04 per cent after hitting a peak of 89.53, the strongest level since March 2009.

Defence needs; Essar Steel to shift focus to value-added special steel at HaziraDefence needs; Essar Steel to shift focus to value-added special steel at Hazira
OUR BUREAU
Currently, ESIL manufactures about 30 per cent value-added steel out of its total capacity of 10 mtpa at Hazira.
Ahmedabad, Dec 8:  
With the Centre emphasizing defence-related manufacturing in a big way as part of its “Make in India” campaign and involving private sector in defence equipment production domestically, Essar Steel India Ltd (ESIL) is all set to shift its focus to produce value-added niche steel and its products at its Hazira facility where it has so far invested about Rs 37,000 crore.
Currently, ESIL manufactures about 30% value-added steel out of its total capacity of 10 million tons per annum (mtpa) at Hazira. “We would now gradually shift our focus to utilize 70% of Hazira’s capacity to manufacture special steel for defence-related requirements in the next three to five years,” Dr. M. Venkatraman, Senior Vice-President and Head, R&D, Product Development and Applications Engineering, ESIL, told Business Line, here.
India currently imports more than one lakh tons of steel annually to meet various defence-related requirements. ESIL’s shift in emphasis would help make India self-reliant, save on precious foreign currency and also enter potential export market, he said.
He said Essar Steel has developed ultra-strength steel, known as Quenched and Tempered (QT) special alloy plates for battle tanks and other applications. This prompted the Defence Metallurgical Research Laboraroty (DMRL), Hyderabad, put in a major order with ESIL to develop special QT plates for use in the latest version of battle tanks. Essar Steel’s focus areas include requirements of the Navy, like submarines and warships, as also aircraft carriers.
Besides defence, India is set to witness increased demand for value-added special steel in sectors like space research, mining dumpers, earthmovers, infrastructure development, and nuclear and wind power energy. “The overall demand for these sectors is likely to be about two to three mtpa in the next 10 years.”
ESIL has set up extra-wide plate mill at Hazira with a production capacity of 1.5 mtpa, the only one of its kind in India capable of producing the widest plates conforming to global standards, Dr Venkatraman said.
Essar Steel, known for high quality flat steel products, would also focus on the automotive sector which is expected to see a surge in demand for high-strength grades of crash-resistant steel to suit their requirements. It has developed over 300 grades of flat steel for different applications. These include hot rolled, cold rolled, galvanized, color-coated, extra-wide plates and pipes, catering to industrial segments like auto, ship building, white and yellow goods, general engineering, power plants, hydrocarbon industry, pipe making, and defence, among others.
Its Hazira facility is India largest single-location integrated steel producer, comprising three iron making facilities of Direct Reduced Iron (DRI), Corex and blast furnaces, which gives it flexibility in the usage of raw materials and energy sources.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Wall Street s DemocratsIn Washington's coming budget battles, sacred cows like the tax deductions for home mortgage interest and charitable donations are likely to be on the table along with potential cuts to Social Security and Medicare.
But no one on Capitol Hill believes Wall Street's beloved carried-interest tax loophole will be touched.
Don't blame the newly elected Republican Congress.
Democrats didn't repeal the loophole when they ran both houses of Congress from January 2009 to January 2011. And the reason they didn't has a direct bearing on the future of the party.
First, let me explain why this loophole is the most flagrant of all giveaways to the super-rich.
Carried interest allows hedge-fund and private-equity managers, as well as many venture capitalists and partners in real estate investment trusts, to treat their take of the profits as capital gains -- taxed at maximum rate of 23.8 percent instead of the 39.6 percent maximum applied to ordinary income.
It's a pure scam. They get the tax break even though they invest other peoples' money rather than risk their own.
The loophole has no economic justification. As one private-equity manager told me recently, "I can't defend it. No one can."
It's worth about $11 billion a year -- more than enough to extend unemployment benefits to every one of America's nearly 3 million long-term unemployed.
The hedge-fund, private-equity, and other fund managers who receive this $11 billion are some of the richest people in America. Forbes lists 46 billionaires who have derived most of their wealth from managing hedge funds. Mitt Romney used the carried-interest loophole to help limit his effective tax rate in 2011 to 13.9 percent.
So why didn't Democrats close it when they ran Congress?
Actually, in 2010 House Democrats finally squeaked through a tax plan that did close the carried-interest loophole, but the Democratically-controlled Senate wouldn't go along.
Senator Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), one of those who argued against closing it, said the U.S. "shouldn't do anything" to "make it easier for capital and ideas to flow to London or anywhere else." As if Wall Street needed an $11 billion annual bribe to stay put.
To find the real reason Democrats didn't close the loophole, follow the money. Wall Street is one of the Democratic party's biggest contributors.
The Street donated $49.1 million to Democrats in 2010, according to the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics. Hedge-fund managers alone accounted for $5.88 million of the total. Schumer and a few other influential Democrats were among the industry's major beneficiaries.
Wall Street has continued to be generous to Democrats (as well as to Republicans).
The Democrats' unwillingness to close the carried-interest loophole when they could also goes some way to explaining why, almost six years after Wall Street's near meltdown, the Obama administration has done so little to rein in the Street.
Wall Street's biggest banks are far bigger now than they were then, yet they still have no a credible plan for winding down their operations if they get into trouble.
The Dodd-Frank Act, designed to prevent another Wall Street failure, has been watered down so much it's slush. There's been no move to resurrect the Glass-Steagall Act separating investment banking from commercial banking.
Not a not a single Wall Street executive has been prosecuted for his involvement in the frauds that caused the mess.
Wall Street was the fourth-largest contributor to Barack Obama's presidential campaign in 2008, and is already gearing up for Hillary Clinton's 2016 run.
Hedge-fund and private-equity managers are donating generously to Priorities USA Action, a super PAC dedicated to getting her elected.
Hedge-fund Renaissance Technologies has contributed $4 million to date (the largest single contribution); D.E. Shaw, another fund, has donated over $1 million; Khosla Ventures and Soros Fund Management, $1 million each; private-equity firm Ripplewood Holdings, $400,000.
Many Wall Street financiers have donated $25,000 (intended to be the maximum contribution) to the Ready for Hillary superPAC.
Robert Wolf, the former president of UBS' investment bank who now has his own advisory boutique, told "Politico" that six in ten Wall Street types are Democrats, and that "when and if she decides to run, [Hillary Clinton is] going to have an incredible support foundation from Wall Street."
Just because a candidate takes Wall Street money doesn't mean he or she is beholden to the Street.
But the reason Democrats have pulled their punches with the financial sector for years is because it's hard to punch the hand that feeds you.
This must stop. America can't tackle widening inequality without confronting the power and privilege lying behind it.
If the Democratic party doesn't lead the charge, who will?
ROBERT B. REICH's film "Inequality for All" is now available on DVD and blu-ray, and on Netflix. Watch the trailer below:
Follow Robert Reich on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RBReich
More:

Two scientific journals accepted a study by Maggie Simpson and Edna KrabappelBy Rachel Feltman December 8 Follow @rachelfeltman
I missed the episode where she got her doctorate. (AP Photo/Fox Broacasting Co.)
A pair of scientific journals accepted a nonsense paper from a made-up university with author names borrowed from "The Simpsons" TV show.
Whoops.
Other science journals have been duped by dummy papers. Last month we wrote about "Get me off Your F**king Mailing List," a riveting piece of scientific literature accidentally submitted to (and unexpectedly accepted by) a pay-for-play journal.
But the Simpson-themed bogus paper was submitted on purpose, Vox reports , in the hope of trapping a bad science journal in the act. Journals are meant to use a system called peer review -- where scientists read each other's papers to see if they seem reasonable -- to vet the articles they consider for publication. But in the age of the Internet, there are lots of publications that forgo peer review -- even if they claim to have rigorous standards. And some of these journals spam scientists, essentially offering to publish anything they send in for a fee.
Unlike the mailing list paper, this one isn't just a series of expletives. A quick skim wouldn't give the study away as false. But a cursory read (and a quick Googling of the authors) would do so immediately. The opening summary of the paper reads :
The Ethernet must work. In this paper, we confirm the improvement of e-commerce. WEKAU, our new methodology for forward-error correction, is the solution to all of these challenges.
You don't have to be an expert in ethernet connections or e-commerce to know that those are just a bunch of words strung together (in fact, it was created using a random text generator ). And you don't need to be a TV junkie to know that Maggie Simpson is a cartoon character.
And also a baby.
"I wanted first and foremost to come up with something that gives out the fake immediately," the actual author of the paper, Alex Smolyanitsky, told Vox . "My only regret is that the second author isn't Ralph Wiggum."
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Policy reform to support India s growth potential  says Moody sTamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops
The outlook for India’s rating would improve if fiscal, inflation and infrastructure metrics get better, a global report said.
“India’s Baa3 government bond rating balances the strong growth potential of its large and diverse economy against high fiscal deficits, recurrent inflationary pressures, as well as regulatory and infrastructure constraints on competitiveness,” said Moody’s Investors Service report.
The stable outlook on the rating is based on an expectation that Indian authorities will continue with policy efforts to improve the macro-economic balance and address structural constraints on growth, it said.
These conclusions are contained in the rating agency’s annual credit analysis on India.
Moody’s Investors Service report also India’s per capita income of USD 1,509 (2013) (about Rs 92,049) ranks in the bottom decile of all rated sovereigns, limiting government’s tax revenue base and increasing spending claims on its limited resources. It results in larger fiscal deficits compared to peers.
Other countries with similar scores for economic strength include Indonesia and Malaysia, which have better competitiveness, income and infrastructure metrics, but smaller economies and lower average real growth rates, it said.
The report said that “the outlook for India’s rating would improve if fiscal, inflation and infrastructure metrics were to move closer to Baa median scores.”
On the other hand, the outlook would weaken with a further deterioration in the fiscal position, or rising contingent liabilities from the state-owned banking sector, or a material decline in foreign exchange reserves coverage of external debt and imports.
India’s sovereign credit profile is based on four main analytic factors. These factors are economic strength, institutional strength, fiscal strength and susceptibility to event risk, it said.
Moody’s said India’s high economic strength is a key source of sovereign credit support. India’s GDP growth, savings and investment rates exceed comparable emerging-market averages.
Although growth slowed significantly between 2011 and 2014, Moody’s expects it to accelerate from between 5 per cent and 6 per cent over the next year to above 7 per cent thereafter, if global economic and financial conditions remain benign and the government effectively implements its macro-economic and structural reform agenda, it said.
Although inflation has declined in recent months, India’s inflation levels are high compared to rating peers.
The report pointed to recurrent inflation, regulatory complexity and weak infrastructure as constraints on the rating that reflect institutional challenges.
TAGS: Indian Economy Moody's
More from economy

Uber banned from operating in DelhiDelhi bans Uber, all web-based taxi services; Ola, TaxiForSure to be hit
Surabhi Agarwal & Archis Mohan | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 09:45 AM IST
Taxi-hailing service Uber's ride here came to a grinding halt on Monday, with transport authorities banning the US-based firm from operating in the national capital with immediate effect. The directive follows a taxi driver associated with Uber allegedly raping a 27-year-old woman on Friday night.
And the impact of the crime will not be felt just by Uber but by other app based taxi service companies as well. In a late night release on Monday, the Delhi Transport Authority said that only six taxi companies – Easy Cab, Mega Cab, Meru Cab, Chanson Cab, Yo Cab and Air Cab are allowed to operate as they are licensed with the Transport Department for ‘Radio Taxis’ in the National Capital Region. All other taxi service providers which include the likes of Ola Cabs and TaxiforSure among others are prohibited from operating in Delhi till they get license/permission from the Transport Department.
However, despite the ban, taxis enrolled with the Uber network were available for booking here late on Monday. A few taxi drivers Business Standard spoke to said they hadn't received any directive from the company to stop operations.
While the incident is bound to have an impact on Uber's operations in India, its second-largest market outside the US, other states Uber operates in such as Maharashtra have ruled out a ban. But home-grown taxi booking companies, which have mushroomed of late and have a business model similar to Uber's, might have stricter security norms imposed on them.
ALSO READ:  New Bill to bring aggregators like Uber under law
The Centre is understood to be of the view that banning Uber won't help resolve the issue of the company flouting norms such as police verification of its drivers. In the absence of police verification, which takes months at times, the government is likely to propose Aadhaar as the basis for verification of drivers. "Penalise the person for the act, not the entire company," said a government official, adding the employment-generating potential of companies such as Uber had to be kept in mind.
The Delhi government's directive has put those associated with the company in a quandary. In October, Lokhendra Singh, 27, quit his job as an executive at a back-end processing unit of a credit card company to start driving a taxi registered on the Uber network. Singh has all the requisite permits from local authorities. On Uber being banned from carrying out operations here, he said: "Main sadak pe aa jaunga (I will lose my livelihood)." Enrolling with Uber's rivals wouldn't help, as all such companies followed the same operating model, he added.
ALSO READ:  Uber complying with RBI norms, says deputy governor Khan
Working for Uber, Singh earned Rs 15,000-20,000 a month.
The police alleged Uber didn't carry out adequate background checks on the accused, previously acquitted of raping a victim inside his taxi in Delhi, after seven months in judicial custody in 2011.
The driver has been remanded in police custody for three days, for interrogation.
ALSO READ:  Why taxi operators sometimes don't follow rules
"Uber's services were in contravention of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, and the rules framed under it," the government said in a statement. It added for a journey within Delhi, the company provided a taxi with an all-India tourist permit, through its web application, which wasn't allowed by law.
Amid the uproar across the country against Friday's incident, which included demonstrations by Aam Aadmi Party members in front of the residence of Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick said in a statement, "We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery." He added currently, "clear background checks" were "absent" in India's commercial transportation licensing programmes. The comment was, however, seen as putting the blame for the crime on the authorities.
The incident is the latest in a set of troubles that Uber, recently valued at $40 billion, has seen globally. While Thailand is set to ask the company to cease operations in that country because it uses private cars, which lack fare meters, among other issues, in Vietnam, a government official said Uber's operations were illegal, as the company wasn't authorised to operate as a taxi service, the Wall Street Journal reported.
ALSO READ:  Uber and Delhi
However, Vietnam might consider ways to potentially legalise Uber's operations. In India, too, the case might be similar. On condition of anonymity, government officials said the matter was being discussed, adding Uber's unique operating model needed to be studied and novel solutions proposed. "In the West, Uber affords people part-time employment opportunities," said a central government official, indicating the government didn't want to end such avenues of employment. "Banning is not the way to resolve the issue."
Sources said Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu was likely to hold a meeting with Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung on the circumstances that led the Delhi government to ban Uber's services. The ministry is likely to issue an advisory to such transport operators. It is likely to suggest Aadhaar numbers be used for the verification of drivers.
(Sanjay Jog from Mumbai contributed to this story)
THE UBER DEBACLE
What has happened?
The Delhi transport department has banned and blacklisted Uber from providing any transport service in the national capital, with immediate effect
Why?
On Friday night, a taxi driver associated with Uber allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman passenger working for a finance company
Chequered past
The accused, Shiv Kumar Yadav, had earlier been acquitted of raping a woman in his taxi in Delhi, after spending seven months in judicial custody in 2011
What now?
A Delhi court has sent the driver to three days of police custody for interrogation
What is the police saying?
Uber did not conduct adequate background checks on the driver and the permits provided by it were in contravention of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, and the rules framed under it
What is Uber saying?
Currently, clear background checks are absent in its commercial transportation licensing programmes in India. It will work with the government to establish these and invest in technology to help make the capital a safer place for women
Industry implications
The incident is bound to impact Uber's operations in India, its second-largest market outside the US. Home-grown taxi booking companies with a similar business model might come under scrutiny, too
(This article first appeared in the print edition of Business Standard and has been updated to reflect late-night developments on Monday banning other app-based taxi services)

Hedge funds edge out VCs in race to buy into...You are here: Home > Collections
Hedge funds edge out VCs in race to buy into hot startups; invest $525 million this year
Madhav Chanchani, Biswarup Gooptu & Snigdha Sengupta, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 03.54AM IST
(The founder and CEO of a leading…)
MUMBAI | NEW DELHI: Hedge funds, for long the masters of the finance universe, are playing a game not quite their size in India by betting on early-stage companies and thus altering the balance of the startup industry as well as the riskcapital business in the country.
Recognised globally for their short-term investment horizon and preference for liquid, public market assets, these funds are pouring cash into Indian consumer Internet businesses, stoking anticipation among entrepreneurs and consternation amongst venture capitalists that compete for the same deals.
Vipul Parekh, the co-founder and chief financial officer of grocery etailing startup BigBasket, says that his company has had "at least six unsolicited meetings with hedge funds", even though the Bengaluru-based company is not in the market any more for additional capital.
He is not the only one. The founder and CEO of a leading auto comparison and purchase website, who is in the market to raise capital, said all potential investors he was talking to were hedge funds. "Hedge funds are seeking out companies that can absorb large amounts of capital and offer big returns," said Parekh of Bigbasket, which raised $33 million from a group of venture capital investors in September this year.
These funds, including Hong Kongbased Steadview Capital, Myriad Asset Management and Tybourne Capital Management, and New York-headquartered Falcon Edge Capital, are coming in the wake of one of the best known investment firms, Tiger Global, a leading investor in India's largest online retailer Flipkart. Also scouting for deals are Hillhouse Capital, one of the largest hedge fund investors in China, which has backed Internet giants such as Tencent and JD.com, and US-based hedge fund shops Think Investments and Green Oaks Capital.
This year, hedge funds have often edged out venture capital funds—which can invest only a tenth of total corpus in a single investment — from deal tables, pouring in about $525 million in some 18 deals, a near four-fold increase from the previous year, according to research firm Venture Intelligence.
  DIFFERENT APPROACHES
Venture capital firms and hedge funds differ in many respects, most notably in where they invest and for how long. For example, globally, top hedge funds such as Bridgewater Associates, Och-Ziff Capital Management and BlackRock Advisors are more traders than investors. They pour money into all types of assets classes and wait for weeks and months rather than years for a return. On the other hand venture capital funds such as Sequoia or Accel Partners mostly provide equity or debt to startups, which, if they turn out like a Facebook or a Google, can multiply their capital several hundred-fold. Venture investors are also prepared to wait much longer, sometimes even for 10 years.
For hedge funds, this unusual diversification into startup investing is partly born out of necessity. Several top flight hedge funds, caught on the wrong foot in the markets, have shut shop over the last one year. Several of them lost money heavily in the commodities' rout, which has seen crude oil trade at 5-year lows and gold and silver lose sheen. Institutional investors, too, have become wary of putting money in hedge funds after the US SEC tightened insider trading norms.
INDIA INTEREST
Analysts say hedge funds are making a beeline to India's internet commerce sector for a reason. "They have lost out on emerging markets, but this region (India) offers them an opportunity to strike early," said Satyajit Chakraborty, associate vice president at Mumbai-based fund management and investment banking shop Nine Rivers Capital.
Tiger, which entered the Indian startup market in 2010, currently sports the largest portfolio of Internet startups, including Flipkart, CommonFloor, Ola and Quikr. Tiger and its peers are part of a growing tribe of global hedge funds often referred to as 'crossover funds' because of their investments in unlisted companies, notably in the Internet sector.
"The underlying factors driving hedge funds to startups are very high returns for some very public deals such as Facebook, Alibaba and Twitter," said Steven Kaplan, professor of entrepreneurship and finance at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. Some venture investors looking to exit from portfolio companies also welcome the rush of hedge fund money.
"(They) represent a new force of welcome capital for growth and pre-IPO companies. Their presence is a show of strength for exits, especially through IPOs, in the short-to-medium time frame," said Sudhir Sethi, chairman and managing partner at IDG Ventures India. The Bengaluru fund recorded a handsome exit from fashion portal Myntra when it was acquired by Flipkart which is backed by Tiger Global.

http://usat.ly/1D0IKANCrude oil swoons to 5-year low, gas prices to follow
Gas prices likely to accelerate slide on renewed fall in crude oil.
Post to Facebook
Crude oil swoons to 5-year low, gas prices to follow Gas prices likely to accelerate slide on renewed fall in crude oil. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D0IKAN
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
32
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Crude oil swoons to 5-year low, gas prices to follow
Gary Strauss, USA TODAY 2:25 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
An oil well.
1372 CONNECT 95 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN 32 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Crude oil prices accelerated their six-month slide Monday, plunging to fresh five-year lows after a key investment  bank bearclawed the energy market,  a major producer slashed its drilling and exploration budget by more than 20% and fresh reports pointed to slowing global economic growth.
The  4% drop in crude oil prices crimped Wall Street, pushing the Standard & Poor's 500 Index down 0.7% to 2060 and igniting big losses among already hard-hit energy producers and oil patch stocks. The  latest drop in oil is likely to fuel fresh cuts in gasoline prices in the weeks ahead, saving consumers, shippers and airlines billions. Oil prices have yet to find a bottom.
"We're in a tailspin,'' says Tom Kloza, global head of energy analysis at the Oil Price Information Service. "The world is facing a possible glut of oil in 2015.  Consumers typically paid $470 billion-$480 billion for motor fuel between 2011 to 2013. We're on track for about $449 billion this year and likely to pay $75 billion to $100 billion less next year."
Gasoline  prices, averaging $2.67 a gallon nationwide — vs. $3.26 a year ago — are likely to fall to about $2.50 before year's end, Kloza says.
West Texas Intermediate crude — the benchmark for U.S. oil prices — ended at $63.05 a barrel, down 4.3%, its lowest close since July 2009. Brent crude — which reflects the broader, global market — sank 4% to $66.10, its lowest since September 2009. Since peaking at about $107 a barrel in June, West Texas crude has  dropped more than 40%.
"It's just the path of least resistance right now,'' says Tamar Essner, lead energy analyst for NASDAQ. "Until the market senses that (investors) don't need to be long crude, it's going to go lower."
Monday's plunge was nowhere near last month's Black Friday selloff, when oil prices sank 10% after the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) couldn't agree on production cuts. The damage was widespread, roiled by investment bank Morgan Stanley, which said in a report that while OPEC production holds and U.S. production surges, Brent crude could fall to as low as $43 a barrel in the second quarter of 2015, a 35% drop from current levels.
ConocoPhillips (COP) , the world's  fifth-largest energy company, announced plans to slash capital spending by about 20% and reduce spending on development energy drilling by 23%.  China, the world's second-biggest economy, said November exports grew at a lower-than-expected 4.7%, while No. 3 Japan said its economy shrank at a larger-than-expected 1.9%.
As North American production climbs and more supply comes from oil-rich states such as Libya and Iraq, oil futures are likely to remain relatively low for at least the next year, perhaps even longer. Futures contracts point to crude oil prices remaining below $70 until 2017, Essner says.
Production cuts and geopolitical risks could prop up or push oil prices higher before then. But for now, oil "is in a bear market that hasn't found its bottom yet,'' Essner says.
Brian Milne, energy editor at Schneider Electric, suggests crude could fall below $60. Like other analysts, Milne has repeatedly slashed energy prices. "In the middle of the summer, I was looking at gasoline maybe below $3.10 a gallon and $2.75 by Thanksgiving. Now, we're probably going below $2.50. Prices have come down hard,'' Milne says.
Perhaps nowhere is that more evident than in oil and energy services stocks. After Monday's losses, they're off as much as 90% from 52-week highs.
Among Monday's losers: Goodrich Petroleum (GDP ), down 20% to $2.96; Sanchez Energy ( SN), down 20% to $7; Oasis Petroleum (OAS) , off 16% to $12.03;  Oneok (OKE) , off 8% to $48.34 and Seadrill (SDRL ), down 6% to $11.57. Among larger-cap companies, Halliburton (HAL) fell 4.4% to $38.59 and Chevron (CVX) lost 3.8% to $106.70.
ConocoPhillips (COP) fell 4% to $65.03.
Follow Strauss on Twitter@gstrauss_
1372 CONNECT 95 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN 32 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1D0IKAN
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

UK watchdog intervenes in Google caseUK watchdog intervenes in Google case
Jane Croft
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe4de7ac-7c76-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No whistleblower on briberyNo whistleblower on bribery
Facebook to roll out upgraded search for usersYou are here: Home > Collections > Facebook
Facebook to roll out upgraded search for mobile, desktop
AFP Dec 9, 2014, 07.18AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(Facebook said in August…)
NEW YORK: Facebook said Monday it is rolling out upgraded search capabilities for mobile and desktop users who want to find favorite posts from their friends on the huge social network.
"You've told us the most important thing is being able to find posts you've seen before, and now you can," said Facebook vice president Tom Stocky in a blog post.
"With a quick search, you can get back to a fun video from your graduation, a news article you've been meaning to read, or photos from your friend's wedding last summer."
Facebook said in August it was testing the search upgrade and that it would be available this week for users of Apple devices and on the desktop version of Facebook.
In 2013, Facebook announced its "graph search," which enabled users to dive into the vast amount of data which they can already access. The social network has promised upgrades to this service.
Facebook allows users to search posts, but only those to which they would have access under privacy guidelines, such as posts from friends and public messages.
"Your search results are personalized and unique to you and, as always, you can only see things that have been shared with you," Stocky said.
"Search at Facebook is a long-term effort. Today is a step toward helping you tap into the experiences and perspectives of your friends."Facebook to roll out upgraded search for mobile, desktop
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian Constitution s first Arabic translation launchedIndian Constitution s first Arabic translation launched
Nifty seen opening lower; have strong support at 8420Ashwani Gujral
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Tuesday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial support level of 8,420 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 14 points lower at 8,467 indicating a negative opening on the domestic market.
Markets would also react to current account data (CAD) which for the second quarter of the current financial year widened to $10.1 billion versus $5.2 billion YoY. The CAD now stands at 2.1 per cent of GDP versus 1.2 per cent YoY.
The Indian markets underperformed other Asian peers as profit booking extended for the second straight session in a row on Monday. The 50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8,500 and also broke below its 20-DMA placed at 8,452 levels.
Nifty remained in the grip of bears for the entire session to finally conclude the day with a loss of 100 points at 8,438. The Sensex lost 338 points and closed at 28,119 on Monday.
"The index now has an important support placed at 8,420. If the index is not able to protect the low of 8,420 in the next few sessions then we may see a deeper decline till 8,290," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"The level of 8,505 would now serve as a key resistance level for the index for the immediate term. If, however the Nifty manages to respect the support of 8,420 and clears 8,505 and sustains above it then it may scale up till 8550," added the report.
Ashwani Gujral , Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com is of the view that what we saw today was a mild correction, but my guess and the bigger correction probably would be post budget and for now 5 per cent style correction should be hit and people should try to buy the market may be around 8,150-8,200.
Overnight, US stocks ended lower with the S&P 500 posting its biggest daily percentage drop since Oct. 22 on Monday as oil's slump to a five-year low caused a selloff in energy shares.
"Worries about global growth added to the bearish tone. Data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter," Reuters reported.
"The S&P energy index tumbled 3.9 percent and traded at its lowest since June 2013 as Brent crude LCOc1 fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 106.31 points, or 0.59 per cent, to 17,852.48, the S&P 500 lost 15.06 points, or 0.73 per cent, to 2,060.31 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 40.06 points, or 0.84 per cent, to 4,740.69.
Asian shares were trading lower. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.34 per cent lower at 17,874 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.92 per cent lower at 23,826. China's Shanghai index was trading 1.3 per cent lower at 2,981.
FEATURED ARTICLES

 Dollar Gets a Lift from Fed Talk  No Relief for OilYou are here: Home Market
Dollar Gets a Lift from Fed Talk, No Relief for Oil
Reuters | Updated On: December 09, 2014 07:27 (IST)
An Early Rally Fizzles, Dow Closes 112 Points Lower
Sydney: Asian share markets were mostly in the red on Tuesday while the US dollar began to edge higher once again aided by a media report the Federal Reserve might take a rhetorical step toward tightening at its meeting next week.
Oil prices also extended their long crash with US crude hitting its lowest in five years amid a glut of supply and pressuring energy stocks globally.
Dealers said the dollar got a lift from a Wall Street Journal report that Fed official were seriously considering dropping an assurance that short-term interest rates will stay near zero for a "considerable time".
Such a move would be taken as a sign the central bank was on target to start raising interest rates around the middle of next year, a view that has gained great traction since last week's upbeat payrolls report.
Yields on two-year Treasury debt has spiked to highs not seen since April 2011 while the whole yield curve has flattened markedly as investors wager Fed action will keep inflation low over the long run.
The rise in yields has in turn underpinned the dollar which nudged back up to 120.94 yen on Tuesday, having run into a bout of profit-taking the day before. The euro held steady on the dollar at $1.2305, not far from the recent two-year trough of $1.2247.
Asian stocks markets were mostly lower following a decline on Wall Street, though the losses were minor. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was off 0.36 per cent.
Japan's Nikkei eased 0.47 per cent, but that follows a run of strong gains which took it to its highest since July 2007. Chinese shares have also been on a tear with the CSI300 index of the largest listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen at levels last visited in 2011.
On Monday, the Dow had lost 0.59 per cent, while the S&P 500 fell 0.73 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.84 per cent.
There was no respite for oil as US crude futures lost another 15 cents to $62.90 a barrel, while Brent dipped 7 cents to $66.12. Both tumbled more than 4 per cent on Monday on expectations that a deepening oil glut would keep prices under pressure into the New Year.
Oil prices are likely to remain around $65 a barrel for the next six to seven months until the global economy recovers or OPEC changes its production policy, the head of Kuwait's state oil company said.
The lack of inflationary pressure combined with a rising US dollar kept gold on the back foot. Spot prices were stuck at $1,200 on Tuesday after shedding a couple of bucks the previous session.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

 Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy  OnMobile Global in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy, OnMobile Global in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: December 09, 2014 18:01 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened lower on Tuesday tracking a sell-off in the global market. However Brent crude price, which fell to a fresh five-year low, is likely to keep sentiments positive today. Foreign investors remained net buyers to the tune of Rs 4,985 crore while domestic investors bought shares worth Rs 1,031 crore on Monday.
Here are the stocks likely to see action today:
Sun Pharmaceuticals Industries/Ranbaxy Laboratories: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has cleared the Sun pharma-Ranbaxy merger deal with a condition to divest 7 products to ensure the deal does not harm competition. Out of the 7 products 1 belongs to Sun Pharma and 6 belong to Ranbaxy. As per the companies these 7 products constitute less than 1 per cent of the combined entity's revenues in India.
OnMobile Global: The company said its board will meet on December 11, 2014 to consider and approve a proposal for buy back of shares of the company.
SpiceJet: The aviation regulator has directed the company to immediately stop selling tickets beyond one months as the company was found offering tickets till October 24, 2015. Last week the regulator had directed the company not to sell advance tickets beyond 30 days.
Asian Paints/Berger Paints: Paint manufacturers will be in focus today as Brent crude oil price has fallen to a fresh 5-year low. Analysts say, around 50 per cent of raw materials of paint companies are linked to crude oil prices as they use derivatives of crude oil.
Oriental Bank of Commerce has cut interest rates on retail term deposits for 1 to 2 year tenure by 10 basis points(100 basis points is equal to 1 per cent).
Tata Motors: Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has launched new variant of Jaguar XF at around Rs 45 lakh.
Story first published on: December 09, 2014 18:01 (IST)

LIVE - 1st Test  Adelaide  Day 1: Warner s quickfire ton puts India on backfootAustralia's David Warner dedicated his stirring century to tragic teammate Phillip Hughes on Tuesday as emotions over the batsman's death dominated the delayed first Test against India.
related stories
India vs Australia first Test: David Warner notches 10th century
Warner's determined 145 off 163 balls, studded with glances to the heavens, was the mainstay of Australia's innings as they reached 354 for six at the end of day one at Adelaide.
But on a day of tributes to Hughes, killed in a freak batting accident, there was also concern when skipper Michael Clarke retired hurt with a back problem.
Clarke, 33, who had to pass a fitness test on a hamstring problem before playing, left the ground for further assessment of his long-standing lower back complaint.
Pre-game tributes to Hughes included 63 seconds of applause, representing his score when he was fatally struck in the head by a short-pitched ball on November 25.
When the first Test, moved from its December 4 start in Brisbane as Australia mourned, finally got underway, the positive Warner hit a first-ball boundary and remained upbeat, reaching his 10th Test hundred off just 106 balls.
In a poignant moment Warner, one of the first to rush to Hughes when he was struck down in Sydney, embraced batting partner Clarke in a long mid-pitch hug as the opener reached his fifth century this year.
'That was for him'
Warner looked annoyed after he holed out in the deep off debutant Test leg-spinner Karn Sharma for his 145, with 19 boundaries, in the 57th over.
"There was a lot of adrenalin going through my head and I knew the little man (Hughes) up there was with me at the other end and you know, it all fell into place," Warner said.
"That was definitely for him today (Tuesday). He was there when I scored my first hundred - he was at the other end - and I dedicate that 100 to him today (Tuesday).
"Michael (Clarke) said to me he would be proud of us both and try to get on and win the game.
"It was little moment (embrace) we shared out there and I hope Michael can come out and get his next 40."
Australia, who won the toss, lost some late wickets and reached the close at 354 for six with Steven Smith leading the way on an unbeaten 72. Brad Haddin was out for a duck in the day's final over.
Warner was at his pugnacious best, plundering 37 runs off his first 20 balls and giving his grieving team-mates a heartening start.
There was an uplifting moment when Warner looked to the heavens on reaching 63 and the crowd responded with sustained applause, a scene that was repeated when Smith reached the same score late in the day.
Clarke was also given a huge ovation as he came to the wicket, an acknowledgement of his leading role in the days after Hughes's death, in which he read a tearful tribute at the funeral and was one of the pallbearers.
But it didn't end well for the captain, who called for the trainer after experiencing lower back problems and trudged off hurt with a fluent 60 off 84 balls.
Eye-moistening video
Mitchell Marsh put on 87 runs for the fourth wicket with Smith but he speared a rearing Varun Aaron delivery to Virat Kohli at fourth slip for 41 in the final overs of the day.
Nathan Lyon, sent in as a nightwatchman, was bowled by Mohammed Shami for three with 12 balls left and Haddin was caught behind off Shami.
Chris Rogers was dismissed in the day's eighth over for nine off 22 balls when Ishant Sharma coaxed an edge to Shikhar Dhawan at second slip.
Watson followed in the 19th over, giving Dhawan his second catch in the slips off Aaron and making way for Clarke to come to the wicket.
There were tributes to Hughes before the game got underway with players and fans standing and applauding in unison for a symbolic 63 seconds.
The Australian and Indian teams, both sporting black arm bands, lined up in respect for the well-liked batsman. The home side wore Hughes's 408 Test cap number on their shirts.
Prominent broadcaster and former Australia captain Richie Benaud also narrated an eye-moistening video shown on the ground's big screen, finishing with the words: "Forever, rest in peace, son."
Commentary, Australia Innings

ONGC targets gas production by mid-2018 from east coastDec 09, 2014, 08.34 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
ONGC targets gas production by mid-2018 from east coast
The country's largest oil and gas explorer said it had initiated field development at its block in the Krishna-Godavari basin, which it plans to develop in four clusters.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ONGC targets gas production by mid-2018 from east coast
The country's largest oil and gas explorer said it had initiated field development at its block in the Krishna-Godavari basin, which it plans to develop in four clusters.
Post your opinion here
 
State explorer  Oil and Natural Gas Corp said on Monday it was aiming to start natural gas production by mid-2018 and oil production a year after that from its block off the east coast.
The country's largest oil and gas explorer said it had initiated field development at its block in the Krishna-Godavari basin, which it plans to develop in four clusters.
ONGC, which has struggled to maintain production from its ageing wells off the west coast, is counting on the potentially large reserves of oil and gas from the KG-D5 block to boost future profits.
Estimated reserves for the block are 121 million metric tonnes of oil in place and 78.8 billion cubic metres (bcm) of initial gas in place for the northern discovery area and 80.8 bcm for the southern discovery area, ONGC said in a statement.
The company won the block in a government auction in the year 2000 and has been hurt by delays in reaching production.
The company's D5 Block (KG-D5) in the Bay of Bengal sits adjacent to Reliance Industries Ltd's producing D6 block, and ONGC has accused Reliance of drawing gas from fields owned by it.
ONGC stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  09:47 hrs Oil and Natural Gas Corporation was quoting at Rs 335.00, down Rs 0.5, or 0.15 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 472.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 264.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 26.00 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 12.88. The latest book value of the company is Rs 159.81 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.10.
RELATED NEWS

Indian rupee opens lower at 61.88 per dollarDec 09, 2014, 09.02 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian rupee opens lower at 61.88 per dollar
The USD-INR pair continues to hover around Rs 62/dollar, says Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian rupee opens lower at 61.88 per dollar
The USD-INR pair continues to hover around Rs 62/dollar, says Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian rupee opened marginally lower at 61.88 per dollar on Tuesday against previous day close of 61.83.
The yen held onto sizable gains, having staged a broad short-covering rally as a big drop in oil prices hit global risk appetite.
Ashutosh Raina of HDFC Bank said, "The stupendous US jobs number last week has reinforced fears of the US Federal Reserve hiking rates in mid 2015, the result being dollar gaining against most of the major and EM currencies."
"The USD-INR pair continues to hover around Rs 62/dollar. The second quarter trade deficit has come in at USD 10 billion, which is expected to come down in the third quarter on the back of lower oil prices," he added.
According to Karvy currency report, Asian currencies are trading on a mixed to negative note with respect to the dollar. US dollar depreciated against all the major currencies after the slump in the equity market yesterday. Japanese Yen is trading higher at 120.78, Euro at 1.2310 above the 1.2300 mark, and Pound at 1.5640 with respect to the US dollar. 
One month Rupee NDF is trading at 62.20 with no change from yesterday's close indicating a flat opening for the Indian rupee. We expect rupee to open on a flat to negative note and to depreciate marginally in today's session.
Important Economic data is to be released today: trade data from Germany, and industrial production data from the UK. Any negative surprises in these data points could lead depreciation of their respective currencies.
In a nutshell, we expect the USDINR pair to open on a flat to negative note and trading to be biased towards depreciation.
RELATED NEWS

Indian economy can get back to 7% growth rates: MacquarieIndian economy can get back to 7% growth rates: Macquarie
Promoters sell 1.8 cr shares of InfosysPromoters sell 1.8 cr shares of Infosys
Private Plane Crashes into House in Maryland; 6  Including Infant  KilledPrivate Plane Crashes into House in Maryland; 6  Including Infant  Killed
Assembly Polls Live: Voting Begins in Jharkhand  Jammu and KashmirAssembly Polls Live: Voting Begins in Jharkhand  Jammu and Kashmir
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy Lab will be in focus after CCI approves mergerSun Pharma and Ranbaxy Lab will be in focus after CCI approves merger
More correction in storeMore correction in store
Five important things about Personal FinanceFive important things about Personal Finance
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 09, 2014 08:57 IST
The personal financial space is full of new developments and hence it is important to be abreast of the latest information.
 
 
Do not go overboard: Limit your spending within your cash flow. People tend to spend more by drawing enormously on their credit cards. Later they find themselves stuck in the vicious circle of credit card borrowing and repayment. Hence, it is easy to manage the spending in line with one’s cash flows then to become over-dependent on plastic money.
 
Learn more and listen to wise prophets: The personal financial space is full of new developments and hence it is important to be abreast of the latest information. Lack of knowledge could drive one’s decisions into wrong directions. Secondly, the most important learning could be derived from people who have been successful in their personal finances. For instance, if your father has retired at the age of 55 and has multiple streams of income to take care of his retirement needs then he could be one best person to direct you.
 
Set an amount for yourself first: While managing personal finances, it is important to set aside payment for yourself first, before paying to another person or company. This way one can understand his position on the financial ladder.
 
Be financially secure: No one will put in their own time to make things straight for you. It vests in your own hands to either succeed or fail in your personal finances. A person should start planning for his own financial security at the earliest, which comes from having an optimum life insurance, health insurance, investments and retirement income in place. One should not overlook these fundamentals of personal financial planning.
 
Keep your health intact: Some of the most common ways of taking care of one’s health is to live a healthy lifestyle and trying to quit bad habits such as smoking and alcohol habits. It is seen that an urgent health need could jeopardize one’s financial life. Also, one should take adequate health and insurance cover in order to safeguard financial future. 

Top five books to readTop five books to read
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 09, 2014 09:04 IST
The book released in 2000 centers around an American Hedge Fund, Long-Term Capital Management (LTCM), which had $100 billion of assets under management.
 
When Genius Failed: The Rise and Fall of Long-Term Capital Management by Roger Lowenstein
The book released in 2000 centers around an American Hedge Fund, Long-Term Capital Management (LTCM), which had $100 billion of assets under management. The book gives an account of rise and fall of the hedge fund company. It explains how LTCm initially delivered returns of more than 40% per annum and later on collapsed due to its leveraged gamble.
 
Den of Thieves by James B. Stewart
The bestseller book reveals the details of insider trading scandals that took place during the 1980s and Wall Street's known faces such as Michael Milken, Ivan Boesky, and others. The book creates a compelling story of arrogance and complacency among the elite class of the Wall Street. It reports how insiders of the companies took advantage of insider information before it was made public and also described their exposure and legal punishment.
 
The Big Short: Inside The Doomsday Machine by Michael Lewis
The non-fiction book published during 2000s gives a detailed description of those involved in the creation of the credit default swap market. The story highlights players who placed their bets against the collateralized debt obligation (CTO) bubble and eventually made profits during the financial crisis in between 2007-2010.
 
Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall Of RJR Nabisco by Bryan Burrough & John Helyar
The book called as one of the influential account details out the frenzy that took Wall Street during Oct-Nov of 1988 and speaks about leveraged buyout (LBO). The research that went inside the book is extensive and breath-taking. The subject of the book revolves around CEO of RJR Nabisco, F. Ross Johnson, who intended takeover the rest of the company's shareholders.
 
Beating the Street by Peter Lynch
Beating the street gives a detailed description of how Peter Lynch chose winning stocks and how at times he missed picking some of those. Peter Lynch is known for his spectacular managing skills as a fund manager at Fidelity Magellan Fund.

Sensex opens below 28 100; Sun Pharma up 2%Sensex hovers around 28,100; broader markets outperform
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Benchmark indices are trading in a tight range with Sensex and Nifty oscillating between negative and positive zone.
By 10:35, the 30-share BSE Sensex was lower by 18 points at 28,102, while the broad-based NSE Nifty has slipped by 9 points at 8,430.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are up 0.4% each.
The market breadth in BSE remains positive with 1,217 shares advancing and 888 shares declining.
The top losers on the Sensex are Tata Power, Hindalco, ITC, ONGC and NTPC.
On the gaining side, Dr Reddy’s Labs, TCS, Sun Pharma, Wipro and ICICI Bank have gained between 1-2%.
**************************************
Updated at 9:45
Markets have turned flat after making a lower opening tracking weak global cues.
Indices posted their largest single-day loss in nearly two months yesterday led by a decline in technology shares after four promoters of Infosys pared their holdings in the company.
By 9:43, the 30-share BSE Sensex was higher by 9 points at 28,128, while the broad-based NSE Nifty has slipped by 2 points at 8,437.
Meanwhile, markets have also reacted to the CAD data. A sharp rise in gold imports and a fall in export growth pushed India's current account deficit (CAD) to $10.1 billion (2.1 per cent of gross domestic product) in the financial year's second quarter, ending September, compared to $5.2 bn (1.2 per cent of GDP) for July-September 2013.
However, foreign institutional investors were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 4,984.60 crore on Monday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
On the global front, Asian share markets were mostly in the red on Tuesday while the US dollar began to edge higher once again aided by a media report the Federal Reserve might take a rhetorical step toward tightening at its meeting next week.
Oil prices also extended their long crash with US crude hitting its lowest in five years amid a glut of supply and pressuring energy stocks globally.
Japan's Nikkei eased 0.47%, but that follows a run of strong gains which took it to its highest since July 2007. Chinese shares have also been on a tear with the CSI300 index of the largest listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen at levels last visited in 2011.
Back home, BSE Capital Goods, Consumer Durables, Metal and Power indices have declined by nearly 1% each. However, defensive sectors like Healthcare and IT are trading in positive zone, up by nearly 1% each.
The Supreme Court on Monday dismissed nearly 20 applications of power and steel companies seeking exemption from its judgment which cancelled 204 coal mining licences issued since 1993.
Jindal Steel & Power, Essar, Monnet Ispat and other noted companies involved in power, steel and cement business requested the Supreme Court to review the decision of cancelling the coal block allocations made to them.
The main losers on the Sensex are Hindalco, L&T, BHEL, NTPC, Coal India and Axis Bank.
On the gaining side, Sun Pharma, TCS, DR Reddy’s Labs, M&M, Tata Motors and Infosys have gained between 0. 5-2%.
Sun Pharma has gained around 2% as its bid to acquire Ranbaxy has received approval from CCI, though with certain riders. Ranbaxy has gained over 3%.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are up 0.2%.
The market breadth in BSE remains marginally positive with 772 shares advancing and 557 shares declining.

Polling begins for third phase of J&K electionsPolling begins for third phase of J&K elections
Press Trust of India | Srinagar Dec 09, 2014 08:15 AM IST
Voting began on a brisk note today in 16 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir going to polls in third of the five-phased state elections.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and three of his cabinet colleagues are among 144 candidates whose fate will be decided today in the third phase of polling in 16 seats spread across Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla districts.
Braving cold weather, voters today lined up at polling stations much before the start of the voting time at 8 a.m.
Security arrangements in all the three districts have been strengthened in the wake of Friday's violence, where 21 persons including 11 security personnel and eight militants were killed in four incidents in the Valley.
The last 24 hours have been peaceful with no incidents of fresh violence reported from any of the three districts.
All eyes will be on Uri and Tral constituencies, which were hit by militant violence ahead of the polls. The first two phases of elections in the state saw a record turnout of over 70%, with voters ignoring boycott calls by separatists and militant outfits.
The stakes are high for Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)as it held nine of the sixteen Assembly constituencies which have an electorate of 13.69 lakh electors, including 6.51 lakh women.
A total of 144 candidates are in the fray including 10 other sitting MLAs. 1,781 polling stations have been set up in the area.
Omar, who chose to contest from Beerwah in Budgam instead of his family bastion of Ganderbal, hopes that some of the recent steps taken by his government for the area will help him sail through the electoral tide from a constituency which was won by PDP candidates in the last two elections.
Omar, who is seeking a second term in the Assembly, faces a stiff challenge from sitting PDP MLA Mohammad Shafi Wani and Congress nominee Nazir Ahmad Khan, whose father Sarfaraz Khan had won from Beerwah in 2002 elections as a PDP candidate.
PDP represents nine of the 16 seats while the ruling NC holds only four. Congress and Peoples Democratic Front won one seat each in the last polls while one seat went to Independent.
While seven assembly seats fall in Baramulla district, five are in Budgam and four in Pulwama.

A Bluetooth-enabled vibrator that can be controlled with a smartphone38
2
New York: A bluetooth-controlled wearable vibrator that allows couples to experience intimacy even from great distances has been launched in the US.
Using the wearable OhMiBod blueMotion device, the users can control the vibrator through their smartphone, San Francisco Chronicle reported.
This invention is a product of "out-of-the-box vibratory thinking", Carol Queen from OhMiBod was quoted as saying.
This lightweight massager with a powerful motor takes advantage of built-in smartphone features such as accelerometer, touchscreen, and volume controls.
#bluemotion #vibrator #android #ios
"With blueMotion, the only limit to the thrill is imagination, whether you have a partner in crime or enjoy going solo, blueMotion has the power to tantalise and titillate -- anytime, anywhere, and with any iPhone or Android device," says the description on the device website.
The device costs $129 (Rs 8,000) which includes the cost of the app and over-the-internet control.
5

Guess which state Modi is looking at for the future of farmingModi looks to Bihar for future of farming
Reuters –  Mon 8 Dec, 2014 10:28 AM IST
Farmers work in a field on the outskirts of Patna, in Bihar, January 22, 2012. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi/Files
By Mayank Bhardwaj
PURNIA, India (Reuters) - From his sleepy village in Bihar, Ram Narain arrives at Gulab Bagh market to sell a truckload of corn that will fetch him enough money to buy a motorbike for his son, school uniforms for his daughter and a gift for his wife.
Narain and legions of farmers in the dirt-poor state have more than doubled corn output in just five years by adopting hybrid seeds and good farm practices, a rare success story Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants to replicate in other states. He came to power six months ago by promising faster farm and economic growth.
Traders such as Cargill Inc, Glencore International AG and Louis Dreyfus Commodities BV have set up operations in Purnia, an administrative outpost that now buzzes with trading activity.
"Corn has come as a boon ... helping our children attend good schools and improving our living standards," Narain, 42, said, lending a hand to labourers unloading sacks at the mandi, or wholesale market.
Bihar had an initial advantage as corn is grown year-round to meet local food demand, making it a natural place for traders to seek supplies when demand began to rise. Other states were largely growing corn for animal feed.
The arrival of global traders and the establishment of a market for the crop gave small farmers the confidence to invest in higher-yielding hybrids.
Rising output encouraged banks, a commodity exchange and commodity collateral management companies to move in, opening up Bihar to regional and international trade.
"We acted as a catalyst by establishing a linkage between the market and farmers," B.K. Anand, chief of the grains and oilseeds division of Cargill India, told Reuters.
Local farmers say they now produce 7-8 tonnes a hectare, a figure confirmed by Cargill's own research which shows Bihar's yields catching up with the 10 tonnes achieved in the United States, the world's top producer.
India's average corn yield is just 2 tonnes.
HIGHER YIELDS
Urbanisation and industrialisation are limiting available agricultural land. Increasing yields addresses the issue and cuts the relative cost of inputs like fertilisers.
India produces 23-24 million tonnes of corn, with Bihar accounting for nearly 3 million tonnes, according to trade and industry estimates. If other big producing states fail to match Bihar's gains, rising consumption would cut into Indian exports that now average 3.4-4.5 million tonnes a year.
With the advent of top-name traders competing for stocks, farmers are now making 12 rupees ($0.19) per kg against 2-3 rupees a few years ago, said Narain, who now grows corn on 2 hectares, up from less than a hectare 5 years ago.
Traders look to buy from local farmers living in the Gulab Bagh area because they can export to neighbouring Nepal and Bangladesh by road. The region is also close to six major ports on the east coast, including Kolkata.
"The daily corn arrival in the Gulab Bagh mandi is around 5,000 tonnes a day against 2,000 tonnes five years ago," reckons Chandan Daga, owner of wholesale trader Arihant Agri.
An assured market encouraged farmers to embrace hybrid seeds by companies such as DuPont Pioneer and they have kept pace with the latest varieties. GMO, or genetically modified, food crops are banned in India.
"Being sturdy and taller, the plants are not prone to rat infestation and damage after hailstorms," farmer Vinod Yadav said of his P3522 variety of seeds, looking at mounds of corn cobs in his back yard.
The government says it hopes to extend Bihar's success in boosting yields and to other leading corn growing states such as Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra.
"We are consulting concerned ministries like agriculture and government research bodies to see how this model can be replicated in other corn growing parts of the country," Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan told Reuters.
Buoyed by the sharp rise in physical trade, India's leading commodity exchange NCDEX last year launched a new contract setting Bihar's Gulab Bagh as a delivery centre. The new futures contract gives farmers an idea about the outlook for prices.
"Bihar reveals that by providing a market for farm goods and by allowing trade to determine its own course, we can write a success story even without any active government help," said Amit Sachdev, India representative of the U.S. Grains Council.
(1 US dollar = 61.87 rupees)
 
(Editing by Douglas Busvine and Richard Pullin)
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

People from Jammu being brought for PM s Srinagar rally: OmarBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 8, 2014 2:52 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 2:56 pm
Taking a swipe at BJP, Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Monday accused it of bringing in supporters from other parts of the state for Prime Mister Narendra Modi’s rally in Srinagar.
“Two (2) trainloads of supporters are being brought in from Banihal in Jammu. Why not just have the rally there?” Omar wrote on Twitter, ahead of Modi’s maiden election rally in Srinagar.
“Not a single BJP flag or banner on the vehicles or with the people I saw walking into the stadium. Such a telling sign of BJP support,” Omar said in another tweet. Omar’s official residence is close to the venue of the rally.
The Chief Minister also hit out at Congress, which was coalition partner of his National Conference for the last six years, saying even some leaders supported by Congress have been asked to provide people for the rally.
“Amazingly even Cong(ress) supported ‘leaders’ have been asked to contribute people to the BJP rally. Politics makes for strange bedfellows,” he said.
Omar was apparently referring to Agriculture Minister Ghulam Hassan Mir, who joined the cabinet in 2009 from Congress quota, though he had contested the 2008 elections as an independent candidate.
Congress has not fielded any candidate from Gulmarg Assembly seat, where Mir is seeking a third consecutive term.
The Chief Minister also claimed that separatist-turned mainstream politician Sajjad Gani Lone, who is contesting the assembly elections from Handwara in Kupwara district, had provided 80 vehicles for ferrying his supporters for the Prime Minister’s rally.
“So @sajadlone is sending about 80 vehicles of supporters from Kupwara to help his “big brother” make up the numbers,” he added.
Lone had met the Prime Minister in the run up to the polls and is believed to have entered into a pact with BJP for the assembly elections.
BJP, which is making a big push to form a government in the Muslim-majority state for the first, did not field any candidate against Lone.
While taking a jibe at Modi over his speech at Samba rally, Omar tweeted, “And the dynastic politics tired script starts again. Why not try this with the Akali Dal & the Shiv Sena first @narendramodi ji”.
Omar had recently said that it was not difficult for BJP to arrange one lakh people to attend Prime Minister’s rally in Srinagar but asked if the party can convert them into votes.
“They have money and they can arrange vehicles to ferry people, even Sajjad Lone can arrange 20 to 30 thousand people from his constituency to attend the rally. The real question is can BJP convert those number into votes,” Omar had told reporters in Nagrota recently.
Senior Congress leader continued…

This is the best way to save for college. And hardly anyone uses itBy Danielle Douglas-Gabriel December 8 Follow @DaniDougPost
(Photo from Flickr user OTA Photos used under Creative Commons license)
For families trying to save for their children’s college education, 529 college savings plans are widely hailed as a great option—perhaps the best. But are they?
The advantage to 529 plans, named for a section of the tax code, is that families can invest through these accounts without the earnings being taxed as long as the funds are used to pay for college expenses. Earnings are typically free from federal and state taxes, plus grandparents, aunts, uncles and anyone else who cares can contribute to the account.
The most popular one operates much like a 401k retirement plan because contributions are invested in stocks, bonds or money market funds. Earnings are not subject to federal taxes as long as you use the money for “qualified education” expenses–tuition, books, fees, room and board–at any accredited school.
Yet less than 3 percent of families have tax-advantaged college accounts, according to the Government Accountability Office. Using data from the Survey of Consumer Finances, the GAO figured out that the few families that do have accounts have a median income of $142,400 a year, nearly triple the national m edian household income.
Families with tax-advantage college accounts also had about $413,500 in assets, making them among the wealthiest group in the country—and the biggest beneficiaries of the $1.6 billion in federal tax expenditures directed at these plans.
There’s no getting around the fact that 529 plans are extraordinarily confusing, with daunting options, fees and terms that can scare off families who could benefit from the plans. Below are some things that all families should watch out for to get the most out of the best, but most underutilized, way to save for college:
Not all plans qualify for tax deductions: States sponsor 529 savings plans for a fee, but you don’t have to choose a plan where you live. Be careful in selecting plans in other states, though, because you may be giving up a tax deduction in your home state. Arizona, Kansas, Maine, Missouri and Pennsylvania are the only places where residents can get state income tax deductions for contributions to plans anywhere in the country, according to FinAid.org .
Not all states even offer tax benefits to residents. Thirty-four states and the District provide partial or full income tax deductions to residents. The District, for instance, offers income tax deductions on contributions of up to to $4,000 a year for individual and up to $8,000 for a married couple, but only money put into the plan by the account owner is deductible. (Sorry, grandma and grandpa.) Maine has one of the more restrictive rules, capping deductible contributions at $250 per child per year. Check out  Savingforcollege.com  to compare all state tax offerings.
Watch out for fees: A lot of the tax advantages of investing in a 529 plan can get eaten away by fees. So it’s critical to do some research. A majority of states no longer charge enrollment fees, but most require an initial contribution of at least $25 and minimum monthly deposits of $15.
The fees you really need to worry about are those charged for managing the account. The GAO found that some plans charge as much as 2.78 percent of assets as a management fee, though most plans charge well under half a percent these days.
Fund research firm Morningstar puts out an annual review of the largest 529 college savings plans that’s worth a read. The plans T. Rowe Price manages for Maryland and Alaska routinely come out on top because of their low fee structure–Maryland’s plans have total asset-based expense ratios of  0.07 percent to 0.88 percent, while Alaska’s are 0.24 percent to 0.88 percent (the lower the percent the more money you keep).
The top plans are typically those purchased directly from the state sponsor, known as direct-sold, that come with lower or fewer fees than plans purchased through a broker who expect a commission.
Some plans will waive or reduce fees if you have automatic contributions or if you’re a resident of the state sponsoring the plan. Fifteen states, including Colorado, Nevada and Maine, will match college savings up to a certain dollar amount or provide income tax credits to encourage low- to moderate-income residents to participate in their 529 plans. Nevada, for instance, provides matching grants of up to $1,500, while Maine offers $500.
“The match programs are a good start, but there need to be more structural reforms: lower fees, minimum balance and deposit requirements,” said Ezra Levin, associate director of government affairs at the Corporation for Enterprise Development (CFED). “All of those things reduce the barrier for lower and middle income families.”
How your 529 savings affect financial aid: One of the greatest concerns parents have with 529 plans is how the investments will affect their child’s eligibility for financial aid. It’s not as bad as you may think. Investments held by parents, excluding retirement and insurance accounts, are assessed at a maximum 5.64 percent rate in determining a student’s so-called Expected Family Contribution (EFC), said Scott Weingold, managing director of College Planning Network..
Say you have a 529 account worth $20,000. You must report the $20,000 as an asset on the Free Application for Federal Aid (FAFSA), which will likely increase your expected family contribution by $1,128. Plans owned by grandparents or other relatives do not have to be reported.
Family income also factors into what schools expect you to pay, but the tax-free distributions from a 529 account are not counted in the income calculation. Parents are expected to include any support their child gets from grandparents or any other adult on the FAFSA form, including any money the student receives from a grandparent-owned 529 plan. To lessen the blow, you could wait until your child’s final year in school to withdraw money from grandpa’s 529 plan, according to Savingforcollege.com.
Related: What to do when you haven’t saved much for your kid’s college education
Dealing with the risks: To get the most out of a college savings plan, financial planners recommend investing in stocks for the higher returns. Trouble is, you’ll be vulnerable to market volatility and may not have enough time to ride out downturns,  Weingold said.
“We’ve seen a lot more families shy away from putting college savings in the market, especially after the meltdown in 2008,” he said. “The risk in these plans is a downside, but the potential gains is a huge upside.”
Many plans offer target date funds that move away from stocks toward safer bonds as college approaches. Even with the risks, the rewards can be substantial across the socio-economic spectrum. A Treasury Department study found that families earning less than $68,000 saved 22 percent more in a 529 plan compared to a taxable investment account, while those with income of $137,000 saved 35 percent more.
Prepaid plans are also worth a look: This other type of 529 plan lets families purchase college credits today for future use at state colleges. Families typically pay a premium over the current cost of college to offset projected tuition inflation. State sponsors pool the money families contribute into long-term investments and use the returns to pay for tuition. Whereas families assume all the risk in the more popular type of 529 plan, states generally bear the risk for prepaid 529 accounts.
There are only 11 plans open for enrollment these days. States ran into trouble during the 2008 downturn when their investments lost value and tuition climbed faster than anticipated. As a result, many shut down their programs or closed enrollment.
Most plans only cover in-state tuition and fees, so if your child decides to head out of town, the money would have to be rolled over to a sibling staying close to home. Maryland’s Prepaid College Trust , however, will pay full resident tuition and fees at an in-state public college, or an equivalent amount toward tuition at a private or out-of-state college.
Read the fine print on these contracts. Only four states, including Florida and Mississippi, guarantee that they will borrow money if needed to cover future obligations. Others like Maryland and Virginia have varying degrees of guarantees (check out FinAid.org for more info on guarantees).
The cost of prepaid plans depend on whether you want to purchase credits for a community college or university, the number of semesters and the grade the child is in when the account is opened. There are generally a few payment options available to families.
Let’s use Maryland’s plan for example. If you  enrolled this year with a little one in kindergarten, you could make 144 monthly payments of $447, 12 annual payments of $5,090 or one lump-sum payment of $42,293 to cover four years in a state school in 2026.
“Families, especially those with lower incomes, often think they don’t have enough money to save,” said Felicia Gopaul, a certified financial planner and president of College Funding Resource. “Wherever you are, start.”
Read More:

FMCG start-up to bite into chocolatesFMCG start-up to bite into chocolates
PURVITA CHATTERJEE
Tweet
Bloomberg Candies from the Rodnye Prostory product line pass beneath a layer of liquid chocolate during the coating process at the Rossiya chocolate factory, operated by Nestle SA, in Samara, Russia, on Tuesday, Sept. 16, 2014. In Aug. Nestle cited Russia as a key driver of 1H sales growth in eastern Europe, especially in ice cream and confectionery. Photographer: Andrey Rudakov/Bloomberg
Mumbai, December 8:  
After almost a year since Goldman Sachs and Mitsui Global invested behind Global Consumer Products, the FMCG start up is now ready to enter the chocolates category by launching its own brand early next year. Hiring a slew of FMCG professionals from companies like Perfetti, Hindustan Unilever, Britannia, Ferraro and Cadbury Kraft, it intends making a initial foray into the four southern states with its new brand of chocolates.
Speaking to Businessline, A. Mahendran, Chairman & Managing Director, Global Consumer Products said, ``We call ourselves a synthetic start up as we now have both financial and human capital. Our chocolates foray will be in the value for money segment and will include confectionary like mints, gum and candy for which we are building distribution in southern India.’’
Currently, Cadbury Kraft dominates the chocolates category with more than 60 per cent share along with new entrants like Ferraro and Mars.
The new FMCG start up would be subcontracting its manufacturing across the product categories it plans to enter in future like energy drinks, juices, packaged water and snacks along with chocolates.
Recently it has hired FMCG professionals like Anuradha Narsimhan(former Marketing Head of Britannia Industries) and even has the former director of Perfetti, Ashok Dhingra on its board of directors.
Global Consumer Products is also open to forging JVs with Japanese companies waiting to enter India since it has the Tokyo based Mitsui Global as a PE investor in the company.
`` The Mitsui Group also has a foods company and they could license some of the food brands to us or they could help us with forming JVs with FMCG companies wanting to enter India in specialised categories like noodles which need technology,’’ added Mahendran.
Mitsui Foods, a part of Mitsui Group also has a host of brands which could get licensed to the Indian start up. `` Mitsui Foods in Japan has the Royal tea and Coffee brands which get licensed to us,’’ added Mahendran.
Having built iconic brands like Goodknight and Hit, Mahendran has been the former Managing Director of Godrej Consumer Products before he launched its own FMCG start up nearly a year ago with an investment of Rs 315 crore from Goldman Sachs and Mitsui Global who have picked up 80 per cent in his company for the next five years.
``We are looking at a sales turnover of Rs 1200 crore in the next five years after which we will either sell out or list the company since we on the build, operate and transfer model,’’ said Mahendran.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Kotak Mahindra Bank to focus more on retail bankingKotak Mahindra Bank to focus more on retail banking
Our Bureau
Shanti Ekambaram, President-Consumer Banking, Kotak Mahindra Bank
Launches new savings bank account for customers aged over 55
Chennai, December 8:  
Kotak Mahindra Bank will focus more on retail banking as the asset quality in this segment is far better than in the corporate sector.
In the second quarter of the current financial year, the bank’s loan book in this segment grew 18 per cent over the comparable previous year period.
Within retail banking, 70 per cent of the loan book is made up of housing loans and loan against properties, while small business, personal loans and credit cards accounted for the rest.
“Thanks to low delinquencies being registered of late, our unsecured loan portfolio such as credit cards and personal loans for salaried people turned attractive,” said Shanti Ekambaram, President, Consumer Banking, Kotak Mahindra Bank, who was in Chennai to launch the bank’s new product, Grand, a savings bank account for consumers aged 55 and above.
She said even in the current quarter the bank expects this segment to grow by 18-20 per cent.
To ensure this growth, the bank plans to expand its geographical presence.
350 more branches
Though about 80 per cent of the bank’s business volume is being transacted through alternative channels such as ATMs and Net banking platforms, it will enhance its brick and mortar footprint by adding another 350 branches in the next two years to take the total number of outlets to 1,000 by 2016.
On the new product, she said it is a distinctive offering to ensure a comfortable and convenient banking experience for those in this age group.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Aviation course: IIM-B  French B-school to woo Indian firmsAviation course: IIM-B, French B-school to woo Indian firms
Anil Urs
Tweet
Bengaluru, December 5:  
For the General Management Programme for Aerospace and Aviation Executives (GMAE), both Indian Institute of Management Bangalore (IIM-B) and Toulouse Business School (TBS) are planning to rope in Indian companies and create an eco system as it exists in Europe.
“Yes we are looking for companies to partner here. Back in Europe, we have strong links with most of the companies involved in the sector: Airbus International (based in Toulouse), Airbus France, Airbus India, Boeing, ATR, Safran, CNES,” Francois Bonvalet, Dean of Toulouse Business School told Business Line.
“In France, it is very important long-term support of Airbus which is our strongest assets,” he added.
GMAE programme offered by IIM-B and TBS is the first of its kind being offered by any business school in India.
In the first year, the program is dedicated to aerospace and aviation core management and the second year is dedicated to aerospace and aviation sub-sectors, management challenges and supervised projects.
“This programme is a professional one, which means that it makes sense as the industry needs it. The industry requires leaders and managers, specially educated and trained, to help the sector develop,” Bonvalet said.
A similar program is also being offered at Toulouse and TBS has study centres in Montreal (Canada) and Seattle (USA). “Participants can decide whether to study in Bangalore or choose any combinations of these programs and take the unique opportunity to study either in Bangalore, Toulouse, Montreal or Seattle,” Bonvalet pointed out.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

AAI asks SpiceJet to furnish bank guarantee on duesNEW DELHI, December 9, 2014
Updated: December 9, 2014 00:03 IST
AAI asks SpiceJet to furnish bank guarantee on dues
PTI
air transport
Tightening the screw on cash-strapped budget carrier SpiceJet, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) is considering putting the airline on the cash-and-carry mode soon if it does not furnish a bank guarantee against its dues to the airport operator. The dues stand at around Rs.200 crore.
“The AAI is planning to put SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode from Wednesday if it does not by that time furnish to the airport operator a bank guarantee against its dues,” sources said. Also, aviation regulator DGCA is likely to issue a show-cause notice to the airline for defying its directives regarding advance bookings, sources said here.
“The DGCA is likely to issue a show-cause notice to SpiceJet as the airline continues accepting advanced bookings of beyond one month against the directives on the issue,” official sources said here.
The DGCA has asked the airline to stop taking bookings by Tuesday of more than one month in advance, they said, adding, “If it does not, it will be served a show-cause notice.”
The sources said that although the regulator’s action would not lead to the cancellation of the airline’s licence by itself, they added that it could force “a series of actions, which could lead to the cancellation of licence.”
An airline spokesperson, however, defended the advance bookings, saying it had already informed the regulator that it wanted to discuss the issue this week.
“We have told the DGCA in our response that we would like to discuss the matter and plan to do so tomorrow post a board meeting,” the spokesperson said.

BJP to become world s largest political party  says BJP leaderDec 09, 2014 at 12:22am IST
BJP to become world's largest political party, says BJP leader
12
12
Gandhinagar: Senior BJP leader and in-charge of Gujarat BJP Dinesh Sharma expressed confidence on Monday that the BJP would emerge as the world's largest political party and surpass the ruling Communist Party of China which has approximately eight crore members.
Interacting with reporters here Sharma, who is also the national in-charge of the BJP's ongoing membership enrolment drive, claimed that his party would enrol more than 10 crore members through this drive, which was launched on November 1 and would end on March 31 next near.
"Apart from regular registration, 1.25 crore people have become our members by giving a missed call on our toll free number. Another 1.80 crore people have given missed call, but are yet to fulfil other formalities. We received such an overwhelming response within merely one month of launching our membership enrolment drive," Sharma said.
Senior BJP leader and in-charge of Gujarat BJP Dinesh Sharma expressed confidence on Monday that the BJP would emerge as the world's largest political party and surpass the ruling Communist Party of China which has approximately eight crore members.
#bjp #political party #dinesh sharma
"At this pace, the BJP may become the world's largest political party, since we hope to cross the 10 crore party membership mark by the end of March 2015. At present, the ruling Communist Party of China is the largest party in the world with eight crore members, which also include government employees," Sharma said.
Sharma is on a three-day visit to Gujarat to boost the membership enrolment drive here. According to him, the Gujarat BJP has already registered more than 60 lakh members.
"We have enrolled 50 lakh members through personal contact and enrolled 10.38 lakh party members through our toll free number. To reach out to the maximum number of people, we plan to set up stalls in forthcoming festivals and programmes here, such as kite festivals and kisan melas," Sharma said at a press conference here.
After the membership drive, all newly enrolled party workers would be given training, Sharma said.
5

For operators  it is the car that matters more than safety badgeComments
Many drivers who run cabs associated with radio taxi operators, app-based taxi providers and aggregators such as Uber hardly go through any proper document or character verification, HT has found.
Supporters of Aam Aadmi Party hold placards and shout slogans behind a police barricade during a protest against the rape of a female passenger by Uber cab services driver, in New Delhi. (Reuters)
Several drivers HT spoke to said that app-based  cab services  such as Uber were more particular about the condition of the vehicle than their documents or the background of the drivers. In fact, many of them work for several operators, including Uber, logging in and logging off from one system to another without any trouble.   
“I was only asked for my driving licence and how good the condition of my car was. They did not press for a police verification, but then no operator is much bothered about the antecedents of the driver, whether they are radio or app-based. But Uber is better than other radio companies I have worked with in terms of payment to drivers,” a cabbie told HT, requesting anonymity as it may affect his business.
Dip in business for radio taxi operators after Friday
A driver working with EasyCabs said the company ran its own verification check.
“After I submitted my papers, a company representative came to my house to check if I lived at the given address. I did not have to go through any other verification,” the driver said, adding, “I do not have a PSV badge, and brought it to the cab company’s notice as I wanted them to help me get one. But the cab company said it does not matter”.
A public service vehicle (PSV) badge is mandatory under law for anybody who runs a public service vehicle in the Capital.
Apart from poor implementation of verification norms, most of these drivers hardly undergo any training on safety measures and proper handling of the customers.  A driver who runs a Uber cab told HT that all that he was offered in the name of training was extending greetings to the customers, talking to them in English — saying ‘good morning, good evening’ — and offer courtesies such as opening the door for them. “About 100 people were trained with me,” he said. “Training is the same for all three categories: Uber Black, UberX and Uber Go,” he said.  
Gagan Bhatia, general manager, Uber, New Delhi, could not be reached for a comment despite several phone calls and messages about their driver training and verification programme.
But it seems the general courtesy training is not working much, as pointed out by Manish Sharma, a regular customer of various app-based cab services. “Drivers of all these companies are the same. It is high time these companies should invest more in their drivers’ training and verification.”
Kartik Mehta, a Delhi-based IT professional, who has been using Uber since its arrival in the city, says the quality of Uber drivers had deteriorated. “They must have an emergency phone number or a safety measure built in the app which can be used by the passenger to alert the company. The problem with Uber is that it has imposed a western model on India, which does not take into account local social and law and order realities,” said Mehta. 
Mehta’s complaint finds resonance in the fact that unlike some other app-based cab companies such as Ola Cabs and Taxi For Sure — which have their call centre number on their websites, which can also be used for registering complaints -- there are hardly any such details on the Uber website.
In fact, Delhi Police had to book a cab on Saturday to find Uber’s office since nobody knew where they are located.
Even as the Delhi government banned Uber, Travis Kalanick, Uber CEO, said in a media statement: “We will work with the government to establish background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programmes. We will partner with the groups who are leading the way on women’s safety in New Delhi and around the country and invest in technology to help make Delhi a safer city for women”. 
Binod Mishra, executive director, Mega Cabs, said that unlike app-based cab services, Radio taxi cab operators were particular about implementing security measures.
“We have to follow rules under the Radio Taxi Scheme, 2006 which specifies that the licensee must be either a company under the Companies Act, it should have parking space, and office space with a control room and vehicles with GPS/GPRS-based tracking devices. But companies like Uber were not following any of these rules,” Mishra said.

Hostile environment forces rape victims to withdraw casesHostile environment forces rape victims to withdraw cases
Mallica Joshi , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 01:57 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 02:26 IST(9/12/2014)
Comments
Considering the way a rape victim is treated in court and outside, experts say it is a surprise that more women do not turn hostile during the trial.
Humiliating questions, insensitive defence lawyers and open courts that do nothing to make a rape victim comfortable are what they have to face. For a victim who decides to go ahead and fight for justice in a court of law, the trauma of rape has to be lived till the trial is over. 
“Turning to the criminal justice system here is very traumatic. From the time you file a complaint to the time that the trial concludes, it is an uphill task for the woman to fight. Women can file a complaint against the police official who refuses to file her complaint but not a lot of people know this,” said Karuna Nundy, a Supreme Court lawyer.
No change in mindset: Victim still being blamed for rape
Even today, experts say, investigators as well as defence lawyers, bring up a woman’s attire when it comes to rape cases.
“A Yale study clearly showed how the quantum of punishment in rape cases varied if the woman was married, unmarried and a virgin or if she was in a relationship,” Nundy added.
Another issue is the pressure that families put on girls to withdraw their complaints.
“A number of women we work with are dependent on their families for sustenance and support. When these families do not support them, there is no option to withdraw the case or turn hostile,” said Sunita Thakur, a lawyer who works with women’s organization Jagori. 
She also points to how women have to choose their job over the court case very often and in such cases, it is the job that wins.
Nundy points out how there is no effective witness protection programme that can protect women.
“If the families are supporting the women, it is usually the accused out on bail or his family members who are harassing her. Add existing mental trauma to that and the situation becomes very difficult for women to keep fighting the case,” she said.
Some things, however, have changed.
“At least now laws are there and the awareness about these laws has increased. Also, women’s confidence has gone up when it comes to reporting crime. They have realized that they have the right to bodily integrity. Personally, things have changed for many people. Sadly, we don’t see this happening in law enforcement,” Nundy said.

Lena Dunhams publisher says her alleged rapist Barry wasnt actually named BarryBy Eugene Volokh December 8 Follow @volokhc
Lena Dunham in a scene from the HBO series “Girls.” (JoJo Whilden/HBO via AP)
As I noted last week , Lena Dunham’s memoir describes her having sex with someone named Barry, whom she labels as Oberlin’s “resident conservative.” Her description seems to leave it somewhat ambiguous as to whether Barry raped her, but it does describe some sexual behavior by Barry that at the very least reflects badly on him; readers have certainly viewed it as rape, and Dunham has elsewhere characterized it as rape . There are two passages in which she describes the incident: one in which it comes across as consensual but unsatisfying, and another one that she begins by saying,
I’m an unreliable narrator…. [I]n another essay in this book I describe a sexual encounter with a mustachioed campus Republican as the upsetting but educational choice of a girl who was new to sex when, in fact, it didn’t feel like a choice at all.
She then goes on to describe the incident in a good deal of detail, and as a Breitbart story by John Nolte notes, there is an easily identifiable Oberlin conservative from that era named Barry; indeed, that Barry has already been identified as the person from Dunham’s book by many people. But the Breitbart story also notes that many other details don’t add up, and that the allegations about Barry may thus be inaccurate.
TheWrap now reports that Random House has put out a statement exonerating this Identifiable Conservative Barry, and saying that the alleged rapist wasn’t really named Barry at all:
As indicated on the copyright page of Not That Kind of Girl by Lena Dunham, some names and identifying details in the book have been changed. The name ‘Barry’ referenced in the book is a pseudonym. Random House, on our own behalf and on behalf of our author, regrets the confusion that has led attorney Aaron Minc to post on GoFundMe on behalf of his client, whose first name is Barry.
We are offering to pay the fees Mr. Minc has billed his client to date. Our offer will allow Mr. Minc and his client to donate all of the crowd-funding raised to not-for-profit organizations assisting survivors of rape and sexual assault.
Appalling. The book wasn’t a novel; it was a memoir, offered to readers as such. The copyright page, which I suspect few people read, does say that “Some names and identifying details have been changed,” but it certainly doesn’t tell people which ones.
Indeed, early in the book, when she mentions a boyfriend of hers and labels him Jonah, she adds a footnote: “Name changed to protect the truly innocent.” Reasonable readers, it seems to me, reading the rest of the memoir, would assume that “Barry” — whose name wasn’t accompanied with any such footnote — was actually named Barry. Even if not all readers would so conclude, many would, and quite understandably so.
How could Dunham and Random House do this? How could an author and a publisher — again, of a self-described memoir, not a work of fiction — describe a supposed rape by a person, give a (relatively rare) first name and enough identifying details that readers could easily track the person down, and not even mention that “Barry” wasn’t this person’s real name?
Say even that Dunham had forgotten that there really was a prominent Oberlin conservative named Barry back then. Surely it was obviously possible that, if one makes up a first name, someone real, who matches the other easily Google-findable characteristics, might have that name. Given the gravity of the charge, how can one possibly rely on a statement on the copyright page as the only hint that this particular item in the memoir is inaccurate?
Nor does Random House’s statement now help Identifiable Conservative Barry much. The memoir is still out there; many people have read it but haven’t seen the Random House statement; many more people will read it and not see the Random House statement. This is going to dog Identifiable Conservative Barry for years to come — for the simple reason that Dunham and Random House published a factual item (the statement that the alleged rapist was named Barry) that
they knew
was false
without stating, clearly and immediately (again, as they had done with regard to another man), that the name was made up.
For more on the libel implications of all this, see my earlier post , though of course now that Random House has admitted that Identifiable Conservative Barry actually didn’t do these things, the case becomes much easier. John Nolte, who wrote the Breitbart story, also has a more on the Random House statement .
[NOTE: If this is your first visit to the blog, welcome! We are a bunch of mostly libertarianish or conservativish law professors, blogging here at the Post but enjoying full editorial independence -- please don't ascribe our opinions to the Post, or the Post's opinion to us, much as we enjoy working together with our Post hosts. We blog mostly about law, but also about the media, politics, and whatever suits our fancy. Check us out some time at http://washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy .]
UPDATE: Note that the fundraising materials for the legal expenses fund started by the lawyer for Identifiable Conservative Barry say that,
Any proceeds not used on legal related costs will be donated to not-for-profit organizations that assist victims of rape and sexual assault, to be selected at a later date.
This, I think, helps explain Random House’s statement that its offer to pay all legal fees billed to date “will allow Mr. Minc [Barry's lawyer] and his client to donate all of the crowd-funding raised to not-for-profit organizations assisting survivors of rape and sexual assault.” There is much to fault in Dunham’s and Random House’s behavior, but Random House’s statement about the fund money going to non-profits that help rape victims seems justifiable.
FURTHER UPDATE: The Hollywood Reporter — a major film and TV industry publication here in L.A. — reports that, according to the lawyer Aaron Minc,
Dunham’s lawyers at Ziffren Brittenham in Los Angeles who assure him that future printings of the book, subtitled “A young woman tells you what she’s ‘learned,’” will come with a disclaimer that “Barry” is not the real name of the man who raped Dunham when the two were students at Oberlin College a decade ago.
FURTHER UPDATE: Folks, I think Lena Dunham acted badly here — but some commenters’ view that she’s ugly or too fat or what have you seems to me to have little to do with the merits of the matter. Please keep the comments substantive and polite.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

My Conversation With Bryan Stevensonreddit
Tonight on PBS I'm joined by Bryan Stevenson, activist, attorney, and the founder and executive director of the Equal Justice Initiative.  This McArthur Genius Grant recipient has dedicated his life to fixing what many perceive as a broken justice system.  He won the landmark Supreme Court case striking down life sentences for juveniles, just one issue he details in his New York Times bestseller Just Mercy: A Story of Justice and Redemption.
In the clip below I ask Professor Stevenson about a new poll that finds that a majority of Americans believe race relations have worsened since the election of our nation's first Black president.
For more of our conversation, be sure to tune in to Tavis Smiley on PBS. Check our website for your local TV listings: pbs.org/tavis .
Follow Tavis Smiley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/tavissmiley
More:

Cab rape case: Uber service banned in Delhi  similar action mulled across IndiaDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
International taxi-booking service Uber was banned in the capital yesterday and government mulled similar action across the country as outrage grew over the alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman executive by its driver Shiv Kumar Yadav who is stated to be a repeat offender and was jailed before.
The case had also a new twist over a ‘character certificate’ issued in the name of an Additional DCP of the Delhi Police to the accused driver Shiv Kumar Yadav in August this year with Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi calling it fake and ordering a probe into this and registration of an FIR. This certificate was provided to Uber, police said.
Late tonight, Delhi Police filed an FIR against Uber for alleged cheating even as earlier in the day, a senior Delhi Police official said “we may book the company under CrPc section 188 and other charges as criminal negligence and abetment to the crime have been made out against Uber”.
“We have registered a separate FIR against Uber under Section 420 (cheating) of IPC. In inveatigations so far, it emerged that the company cheated their customer on the pretext of providing safe commuting with duly verfied driver,” Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma told PTI.
Investigators probing the rape case have found “criminal negligence” and “abetment” of crime by the US-based cab company whose General Manager (Marketing) Gagan Bhatia was grilled today. Bhatia claims to be the in-charge of the company’s India operations, police said.
A day after Yadav, 32, was arrested in Mathura, the Delhi government also blacklisted Uber from providing any transport service in the capital even as it emerged that Yadav had spent seven months in jail in a rape case in 2011. Yadav was acquitted in that case.
“The transport department has banned all activities related to providing of any transport service by www.uber.com with immediate effect. The department has also blacklisted the company from providing any transport service in the NCT of Delhi in future,” the Delhi government said in a statement.
Yadav was today remanded in police custody for three days by a Delhi court. He will be in police custody till December 11. Police said Yadav needs to be interrogated for recovery of a mobile phone used by him.
Official sources said the Union Home Ministry is planning to ask all state governments and administration of nine union territories, where Uber runs its cab services, to put a ban on it.
Uber cab services are available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Kolkata and Pune.
The rape case also brought to spotlight the laxity in enforcement of established norms governing the transport sector in the capital.
“He did not have the mandatory PSV badge that is issued by the state transport authority after getting a police verification. Uber did not bother to check that and hired him,” said a police officer.
Yadav, who was driving the uber cab, allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back to her home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
The police said that during investigations prime facie it has emerged that criminal negligence was made out on the part of Uber as a number of alleged shortcomings were found on their part as neither the driver was verified nor there was a GPS tracking device in the car.
As per norms, it is mandatory for all private cab service providers to carry out a background check and obtain police verification of the drivers.
Meanwhile, the city witnessed protests at various places including outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh’s residence.
Holding placards and chanting anti-government slogans, the protesters demanded better security for women and punishment for the driver.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

Markets may open lower; Sun Pharma  ITC  ICICI Bank in focusMarkets may open lower; Sun Pharma, ITC, ICICI Bank in focus
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 08:22 AM IST
Markets are likely to open lower tracking losses in their Asian peers and sharp overnight decline on Wall Street.
 
At 8:20AM, the early indicator SGX Nifty was down 30 points at 8,452.
 
 Markets are also likely to react to the current account data (CAD) which at 2.1% of the GDP for the July-September quarter is higher compared to same quarter last fiscal when the figure was 1.2%.
 
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 4,984.60 crore on Monday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
 
Asian markets have opened lower. Nikkei index has lost around 0.3% while the Shanghai Composite and the Hang Seng indices have declined by 0.2% and 1% each.
 
Overnight, US markets ended lower dragged by losses in energy shares as crude oil prices dropped down to a five-year low. Worries about global growth also dampened sentiments.  Data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter.
 
The Dow Jones industrial average declined 0.6% to 17,852.48, the S&P 500  ended lower by 0.7% to 2,060.31 and the Nasdaq Composite lost  0.8%, to 4,740.69.
 
Stocks to Watch
 
Sun Pharma may witness fresh buying as its bid to acquire Ranbaxy has received approval from CCI, though with certain riders.
 Oil marketing companies, like BPCL, HPCL and IOC will be in focus as crude oil prices slid another 4% to new five-year lows on Monday.
 
ITC will be in focus as the company is planning to invest around Rs 1,000 crore to get into the dairy and juice business, according to media reports.
 
ICICI Bank will be in focus as after SBI, HDFC Bank & Axis Bank now ICICI Bank has also decided to charge its own customers for using their Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) after five transactions.
Kotak Mahindra will be in focus on plans to expand its consumer banking business by 18% on the back of a robust service sector and improved asset quality, according to Shanti Ekambaram, president (consumer banking) at Kotak Mahindra Bank.
Cadila Healthcare may come under pressure on voluntary recall of certain medicines from the US market.
 
DLF will be in focus as on Monday Kerala high court ordered it to demolish portions of its premium waterfront residential project in Kochi, DLF Riverside, which were construction in violation of the CRZ rules
 
SpiceJet may extend losses as it has cancelled 1,861 flights on various routes between December 8 and 31.
 

Equity MF units worth Rs 6 000 crore redeemed in NovemberSome MF investors take money off the table
Chandan Kishore Kant | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 10:48 PM IST
Mutual fund (MF) investors might have started taking money off the table with the market having soared past the 28,000-mark in November.
Last month, equity MFs saw gross redemptions worth around Rs 6,000 crore, the highest in four months. Those in the sector say savvy high net worth individuals (HNIs), having made good returns this year, booked profits on their investments.
Dhirendra Kumar, chief executive officer (CEO) of Delhi-based fund tracking firm Value Research, said: “These are investors who came early and put in money when the markets were low. They have made substantial money on their investments and are using newer market highs to book some profits.”
For instance, every Rs 100 invested in any category of equity schemes a year earlier would have a value of anywhere between Rs 130 and Rs 181 now.
G Pradeepkumar, CEO of Union KBC MF, said: “As markets rally, there will always be some investors who want to partially book profits. This is what must have happened in November.”
Another factor which prompted higher redemption from equities was fixed income products turning attractive from a short-term perspective, say sector executives.
As anticipations for an imminent interest rate cut started to get built into bond prices in November, reasonable flows toward fixed income products were witnessed.
During the month, 26 schemes in this category were launched, garnering nearly Rs 3,700 crore.
“Amid talk of rate cuts, HNIs' money has started shifting from equities to debt to some extent,” said Jimmy Patel, CEO of Quantum MF.
Kumar says even if one invests now in fixed income MF products, one can expect almost a guaranteed return of 14-15 per cent.
Further, continuous popping up of closed-end equity schemes, often attached with higher commissions for distributors, have brought in a significant amount of churning of investors' money. Every time a distributor made investors close their existing accounts, it add to the redemption figure.
In November, three closed-end equity products from the stable of DSP BlackRock, ICICI Pru AMC and Sundaram MF were offered to investors. These together gathered Rs 875 crore of investor money.
“All this can't be fresh money. At a time when regular schemes are offering trail commission of 40-60 basis points (0.4 to 0.6 per cent), a newer closed scheme is offering distributors four to seven per cent. Why would not the distributors churn the money?” said a marketing head of a large fund house.
However, sector officials do not see the overall trend changing, as a majority of the inflows continue to come in the equity category. For instance, in November alone, gross sales in equity schemes remained strong at Rs 11,000 crore. They expect that as the markets trend higher more investors will pump money into stocks.

J-K  Jharkhand third phase polling beginsComments
Millions of voters defied a separatist call to boycott assembly elections in Kashmir and voted amid tight security in the third phase of the polls on Tuesday, but the turnout was lower than the first two rounds with voters in separatist stronghold staying away.
Kashmiri voters queue at a polling station in Handwara, about 70 kms north of capital Srinagar. (AFP photo)
The Election Commission said 58% of voters turned up to cast their ballot, lower than record over 70% numbers in the first two phases when Kashmiris battled bone-chilling winter temperatures in a bid to keep the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from gaining in the Muslim-majority state.
Sixteen constituencies in the Valley went to the polls under the shadow of violence after 21 people were killed in a string of militant attacks last week, including one on an army camp in the border town of Uri, but that didn’t stop people in central Kashmir where the turnout was a high 73%. Uri recorded a record high turnout of 79% while the highest percentage in the state was in Charar-i-Sharief were 82% of people came out to vote.
Militant attacks and poll boycott cast a shadow on voter turnout in many areas including the separatist bastions of Sopore and Baramulla in North Kashmir and South Kashmir's Tral and Pulwama.
Sopore logged the lowest numbers at 30 percent while Tral and Pulwama recorded 38 percent voting and Baramulla was moderate at 45 percent. Sopore is the hometown of separatist leader Syed Ali Shah and Tral was one of the worse affected in Friday’s militant attacks, with two civilians killed and 10 injured in a grenade attack in a crowded market.
Many people said they were voting for peace and development in Kashmir which has been torn by a separatist revolt for about 25 years.
"We have borne the brunt of wars between the two countries. The Kashmir issue is too big and complex to be resolved by my vote. Our village got road this year only. Earlier we used to trek on foot. I am voting for a pakka road and hope to see some employment generation here," said Muhammad Hanief, a 50-year-old government employee.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and three of his cabinet colleagues are among 144 candidates whose fate will be decided in the third phase of polling spread across the three districts Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla districts.
The Abdullah scion, however, faces tough competition from Congress which is banking on the local credentials of candidate Nazir Ahmad Khan. Analysts say his National Conference is widely expected to lose in the face of deep anger in the state, especially since the devastating floods in September, while the Peoples Democratic Party is seen emerging as the single largest party in the 87-member assembly.
Some areas in South and North Kashmir witnessed stone pelting and a petrol bomb was hurled by unidentified men at a polling station in Gulmarg constituency. No casualties were reported in the incident, but polling was generally peaceful.
PDP patron Mufti Muhammad Sayeed said the massive turnout was "not only a message to the divisive forces but also an assertion to resolve problems democratically".
“Jammu and Kashmir is sending out a loud and clear massage not only to the divisive forces but also that it wants the problems facing the state resolved through the democratic process," Sayeed said in Khiram area of Bijbehara constituency.
Jharkhand too defied a Maoist call to boycott the polls with 61.35% of voters turning out to vote in 17 constituencies in a bid to end years of political instability in the state which has seen nine chief ministers and been under President’s Rule three times since it was created 14 years ago.
Barring a few incidents of exchange of gunfire between security forces and Maoists in Giridih district and clashes between two political parties in Ichagarh before polling began, the third round passed off peacefully.
A total of 289 candidates are contesting 17 out of the state’s 81 assembly seats, including former chief ministers Babulal Marandi, former deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato, former assembly speaker CP Singh and three cabinet ministers—Annapurna Devi, Rajendra Prasad Singh and Jaiprakash Bhai Patel.

Philippine storm kills 27  but no damage to ManilaPhilippines storm kills 27, but no damage to Manila
AFP
print
The death toll from a giant storm crossing the Philippines rose to 27 on Tuesday, the Red Cross said, but there was widespread relief after it brushed the capital without causing major damage.
Most of the people killed were on the far eastern island of Samar, where Hagupit initially made landfall as a typhoon on the weekend with winds of 210 kilometres an hour.
Hagupit then weakened while moving slowly west, passing close to the capital Manila on Monday night and today morning without dumping forecast heavy rain.
Tens of thousands of people, mostly the city's poorest residents who live in shanty homes along the coast and riverbanks, spent the night in evacuation centres to wait out the storm.
They returned to their homes on Monday in drizzly weather after only moderate rain and no major flooding throughout the night. Philippine Red Cross chairman Richard Gordon told AFP on Tuesday the number of people confirmed killed so far was 27, although he expected that number to rise with full assessments from Samar and other areas yet to be done.
Hagupit was downgraded from a tropical storm to a tropical depression on Tuesday, as it passed over the far western islands of the Southeast Asian archipelago and approached the South China Sea.

Jharkhand Assembly polls live: 4 Naxals injured in encounter with police in GiridihJharkhand Assembly polls live: Nearly 55 per cent polling till 3 PM
IBNLive.com | Dec 09, 2014 at  04:58pm IST
Voting on seventeen assembly seats is underway in the third phase where nearly 50 lakh voters will decide the fate of 289 candidates including three independents.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Markets Live: Sensex opens marginally in the red on weak Asian cuesWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Jammu and Kashmir: Polling begins for third phase; CM Omar Abdullah buckles up for hisseatBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 9:31 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 9:37 am
Voting began for 16 Assembly constituencies in Jammu and Kashmir. The phase three polling began amid high security alert eyeing for threats especially after the recent militant attacks.
J&K Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and minister Abdul Rahim Rather are among the 144 candidates who will be contesting in 16 of the 87 Assembly seats.
About 13 lakh voters would be voting across Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla districts.

LIVE - 1st Test  Adelaide  Day 1: Warner ton puts India on backfootAustralia's David Warner dedicated his stirring century to tragic teammate Phillip Hughes on Tuesday as emotions over the batsman's death dominated the delayed first Test against India.
related stories
India vs Australia first Test: David Warner notches 10th century
Warner's determined 145 off 163 balls, studded with glances to the heavens, was the mainstay of Australia's innings as they reached 354 for six at the end of day one at Adelaide.
But on a day of tributes to Hughes, killed in a freak batting accident, there was also concern when skipper Michael Clarke retired hurt with a back problem.
Clarke, 33, who had to pass a fitness test on a hamstring problem before playing, left the ground for further assessment of his long-standing lower back complaint.
Pre-game tributes to Hughes included 63 seconds of applause, representing his score when he was fatally struck in the head by a short-pitched ball on November 25.
When the first Test, moved from its December 4 start in Brisbane as Australia mourned, finally got underway, the positive Warner hit a first-ball boundary and remained upbeat, reaching his 10th Test hundred off just 106 balls.
In a poignant moment Warner, one of the first to rush to Hughes when he was struck down in Sydney, embraced batting partner Clarke in a long mid-pitch hug as the opener reached his fifth century this year.
'That was for him'
Warner looked annoyed after he holed out in the deep off debutant Test leg-spinner Karn Sharma for his 145, with 19 boundaries, in the 57th over.
"There was a lot of adrenalin going through my head and I knew the little man (Hughes) up there was with me at the other end and you know, it all fell into place," Warner said.
"That was definitely for him today (Tuesday). He was there when I scored my first hundred - he was at the other end - and I dedicate that 100 to him today (Tuesday).
"Michael (Clarke) said to me he would be proud of us both and try to get on and win the game.
"It was little moment (embrace) we shared out there and I hope Michael can come out and get his next 40."
Australia, who won the toss, lost some late wickets and reached the close at 354 for six with Steven Smith leading the way on an unbeaten 72. Brad Haddin was out for a duck in the day's final over.
Warner was at his pugnacious best, plundering 37 runs off his first 20 balls and giving his grieving team-mates a heartening start.
There was an uplifting moment when Warner looked to the heavens on reaching 63 and the crowd responded with sustained applause, a scene that was repeated when Smith reached the same score late in the day.
Clarke was also given a huge ovation as he came to the wicket, an acknowledgement of his leading role in the days after Hughes's death, in which he read a tearful tribute at the funeral and was one of the pallbearers.
But it didn't end well for the captain, who called for the trainer after experiencing lower back problems and trudged off hurt with a fluent 60 off 84 balls.
Eye-moistening video
Mitchell Marsh put on 87 runs for the fourth wicket with Smith but he speared a rearing Varun Aaron delivery to Virat Kohli at fourth slip for 41 in the final overs of the day.
Nathan Lyon, sent in as a nightwatchman, was bowled by Mohammed Shami for three with 12 balls left and Haddin was caught behind off Shami.
Chris Rogers was dismissed in the day's eighth over for nine off 22 balls when Ishant Sharma coaxed an edge to Shikhar Dhawan at second slip.
Watson followed in the 19th over, giving Dhawan his second catch in the slips off Aaron and making way for Clarke to come to the wicket.
There were tributes to Hughes before the game got underway with players and fans standing and applauding in unison for a symbolic 63 seconds.
The Australian and Indian teams, both sporting black arm bands, lined up in respect for the well-liked batsman. The home side wore Hughes's 408 Test cap number on their shirts.
Prominent broadcaster and former Australia captain Richie Benaud also narrated an eye-moistening video shown on the ground's big screen, finishing with the words: "Forever, rest in peace, son."
Commentary, Australia Innings

Here are Siddarth Bhamre s top trading ideasLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are Siddarth Bhamre's top trading ideas
Watch the interview of Siddarth Bhamre of Angel Broking with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here
Watch the interview of Siddarth Bhamre of Angel Broking with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Siddarth Bhamre's interview with CNBC-TV18.
I think even though JLR is doing good, global slowdown impact would definitely come
on Tata Motors  and apart from that if I get into the derivatives statistics also we are seeing some formation of short positions in Tata Motors now at higher levels. We are not very keen to suggest any kind of long positions. We don’t have very aggressive downside targets but certainly we are expecting the support of Rs 510-515 should go and the stock should go down to Rs 485-488 kind of level. So go short with small stoploss.
We don’t have very aggressive target price in Bharti Airtel  but the stock has been
correcting from Rs 410. It is nearing its strong support of around Rs 360. If you look at fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) stocks like ITC and HUL, they have been acting as defensive stocks in this falling market and Bharti Airtel is a rangebound stock since quite some time. I believe some of the market participants would use this stock as defensive as well and around Rs 360-365 some buying would emerge. At dips go long in Bharti Airtel.
RELATED NEWS

Is buying a newly constructed home the best choiceIs buying a newly constructed property always the best choice?
CreditVidya –  Mon 8 Dec, 2014 12:16 PM IST
Print
If you have decided to buy your own house and have worked hard to cough up an EMI for your home loan each month, it is but natural for you to desire the very best. Almost all prospective home owners think of buying a brand new property, or an under construction property to begin with. While it is indeed an exciting idea, you should not be too hung up on the same. Here are some valid reasons why.
While a newly constructed house or an under construction, property may sound good in theory, it may not always work out for the best as problems such as construction delays, or shoddy construction work may cause relentless trouble for you later. Here are some advantages and disadvantages to consider while thinking of buying a newly built home.
10 Fantasy Homes You Have to See to Believe
The advantages
First things first, nothing compares to the feeling moving into a newly constructed home! The walls smell of fresh paint and things are perfect and you don’t have to worry about making the house “liveable”.
If you are buying an under construction property you can have the builder customize the interiors of your home before it is ready to move in. Choosing a colour pallete or some tweaks in basic construction can indeed be a big bonus.
Newly constructed homes also come with modern design elements such as open kitchens, customized wall to wall closets, bathrooms with latest designs. Modern day facilities such as pipe gas, alarm systems, DTH facilities, internet wiring, etc. are also taken care of.
Modern day constructions (provided you have selected a fairly reputable builder) also use energy efficient construction materials which means you will spend lesser on your electricity bills.
The other obvious financial benefit you get from a brand new house is that all the plumbing and wiring is new, so you will not have to spend money on any major repairs for a first few years.
Tips to find a low cost budget home
The disadvantages
But of course, all things new come with an extra cost and so is the case with any new property. It would cost you at least 10% -15% more to buy a brand new house as compared to a similar existing property. All the modern day amenities that you went ga-ga over, come with a heftyprice tags, so be prepared to pay for them.
If you are looking for a new property you will have to compromise on the distances from either your office or the schools of your kids. Chances are you will spend more time on the commute and will be quite far away from your favourite weekend hangouts or supermarkets.
If a well established community and neighbourhood is a primary consideration for you, its best to stay away from a new property, because it will take quite some time for your neighbours to move in and build the kind of old neighborhood charm that you were expecting. Also, if you are one of the first people to move in, chances are you will be in a construction zone for a while.
If architectural details, old world charm, creative interiors etc. are your cup of tea, a newly built home will disappoint you. If you are the kinds who likes to customize the interiors of the house and want to tailor it according to your preferences, it will be best for you to go in for an existing property. Upgrading your home according to your wishes is much easier in such homes.
Brand new homes may seem to be a great choice, if you want all the modern facilities and don’t mind paying a premium for it. But if you want to consider your lifestyle, travel distances and of course want to save every pie you can while you are buying your home, you may well go in for an existing property and upgrade it little by little as and when your budget permits you.
 

Board of Colgate-Palmolive (India) recommends second interim dividendBoard of Colgate-Palmolive (India) recommends second interim dividend
Sun-Ranbaxy: Brokerages not worried over CCI riderSun-Ranbaxy: Brokerages not worried over CCI rider
Rupee weakens to 61.89 per dollar as current account deficit widensRupee weakens to 61.89 per dollar as current account deficit widens
Opto Circuits up 4%  FDI in medical devices may be easedOpto Circuits up 4%  FDI in medical devices may be eased
ONGC s subsidy burden being cutONGC s subsidy burden being cut
Sun Pharma gains after CCI approves merger with Ranbaxy LabSun Pharma gains after CCI approves merger with Ranbaxy Lab
Delhi bans all internet taxi firms after Uber rape claim: reportDelhi bans all internet taxi firms after Uber rape claim: report
Delhi govt bans all app based taxi services like Ola and Taxi For Sure till they get licenceDelhi govt bans all app based taxi services like Ola and Taxi For Sure till they get licence
Govt creating shelf of 500 ready-to-launch projects for infrastructure growth: NGovt creating shelf of 500 ready-to-launch projects for infrastructure growth: N
Brent hits 5-year low of below $66 on supply woesBrent crude steadies near $66 after hitting fresh 5-year low
Reuters
Tweet
Beijing, Dec 9:  
Brent crude oil hit a fresh five-year low on Tuesday before steadying near $66 a barrel as some cautious buying emerged following a 43 per cent price slide since June.
Fast-growing US shale output has hurt the ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to manage supplies, sending prices sharply lower in anticipation of a large oil glut early next year.
Brent crude at 5-year low. On the technical charts, crude is at imp. 61.8% retracement of LT move. The fall has to stop here. Else $40 is on
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 9, 2014
Supply and demand will set the prices for oil in coming months, an oil official from the United Arab Emirates said on Tuesday, in the latest sign OPEC Gulf producers are ready to weather lower prices after declining to cut output last month.
“Although talks of oil reaching its bottom are more rampant, we fail to see a reversal coming without stronger fundamentals,’’ Daniel Ang of Phillip Futures said in a note.
Brent crude for January delivery was up 2 cents at $66.21 a barrel by 0940 GMT after falling as low as $65.29, its weakest since September 2009. Brent had fallen fell by 4.2 per cent or $2.88 on Monday in its third-largest one-day loss this year.
US crude was up 23 cents at $63.28 a barrel, bouncing after briefly hitting $62.25, its lowest since July 2009. It fell 4.2 per cent or $2.79 on Monday.
Crude sales
Industry sources said top OPEC exporter Saudi Arabia would keep crude sales at full contracted volumes for Asian term buyers in January, while the head of Kuwait’s national oil company had said on Monday that oil would remain around $65 a barrel for months.
Norwegian brokerage DNB Markets said that excess supplies could push Brent down to the $50s in the first half of 2015 as it lowered its average year forecast by $10 to $70 per barrel.
Brent prices averaged around $110 between 2011 and 2013 and topped $115 in June. Losses accelerated in late November after OPEC decided against reducing its output target, despite its own forecasts of a surplus and calls from members, including Iran and Venezuela to cut production.
Since then, Saudi Arabia and second-largest OPEC producer Iraq have both cut monthly prices for the United States and Asia, in a move some analysts say shows OPEC members are competing for market share.
US shale gas
New US projections show oil production from the big three US shale plays should grow by more than 100,000 barrels per day by January.
However, many shale companies are starting to make deep cuts to spending for next year.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Bhopal Gas Tragedy: 30 Years LaterSanjay now makes a living from working on research projects, “mainly on the gas tragedy”.
Latest Gallery

International rights not in jeopardy  clarifies SpiceJetDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Kalanithi Maran- promoted low-fare airline SpiceJet, which has been going through a rough patch, has dismissed reports that its international flying rights may be in jeopardy due to curtailment of some of routes.
In a statement issued on Sunday, Spicejet said: “It has been reported in some newspapers that SpiceJet’s international flying rights may be in jeopardy as our fleet may fall to below 20 aircraft. This is absolutely incorrect and false information as our fleet is currently 37 aircraft, well above the limit of 20. These newspapers neglect that fact we also have 15 Bombardier Q400s in our fleet, in addition to 22 Boeing 737s.”
The airline also took objection to reports about its dues to its suppliers.
“It has been reported in some media that our payables to suppliers are Rs 1,600 crore, and that we have been directed by the DGCA to clear these payments by December 15. First, our payables to suppliers are significantly less than Rs 1,600 crore, the number being erroneously quoted. Second, the DGCA has not asked for all payables to be cleared by December 15; it has asked for a payment plan to be shared with them by December 15,” it said.
On reports that its fleet reduction was somehow related to its discounted fare strategy, the airline said: “Once again we want to emphasise that it has nothing to do with our pricing strategy or operational performance. Our new business and pricing strategy, adopted in early 2014, looks to boost loads through advance purchase sales to ensure we fly as few empty seats as possible, and boost yields through close-in pricing.”
According to SpiceJet, this was the global best practice for LCCs and SpiceJet’s advance discount sales strategy has resulted in a revenue increase of 15% in the last quarter year-on-year, more than double the rate of capacity (ASK) increase. It resulted in a unit revenue (RASK) increase of 12% y-o-y for the quarter, a feat not easy to achieve anywhere in the world. It resulted in losses for the last quarter falling 50%
y-o-y. It resulted in market growth of 15-25% y-o-y each month due to SpiceJet-led demand stimulation, with significant benefits to the travel ecosystem and the overall economy.
“Once again, there is absolutely no connection between our operating performance and pricing strategy, and our current fleet re-sizing. Those who make this false connection either choose ignore the facts that are clearly seen in the data, or do not understand basic airline operating and revenue metrics,” it said.
Taking exception to reports relating to heightened safety oversight, SpiceJet said safety was its top priority and it has never, and neverwill, take short-cuts on safety.
“The aviation minister himself has stated to the media that the safety oversight was a routine process and was not related to any specific safety issues or concerns,” SpiceJet said.
TAGS: SpiceJet
More from companies

Amid crisis  SpiceJet searches for a lifelineAmid crisis, SpiceJet searches for a lifeline
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 12:50 AM IST
SpiceJet’s current predicament is in some ways reminiscent of the Kingfisher Airlines crisis. A sudden reduction of the airline’s fleet, leading to mass flight cancellations, and a mountain of unpaid dues triggered alarm among suppliers and the government.
The civil aviation ministry appears supportive of SpiceJet because it does not want another airline to fail. The real test now will be the capacity of the airline’s chairman, Kalanithi Maran, to raise funds. And he needs to do this quickly.
Maran owns a 53 per cent stake in the airline and will chair a board meeting on Tuesday to discuss recapitalisation measures.
ALSO READ:  SpiceJet board to meet today
SpiceJet says it is wrong to compare it with Kingfisher Airlines and is confident it will fly out of turbulence. However, the suddenness with which it has scaled down has raised fears that the airline is on the brink of collapse. It also suggests that suppliers and lessors are losing patience.
While the airline began canceling flights last month, many of its problems go back further in time. For five consecutive quarters the airline posted losses and the mismatch between revenue and expense kept widening. Dues have been piling up for many months. SpiceJet owes vendors, airports and lessors about Rs 1,600 crore. The airline says the figure is lower and dues have come down since June.
There is a mismatch of about Rs 5-10 crore daily in actual revenue earned and the amount required to meet current expenses and pending dues, an aviation source says. SpiceJet is unable to bridge it, he adds.
Lessors and banks, too, are exerting pressure on the airline. SpiceJet has faced difficulty in securing loan facilities from banks, the source says.
Representatives of Export Development Canada (EDC), which funded the SpiceJet’s purchase of Bombardier Q 400 aircraft, met the Director-General of Civil Aviation last week. SpiceJet has 15 planes of the type and EDC is reported to have expressed concern about the airline's financial health and delay in loan repayment.
Nathan Nelson, chief representative of EDC in India, confirmed the meeting but declined to comment on discussions. SpiceJet, however, however termed reports of the Canadian government’s intervention as false.
Industry sources believe SpiceJet has been forced to curtail operations because it was unable to raise funds and its cash flow was being stretched to meet dues. Three days ago SpiceJet Chief Operating Officer Sanjiv Kapoor said the airline would operate 22-24 Boeing aircraft till the middle of next year. A fortnight ago Kapoor had said the airline would restore its Boeing fleet to 35 planes from 28 by December and maintain its schedule.
All this negative news over the last seven days has led to a fall in bookings, travel agents say. Other airlines, too, are reacting to the adverse news. The Jet Airways management has instructed its airport staff not to extend assistance — like accepting passengers in case of schedule disruption — to SpiceJet on credit unless there was an approval from the chief executive officer. Jet Airways did not reply to an email query on the issue.
Aviation experts, however, feel there is still a chance of a revival. Capt G R Gopinath, founder of Air Deccan, says, “SpiceJet needs to be given breathing time to enable it to find an investor. The government needs to find a way to support the airline in the absence of a bankruptcy protection law.”
“I feel SpiceJet will find an investor, but the airline will have to be flexible while negotiating the deal,” says Amrit Pandurangi, senior director of Deloitte.
Inability to mop up funds and reduced operations over a longer period  will result in a hit on SpiceJet’s revenue and market share. Unit costs could go up as fixed costs are spread over fewer planes. The airline might find itself with surplus staff who could have to quit, experts fear.
Kapil Kaul of the Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation says, “As of now, I don’t see SpiceJet going the Kingfisher way, but any further delay in recapitalisation will lead to the logical conclusion. SpiceJet needs interim funding to make operations stable before a new investor is on board. The operating environment is positive as costs are down, especially jet fuel  prices, and growth is likely to be stable from next fiscal (year).”

Uber drives itself into scrutiny as its driver held for rape in DelhiUber drives itself into possible legal trouble and scrutiny as its driver held for rape in Delhi
ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 03.06AM IST
Tags:
Cab
(Shiv Kumar Yadav was taken…)
NEW DELHI: Taxi-hailing company Uber has driven itself into possible legal trouble and regulatory scrutiny after one of its drivers in New Delhi was arrested for allegedly raping a female customer, evoking comparisons with the December 2012 Nirbhaya rape case that shamed India before the world.
As San Francisco-based Uber scrambled to protest its innocence amid allegations that its quest for speedy growth had led it to compromise with rigour in its driver verification processes, Delhi Police officials said on Sunday they planned to press charges of criminal negligence against the company, potentially exposing its officials in India to the prospect of arrest.
Police have issued a notice to Uber to join the investigation, a process which law enforcement officials said will see its executives being questioned on why no proper records of the driver were maintained and why his police verification was not done. The driver, 32-yearold Shiv Kumar Yadav, a father of three who is accused of assaulting and raping the 26-year-old passenger, an employee in a MNC in Gurgaon, after threatening her with an iron rod and reminding her of Nirbhaya's fate while ferrying her home in the early hours of Saturday, was arrested from his home town Mathura in UP on Sunday evening and was due to be produced in a Delhi court.
Police had no clue about Uber
The prompt arrest could save the government and the Delhi Police, severely bruised by the Nirbhaya rape episode, criticism in Parliament when it opens for business on Monday morning.
But on Sunday evening there was no such comfort for Uber. The episode has left the company, whose actions and language have in recent weeks earned it the ire of many around the world including a sharp rebuke from the Reserve Bank of India, facing its biggest crisis so far besides putting an unflattering spotlight on itself and the entire mobile app-based taxi-hailing industry in the country and raising questions about laxities in their business practices.
The incident, which sparked outrage against Uber on social media, is also forcing regulators and rivals to evaluate the systems in an industry where fierce competition in recent months has seen taxi companies — cab operators and aggregators — aggressively woo customers with price cuts and drivers with incentives. This has led to a no-holds-barred battle where the biggest casualty has been stringent processes required in a consumer-facing business.
While top officials of Uber, one of the world's hottest startups that is estimated to be worth about $40 billion in its most recent round of funding, were unavailable for interviews, the company said in a series of blog posts that it will work with the police in the investigation of what it said was an "abhorrent crime". Uber also defended its driver vetting processes, saying it only partners with registered for-hire drivers who had undergone the commercial licensing process, hold governmentissued IDs, state-issued permits, and carry full commercial insurance.
"Uber also has a GPS trace and record of all trips that occur on the platform — information that has been shared with the authorities. We will continue to cooperate fully with law enforcement officials in their investigation to bring this crime to justice," it said, adding that as soon as it was notified of the incident, its team immediately provided the local authorities with all relevant information about the driver, his vehicle and the trip.
Uber, which has approximately 10,000 drivers registered on its platform in India, puts the onus of verification of drivers on the government licensing authority. But Delhi Police officials, who initially had no clue about the company or its operations and had to download the app, hail a cab and ask the driver to take them to Uber's offices in Gurgaon, were unimpressed by the company's explanation.
As were officials in the home ministry, who said they had no clue about the company, highlighting the regulatory grey zone under which Uber operated. Taxi service aggregators such as Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure do not directly employ drivers and only provide the technology to link them with customers through their applications.
"It is a concern how Uber was offering cab services in Delhi without even basic police verification of drivers. There is no scope for such negligence, especially after the Nirbhaya gangrape incident had brought the focus firmly on safe public transport for women in the Capital. A serious view is being taken," a senior home ministry official told ET. The home ministry brass has asked the Delhi Police to submit a comprehensive report of the incident as well as Uber's nature of operations in the Capital, a senior ministry official said.

Radio taxis flout norms  most drivers improperly verifiedRadio taxis flout norms, most drivers improperly verified
ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 05.00AM IST
Tags:
NCR
(Driver verification, which…)
NEW DELHI: Bansi Lal, 33, from Bilaspur in Himachal Pradesh says he is one of the few drivers from the region enrolled with Uber. Most of them hail from Rajasthan, Haryana and western Uttar Pradesh, he says. It took him just a few hours to get started as a driver of the taxi hailing service, he recalls. "I went to their Gurgaon office one morning in August, deposited my licence and the documents of the car. They trained me at a class for two hours and from the next day I was on the road."
Driver verification, which has emerged as a key focus of such services following the alleged rape of a woman by an Uber taxi driver, is not as rigorous at many cab companies. The exception seems to be Uber Black, the premium service offered by the company.
When it comes to Uber, the vehicles mostly belong to the drivers themselves or to vendors registered with licensed travel firms. The drivers use smartphones installed with Uber Partner app to pitch for fares, locate clients and sign off when the trip ends.
During the two-hour class that Lal refers to, an Uber executive teaches drivers, about 45 at a time, how to use the app. They are told to keep the phone on charge all the time with the map of the journey prominently displayed on the screen for the client.
"They used to give drivers iPhones earlier but now they give us LG or Samsung ones which are relatively cheaper. Many drivers who did not understand instructions left the session midway. Company people told us they have a file that will have complaints about us and that they will know if we cancel a cab, reach late or talk rudely to a customer," Lal says.
He was unaware of the alleged rape incident but he didn't seem too surprised given the intake of drivers. "The company needs more drivers. That is why they are taking everyone," he says. "There is no background check or verification. They just need documents of the vehicle you are using. It is not difficult especially for the vendor to register his many drivers."
The registered driver needn't be the person operating the car. Take the case of brothers Raj and Vikram Singh from Sadhrana in Haryana who have been drivers in the capital for more than 10 years now. The car that elder brother Raj owns is registered with Uber but both drive it, one during the day and one at night. "It is difficult to find out as the tracking is done only on phone," said Vikram. In their late 30s, the duo is grateful to Uber for making them 'maaliks'. The schedule can be punishing. "There is no concept of 'holiday' or 'medical allowance' or restriction of hours you put into service. You can earn as much hard work you are ready to put in," Raj says.
Uber isn't their only source of income. "We are also enrolled with a travel company. When we get longer trips, for example to Agra or Jaipur, we go ahead. We are not Uber drivers then," says Vikram.
There have been instances in which the Singh brothers have asked a friend to drive the cab, for instance when they recently had to go back to their village for a family function. The Singhs are not alone here. For a few months, Bhim, another Uber driver , worked for two cab firms at the same time with both apps on the phone. "Uber doesn't ferry in certain areas of NCR but when I get a request from old customers, I put them under the other cab service or ask a friend to call them after which we split the fare," he says.
People like Singh who own their own cabs earn around Rs 25,000 a month but it is difficult for drivers who come through agencies or vendors to make ends meet. The company has a three-step verification process for its drivers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Uber must shed its Silicon Valley swagger & get realDecember 8, 2014, 12:32 am IST Economic Times in ET Commentary | India , Times View | ET
44
By: Pankaj Mishra
In September last year, I boarded an Uber luxury car in Bengaluru for the first time, and got charmed by almost everything the product offered: right from the beautiful app that helped locate an Uber close by, to a very efficient GPS tracker, the overall cleanliness, and finally the driver.
My chauffeur, Santhosh, explained how Uber trained its drivers to be polite with women passengers and even taught them etiquettes such as walking a woman passenger to the door if it’s late night. Everything looked perfect. The product was all about safety and reliability: two of the most rare features when it comes to commuting, especially for women, in Indian cities.
For city commuters, Uber came as a great promise of affordable luxury and reliability. No more haggling with autorickshaw drivers, getting blackmailed into paying ‘extra money’ beyond what the fare meter clocked. While costlier than an autorickshaw ride, Uber offered Mercedes, BMWs and even Audis at rates that were just 50% more than what the autos costed. Uber also came with a swagger that’s so characteristic of the Silicon Valley start-ups entering newer markets.
But after Friday’s incident involving an Uber driver in Delhi who has been charged with rape by a passenger, the product not just looks flawed, but it also raises concerns about the ‘mad taxi rush’ going on in the country.
Living up to Uber
There is a land grab in the Indian taxi market triggered by Uber’s entry last year. And it’s becoming all about who has got more venture money, can subsidise almost free rides (or the cheapest fares) and offer freebies like nobody else. Many taxi start-ups in India looked up to Uber, got inspired and built their companies. But is Uber living up to its cult image?
The ‘dry response’ from Uber after the Delhi incident said things like suspending accounts of drivers after an incident gets reported. The response also included Uber’s safety mechanisms such as GPS tracking and sharing estimated time of arrival. Unfortunately, all these are not adequate to offer the product Uber stands for. It’s like walking into a shop to buy a merchandise and getting stabbed by a salesperson. Whether that salesperson is a full-time or a part-time employee hardly matters. So, Uber hiring contract drivers and cars from different agencies in India for its services does not lessen the burden of responsibility that lies with the company.
To be sure, the Uber incident underscores growing challenges for other taxi start-ups in India too. This could have been anybody else. There’s not much of background checks that happen while linking drivers to the taxi aggregators. But Uber always stood for something beyond, its promise of safety and reliability being two reasons.
I couldn’t locate Santhosh, the first Uber driver I hired. But two others who I spoke to admitted that Uber has been facing issues of attrition and battling to keep the long-term contracts with travel agencies. There are unanswered questions about how Uber and other taxi operators hire new drivers, the level and intensity of background checks involved. The focus must return to these processes now.
Not new to controversies
Uber is not new to controversies. While the Delhi incident came a day after Uber raised over $1 billion in funding and snagged an eye-popping valuation of $40 billion, a top company executive has been mired in allegations of threatening Sarah Lacy, an influential Silicon Valley blogger, recently.
Investors don’t seem to be giving a damn to any of these. At least their faith in companies with questionable practices and social image does not seem to dent the confidence. For Silicon Valley’s hottest companies including Facebook, Twitter and taxishare app Uber, making money from a growing base of Indian internet users is considered the Holy Grail. What they need to realise is that India and many other alien markets are different. People crave for quality, but they value safety a lot more given massive under-policed populations and other socioeconomic factors. For many in India, a safe commute matters much more than anything else. If that comes with a beautiful experience, many commuters will pay extra.
It’s also the time for investors who back Uber to answer if the brand promise has failed, and how much they really care about it. The lucrative, under-penetrated markets of India are among the reasons for companies such as Uber to enjoy such high valuation. Even Whatsapp and Quora investors have backed them with high hopes based on emerging market opportunities.
It’s time these companies and investors backing them start looking beyond only monetisation challenges in booming internet economies such as India. Operating here will be the biggest challenge they will ever face.
When companies such as Uber enter complex and geographically vast markets like India, they need to sober down on their Valley swagger and get real.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

India to see fastest USD nominal growth in 2015India to see fastest USD nominal growth in 2015, says Credit Suisse
Indulal PM        Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 15:46 IST
Photo: Reuters
"India's economy will see the fastest USD nominal growth in the world in 2015", said Credit Suisse, Swtzerland-based multinational financial services company.
The financial services major added- "Given the growth outlook, equity market is not expensive in both absolute and relative terms".
"Indian market is likely to see strongest earnings growth among Asian peers, and even globally", the bank said.
List of top buys in 2015 include Gujarat Pipavav Ports, Havells India, HCL Technologies, HDFC Bank , Kajaria Ceramics, Maruti Suzuki India and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries.
Stocks which will be least preferred in 2015 consist of Bharti Airtel , Bharat Heavy Electricals, State Bank of India and Tata Steel.
(Reuters)

Cisco partners IL&FS Tech to tap smart city bizCisco partners IL&FS Technologies to tap smart city business
PTI     Bengaluru   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 18:54 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
Networking giant Cisco has partnered Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services (IL&FS)Technologies to jointly develop digital solutions to tap into the multi-billion dollar opportunity in the smart city space in India.
The companies will jointly develop Internet of Everything (IoE)-based digital solutions to pursue opportunities in the infrastructure sector and smart cities in India.
"The partnership is a collaboration between Cisco's vision of IoE, which is the intelligent connection of people, processes, data, and things, and IL&FS' deep expertise in infrastructure development in India along with ITL's excellent technology services capabilities, Cisco India and SAARC President (Sales)", Dinesh Malkani told reporters in Bengaluru.
According to Cisco, the IoE total value at stake in India is $511 billion over the next 10 years. Of the total IoE at take, public sector value at stake is $116 billion, which includes creating smart cities and citizen services such as health and education.
The government plans to develop 100 smart cities by 2022. In the Budget, the Finance Ministry has allocated Rs 7,060 crore for developing these smart cities.
"Some of the solutions that will be jointly developed will focus on urban services and smart city infrastructure solutions like traffic and transportation, public safety and security, command and control services and e-governance", Malkani said.
"A broader set of next-generation urban services like parking, lighting, traffic and citizen engagement services built on top of Ciscos City Infrastructure Management will also be worked on", he added.
These solutions will help citizens access, in real time, infrastructure services such as traffic, parking, lighting, and water, as well as city operators to improve city infrastructure operations through sharing information in real time across agencies and systems.
In India, an average of 2.75 lakh devices get connected to a network every day. In September, Cisco had unveiled a smart city model to demonstrate how smart networks can play a crucial role in areas like education, healthcare, work and electronic delivery of citizen services.
It was set up to act as a blueprint for the future of smart and connected communities in India. IL&FS Technologies is a technology solutions arm of Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services (IL&FS).
"Our collaboration with Cisco will bring the power of the IoE to greenfield and brownfield cities, communities and rural communities in India. Together we can enable digital solutions for the most essential citizen services such as healthcare and education", ITL Chairman Prem Saigal said.

Mr Mistry s fine balanceNilanjana S Roy: Mr Mistry's fine balance
Nilanjana S Roy |  Dec 08, 2014 09:42 PM IST
"Mother said what she liked best was his remembering everything so well, how beautifully he wrote about it all, even the sad things, and though he changed some of it, and used his imagination, there was truth in it."
- "Swimming Lessons", Tales From Firozsha Baag
The group of women queuing for their lattes at the Times of India literary festival in Mehboob Studio held copies of Rohinton Mistry's novels aloft with the triumph of successful autograph hunters. None of the books were new; one woman, a nursery schoolteacher in her 20s, had brought her student copy of A Fine Balance, while her friend clutched a second-hand, now 10-year-old copy of Tales From Firozsha Baag that she'd bought from a pavement bookseller on Flora Fountain.
One girl had brought her student copy of Such A Long Journey from her days at University of Bombay. She had graduated in 2009, the year before Mr Mistry's novel was, memorably and disgracefully, burned by the student wing of the Shiv Sena, and dropped from the syllabus at the university. "It feels good to get his signature on this," she said. She did not complain directly about the burning or the banning of the book, but she said, "I liked reading it when I was a student. People should be able to read good novels, no?" She traced Mr Mistry's signature as she was talking, her fingers touching the ink lightly and with love.
When Mr Mistry had read from his works the previous day, she and her friends had been among the group of readers at the back who had been identifying characters and passages, annotating his readings with their whispered sharings as they compared their memories of his novels.
In comparison with many writers, Mr Mistry has a small oeuvre - three collections of short stories, of which Tales From Firozsha Baag is probably the best loved, and three novels, Such A Long Journey, A Fine Balance and Family Matters. But the collected works have a power that exceeds those of many longer bibliographies. His novels tend to stay in readers' memories in a way that many more experimental novels don't - Mr Mistry said in one of his interviews that he prefers honest books to clever books, which is a succinct description of his own writing.
Mr Mistry came to writing relatively late; he studied mathematics at the University of Bombay and had a job in customer service at a Toronto bank when he took a course in literature along with his wife, Freny. She graduated from the course and became a teacher; he began writing short stories, almost pitch-perfect right from the start, and soon left the dubious pleasures of customer services behind in favour of the writing life.
In one of my favourite stories, "Swimming Lessons", a man in Canada decides to finally learn how to swim, remembering the sea off Chowpatty ("it seemed that the dirtier it became, the more crowds it attracted"); his memories are punctuated by the exchanges between his father and mother at home in India, sharing the stories their writer son has sent them by parcel post. Their wonder - "our son is a writer and we didn't even know it, here we are thinking he is still clerking away" - is followed by a set of quiet exchanges between them: does the writer write about India because he is unhappy in his new country, or is he just, as the father argues, using his memory and his experiences to shape his fiction?
They share the stories back and forth, taking it in turns to read each one, and the argument over what fiction is for and what writing should be continues, parallel to the main narrative.
That set of exchanges on the need for stories and the art of storytelling came back to me when Mr Mistry read from his works on the second day of the festival. His voice is resonant and controlled, and he has a flair for timing, honed perhaps from his many years of performances as a folk singer. His friends say he is not so much a recluse as a very private man; even so, set him in front of an audience, and he becomes as eloquent a storyteller off the page as he is on it.
He had - finally, after several years of people trying and failing to persuade him to make a public appearance in India - given in to the persuasion of the organisers. In April, Bachi Karkaria reported that Aditya Thackeray, who had led the protest against Mr Mistry's novel in 2010, had been asked at a meeting in Dadar's Parsi Colony if Mr Mistry could revisit the city of his birth without fear; Mr Thackeray had said that the author would be free to come. Mr Mistry mentioned the Shiv Sena in passing: "My first thought [on hearing about the ban on Such A Long Journey] was, did it take them 19 years to come across it? I've heard of slow cooking, but slow reading? I heard that the sales of the book went up after that." The audience roared in appreciative laughter.
He stayed in form when he accepted his Lifetime Achievement Award on Sunday. "A lifetime achievement award is a funny sort of thing, like a death or a funeral," said Mr Mistry. "When an author gets one, it reminds me of his or her books. It is also the beginning of the end." And then he took over the mike, singing Don't Fence Me In and old Bing Crosby numbers, reminiscing about his Bombay childhood and his memories of listening to The Beatles and old Broadway musicals.
Mr Mistry has won many prizes over the years - the Giller Prize, the Neustadt and the Commonwealth among them - but some celebrations are particularly special, and some victories are quiet, not noisy, triumphs. It had been just four years since the city had been told that Mr Mistry was off limits, but now Mumbai gladly rose to celebrate one of its favourite authors and outside Mehboob Studio readers bought his books without fear or fuss.
nilanjanasroy@gmail.com

Infosys founders sell stake worth Rs 6 484 crInfosys founders sell stake worth Rs 6,484 cr
BS Reporters | Bengaluru Dec 09, 2014 12:57 AM IST
Infosys co-founders N R Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, Dinesh K and S D Shibulal’s wife , Kumari Shibulal, along with their families, sold 32.6 million shares in the country’s second-largest information technology services company on Monday, for an overall amount of Rs 6,484 crore.
The share sale led to a sharp plunge in the IT heavyweight’s share price, eroding about Rs 12,400 crore (at 62/$) from the company’s market capitalisation. The Infosys stock hit a month’s low during intra-day trade on Monday, before ending five per cent lower at Rs 1,972 on the National Stock Exchange.
Even as the share sale triggered speculation over the reasons behind the founders’ decision, Murthy and Nilekani, in separate statements, said the move was aimed at raising funds to invest in their philanthropic efforts. They added they had “tremendous confidence in the future of Infosys and its leaders”.
An Infosys spokesperson refused to comment, saying it was a “family decision of the promoters”.
The sale was executed by Deutsche Equities India and was carried out at an average price of Rs 1,988.87 a share. It saw participation from domestic and foreign institutional investors, Deutsche Bank said in a release.
“Our family has sold a minor part of our stake to continue various activities, including our efforts to encourage entrepreneurship and our personal philanthropic efforts,” Murthy said in a statement. “These are activities I expect to be busy with during the next phase of my life. Even after this sale, our family continues to be the largest shareholder among retail shareholders.”
ALSO READ:  Mr Sikka's game plan
The move comes months after Murthy retired from the company, after 33 years at the helm, and left its reins at the hands of Chief Executive Officer Vishal Sikka.
On the stake sale, Sikka said, “The founders continue to be among the largest retail shareholders in the company. They have reiterated their commitment to the future of the company and reinforced their belief in and support of its leadership. As I have always said, the founders have left an indelible legacy and culture in this iconic company and I respect and trust their decision of contributing towards philanthropic activities and entrepreneurship and other initiatives. In fact, contributing to the greater good is something close to the company’s heart. I am looking forward to further strengthening and reinforcing this area. So, in that sense, this action by them is aligned with the company’s values.”
Deutsche Equities said the sale had been carried out to partially monetise founders’ stake for personal reasons. Analysts feel the promoters have monetised their stake at the right time. Shares of the Bengaluru-based company have risen 21 per cent since so far this year and 8.9 per cent in the past two months.
ALSO READ:  Infosys founder stake sale: Should you worry?
Despite Monday’s stake sale, the company’s founders and their families continue to hold substantial stake in Infosys. Murthy, along with his family members, sold 12 million shares in Infosys, 23.3 per cent of the family’s total holding; Nilekani and his family also sold 12 million shares, 31.3 per cent of their holding. While Dinesh and his family sold 6.2 million shares (21.5 per cent of their total holding), Shibulal’s wife, Kumari Shibulal, sold 2.4 million (9.6 per cent of her stake).
Brushing aside speculation that the share sale was carried out in a hurry, Sanjay Sharma, managing director (equity capital markets), Deutsche Equities, said it was executed over the weekend and done in a planned manner, as trading in Infosys shares in local and ADR (American depositary receipts) markets gave a very short marketing window for a block sale.
Several market sources, however, said on Monday, about a dozen institutional investors woke up to calls from Deutsche Equities India, which was offering 32.6 million Infosys shares at a four per cent discount to Friday's closing price of Rs 2,069.70 a share.
“Even with a short deal launch period of less than five hours, we could reach out to investors in most geographies,” Sharma told Business Standard. “The issue was at a discount from the previous close; it needs to be looked at in the context of the large size of the deal. Also, it was done at levels pretty close to the all-time high of Rs 2,183 a share.”

Wipro  Infosys outpacing each other to meet demands in unfavourable environmentYou are here: Home > Collections
Wipro, Infosys outpacing each other to meet demands in unfavourable global environment
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 06.13AM IST
(Infosys even conceded…)
BENGALURU: Battling to regain lost glory, Wipro and Infosys are stepping up their age-old rivalry, this time to out-innovate each other as the two Bengaluru-based software exporters invest in disruptive technologies pegged to artificial intelligence and design thinking to bring greater efficiencies for themselves and their customers.
Infosys Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, at an analyst event in Pune on Thursday, said some of his company's rivals were imitating it and went as far as labeling their moves proverbially as "imitation is the best form of flattery". While he did not name any rival, for veteran watchers of Bengaluru's software scene, the company he was referring to was clear: cross-town rival Wipro, which, on its part, claims to be investing "heavily" since 2012 in building data analytics and other next-generation platforms to help customers in the retail and healthcare space to improve their businesses.
In the past few years, both Infosys and Wipro have lost quite a bit of their sheen as they struggled to adjust with changing customer demand in an uncertain global business environment, leaving Mumbai-based bigger rival Tata Consultancy Services record phenomenal numbers since 2011. The original posterboys of India's IT sector are trying cover the ground lost - by investing in technologies that can shake up the industry by disrupting the existing order and processes that are customer-focused - and their initiatives pit them against each other more than ever in the past.
The unfazed response of Wipro to Sikka's comments was a testimony to the increased rivalry between the two. "I can say that we have a competitive edge," said Satishchandra Doreswamy, chief business operations officer at Wipro. "We have been investing heavily in building the next-generation platforms for over two years with a focus on AAA (automation, artificial intelligence and analytics).
Platforms such as ServiceNXT, CloudCLM have started delivering value for some of key clients," said Doreswamy, who was hired by Chairman Azim Premji three years ago to help transform Wipro by bringing in some of these advanced technologies. Although Doreswamy declined to quantify the impact of these disruptive technologies in Wipro's growth, he said the range of productivity improvement differed from client to client. The former TCS veteran also said Wipro had over the last 24 months seen a "20-30% efficiency improvement" in the application development, maintenance and infrastructure management space.
Sikka, ever since he took the role of the first non-founder CEO at Infosys on August 1, has outlined a strategy of "building a new Infosys" by making fresh investments in bringing machineto-machine and automation platforms to the company's traditional approach of delivering outsourcing services to customers. Sikka, who earlier this week completed four months at the company, said in Thursday's analyst meet that he would share more details of what it was doing in this area in April next year.
For now, Infosys is training its software engineers on design thinking - a creative and systematic approach to problem-solving by placing the user at the centre of the experience - and is also in the process of launching an online training module on artificial intelligence for its employees. Doreswamy said Wipro has already brought in the customercentric approach and its overall net promoter score - a tool to gauge customer loyalty - has improved 30 percentage points.
 
Some experts, including Tom Reuner of London-based IT research firm Ovum said some of the next-generation service-delivery methods are still in nascent state and IT outsourcers are coy to talk in public as the full impact is still not fully understood. "(Nonetheless) Indian providers are at the forefront of this development as part of their push on nonlinear models," said Reuner.
"Providers like TCS or Wipro have invested significantly in proprietary tools. The key to a broader adoption of robotic process is to build out robust cognitive engines (RPA) and artificial intelligence. These will be the conduit to moving RPA to the core of service delivery backbones." Doreswamy said the immediate target for the company remains to adopt these disruptive technologies for at least 50% of customers. He declined to share further details.
Both companies are also looking to engage with startups to get access to new technologies. Wipro, after making minority investments last year in data analytics firm Opera Solutions and machine-to-machine learning-focused Axeda - although it exited Axeda this year - is setting up a corporate venture arm to be spearheaded by Rishad Premji that will initially invest up to $100 million (Rs 619 crore) in startups. Infosys too has set aside $100 million and is actively scouting the San Francisco Bay Area to find potential startups which could help the company with the missing innovation strand.

Resurgent China to spoil India party | Coal India to get re-ratedResurgent Chinese market may draw more FII money due to cheaper valuations, say experts
Ashutosh R Shyam & Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 06.15AM IST
Tags:
benchmark
(Shanghai Composite, the…)
MUMBAI: India's stock market, a hot favourite among foreign institutional investors (FIIs), is slowly ceding ground to China. Thanks to the outperformance of Chinese stocks in last one month and their cheaper valuations, overseas portfolio investors have increased weightage on China in emerging market allocations. This will result in lower fund flows to Indian equities, said analysts.
Christopher Wood , CLSA's Asia pacific strategist, who has increased China's weightage in his model portfolio — his third increase in three weeks — said, "The global money will find Indian markets only if markets see significant correction from the current levels. I may also increase our fund allocations to India if stocks come down significantly."
Shanghai Composite, the main benchmark for Chinese equity market, has jumped about 25% in the past month. The Sensex has gained only 1% in the period. After the recent rally, Chinese stocks surpassed Japan as the world's second-largest stock market by market capitalisation. Analysts said the preference for Chinese stocks has been partly because India is considered richly valued. Shanghai Composite is trading at 12 times one-year estimated earnings, while the Sensex is at almost 18 times.
Domestic stock indices have not corrected more than 5% since the start of the rally in mid-February amid the election euphoria. With the economic and corporate earnings recovery still some time away, investors feel there is limited room for upside for now. "The performance of equity benchmarks in the two countries in the last few weeks shows FIIs' change in preference," said UR Bhat, managing director, Dalton Capital .
"The difference between India and China is that Chinese authorities act or respond quickly to economic problems whereas India is slow with its response." So far in December, the average daily FII inflow into Indian equities has been Rs 390 crore against Rs 800 crore in the previous month. In dollar terms, Shanghai Composite index has risen 47% so far this year against the 35% gain of the Sensex.
China retained the tag of "mostloved" market in Asia in November, pushing India down to second in the region, said an HSBC report. "China's stellar returns in the past few weeks could pose big threat to Indian stock market in the near term as FIIs may turn their focus to Chinese stocks, which are cheaper compared to Indian stocks," said Mehul Salva , founder, Ripplewave Equity.
There are two reasons for outperformance of Chinese equities in the past month. One, regulators introduced a scheme allowing foreigners to buy China's mainland 'A' shares through the Hong Kong exchanges and vice-versa. Secondly, the Chinese Central Bank unexpectedly cut interest rates for the first time in two years.
"While concerns about weak Chinese economic data may linger, the index should end 2014 on a high on concrete evidence of easing, contained credit risks, and the fourth plenum of the 18th Party Congress helping to clarify mediumterm macro expectation on China," said a note by Nomura.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1zH73xR 
Famed bond investor Bill Gross is once again a billion-dollar man.
In the few short months since he left bond giant Pimco in a cloud of controversy, Gross, 70, has accumulated more than $1 billion to manage at his new home, mutual fund giant Janus Capital.
Pimco, meanwhile, has been suffering billions in outflows following Gross’ abrupt departure, which has been attributed in new reports to his conflicts with other staffers.
The Janus Global Unconstrained Bond fund, which Gross oversees, added $770 million in assets in November, according to data released on Monday by fund tracking firm Morningstar. Gross now manages $1.2 billion — up from the meager $13 million the fund managed at the end of August, before he joined the Denver investment firm.
“We are doing exciting things here at Janus Capital and are pleased it is beginning to be recognized by clients and advisers,” Janus said in an e-mailed statement.
Janus’ growth, however, “is much deeper than Bill alone,” the firm added.
Gross, who was reportedly on the verge of being fired from Pimco when he jumped ship in September, also received a boost of confidence last month from famed investor George Soros. A private investment vehicle managed by Soros Fund Management, called Quantum Partners, contributed half a billion to be managed by Gross last month, Janus said.
But Soros’ $500 million is not included in the  Global Unconstrained Bond Fund’s $1.2 billion under management because it was invested in a separately managed account, Janus said in the e-mail.
Over the same time period, investors withdrew a whopping $9.5 billion from the Pimco fund Gross used to manage, called the Pimco Total Return Fund. The fund lost $27.5 billion in October and is now down to $162.8 billion in assets, down more than 40% from its 2013 peak.
Since its founding in the 1970s, Gross helped grow Pimco into a $2 trillion investment behemoth known for superior investment returns. But he abruptly quit in late September amid trailing returns and concerns about his management style, according to new reports following his departure. Pimco co-CEO Mohamed El-Erian left the firm in January amid growing clashes with Gross, according to the Wall Street Journal.

Uber: Nirbhaya fund to track vehicles | 2000 drivers at crossroads | CoverageYou are here: Home > Collections
Uber, Ola, TaxiForSure banned in Delhi until they get licence; Other states may follow suit
Harsimran Julka & Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 10.14AM IST
Tags:
Delhi Government
(Uber services operated…)
NEW DELHI: Online taxi-hailing service Uber has been banned from operating its services in Delhi and looks set to face speedbumps in other Indian cities, dealing a crippling blow to its ambitions in the country after its reputation for passenger safety was left shattered by revelations that the driver accused of raping a passenger was a serial offender.
Late on Monday, the Delhi Transport Department issued a public notice saying only Mega Cabs, Meru Cabs, Easy Cabs, Chanson, Yo Cabs and Air Cabs were licensed to operate radio taxis and all other taxi services are illegal till licensed. This would mean other Ubertype app-based taxi services such as OlaCabs and TaxiForSure also stand banned from operating in the national capital region.
Authorities in Delhi on Monday banned Uber's services in the city with immediate effect and also blacklisted the San Franciscobased company's services after it emerged the driver accused in the rape case, 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav , had been jailed for rape in 2011, something that Uber's driver checks missed.
However, despite the ban, Uber services operated as normal on Delhi streets on Monday evening, with drivers taking bookings on the company's mobile app. To add to Uber's misery, home ministry officials said the Centre would soon write to other states to ban the company's services in the 10 cities it presently operates in if it is found violating the Motor Vehicle Rules of 1988, as they said it was in Delhi.
Driver was Jailed in 2011 for Similar Offence
The Delhi ban came on a day Uber was banned from offering its services in the Netherlands or risk paying a fine of 10,000 euros (Rs 7.59 lakh) per violation. A senior Uber official told ET that the company hadn't received any communication about a ban and would contest it in court. Uber's Asia chief Eric Alexander said the company was willing to compensate the woman, set up a call centre to allay safety concerns and even willing to be governed by a regulatory and licensing regime.
"India is a very important market for us," he said, adding that the company would hire third-party agencies to help it with the police verification of its drivers. As the most highly valued US technology startup whose valuation famously more than doubled in just six months to $40 billion battled its worst crisis in India and a global PR disaster, authorities too were left red-faced as it emerged that it was not the company alone that failed to catch Yadav's spotty record.
The Delhi Transport Department, in its notice banning Uber, conceded that it had issued an All-India Tourist Permit to Yadav's taxi on May 28 after "due verification of character and antecedents of the permit holder". In further embarrassment, Uber officials during police questioning produced a so-called 'character certificate' about Yadav that was purportedly issued by the police and which the driver had submitted to the company before enrolling on its network.
However, Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi said the certificate was fake and forgery charges had been added against the accused. Yadav, who was produced in court on Monday which remanded him to three days custody, had spent seven months in jail in 2011 for a similar offence of raping a woman passenger. He was later acquitted of the charge.
The latest episode, in which a 26-year-old MNC executive was allegedly raped on her way back home by the driver, has once again served to highlight the issue of women's safety in India and threatens to snowball into a major issue in Delhi ahead of the assembly elections. There were protests outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh's residence on Monday morning and the case found its way into parliamentary discussions.
The home ministry has now asked the Delhi government to explain how the permit was issued to Yadav. Singh is expected to make a detailed statement in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday. Meanwhile, Uber, whose business practices have in the past earned it the ire of many, said it would "work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs".
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery," CEO Travis Kalanick said in a statement as three of his officials in India were grilled by police.
The police, sharply criticised after the 2012 Nirbhaya rape episode and under pressure after this latest incident, is considering pressing criminal negligence charges against the company. India is a key market for the five-year-old company and has been the theatre for one of its biggest expansion of services. The company has been adding cities and has some 10,000 drivers on its network, offering services ranging from the premium Uber Black offering to the cut-price Uber Go.

Net 4 India: Outcome of board meetingNet 4 India: Outcome of board meeting
Indias NSE futures fall tracking weak AsianstocksFalling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets
Extending their fall, the benchmark BSE Sensex slipped below the 28,000 level and the NSE Nifty dropped below the 28,000 mark at midsession as funds and retail investors indulged in selling activity amid weak global cues after crude oil dipped to fresh five-year lows.
After opening in negative terrain on continued selling activity by participants, the Sensex dipped below the psychological 28,000-mark to touch a low of 27,869.92. It, however, recovered marginally to 27,911.35, down by 208.05 points, or 0.74 per cent at 1330 hours.
Major losers that pulled down the Sensex and Nifty from crucial levels were Sesa Sterlite, Tata Power, NTPC, Hindalco, Bhyarti Airtel, ONGC, Tata Steel, BHEL, SBI, Axis Bank, L&T, Tata Motors, Maruti Suzuki, Coal India, RIL and Cipla.
The 30-share index had lost 443.42 points in the previous two sessions.
Similarly, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty slipped below the crucial 8,400-level by losing 64.00 points, or 0.76 per cent, to 8,374.25. It shuttled between 8,444.50 and 8,362.30.
Sentiments dampened after current account deficit widened to USD 10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, in July-September quarter of this fiscal, up from 1.2 per cent a year ago.
Brokers said sustained selling by participants in bluechip stocks that recently logged gains and a weak trend in global markets after oil prices skidded to fresh five-year lows led to the fall in markets.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 4,984.60 crore yesterday, according to provisional data from the stock exchange.
Bucking the trend, shares of Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy, HDFC Bank, M&M, TCS and Hero MotoCorp were trading in positive zone and cushioned the fall.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was down 2.51 per cent, while Japan’s Nikkei shed 0.68 per cent. European markets were down in their opening trade.
TAGS: BSE Sensex
More from markets
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

Facebook offers IIT-Bombay girl Rs 2 crore p...Share More
READ MORE ON » Facebook
Her family has been celebrating ever since she broke the news. "Since I did training with Facebook in May-June in California, they were aware of my work and selected me during pre-placement," said Aastha.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
JAIPUR: IIT-Bombay student Aastha Agarwal's Facebook job offer with Rs two crore package is perhaps the highest offered to an undergrad. The 20-year-old Jaipur girl is a third-year computer science student.
Her family has been celebrating ever since she broke the news. "Since I did training with Facebook in May-June in California, they were aware of my work and selected me during pre-placement," said Aastha.
"I was supposed to develop software. They were satisfied with my work and offered me the job right away. Later, when I consented, they sent me the confirmation letter.''
She said she was eagerly waiting to complete her fourth year to join Facebook by October next year.
Aastha was earlier selected to represent India at the Junior Science International Olympiad in 2009.
Her mother, Shobha Agarwal, said her only aim was to provide better education to her daughters.
Five IIT-Bombay students had got a package of Rs 1.42 crore during campus placements earlier.
READ MORE ON » Facebook

Portland sues to stop Uber online car serviceYou are here: Home > Collections
Portland sues to stop Uber online car service in Oregon city
Reuters Dec 9, 2014, 09.24AM IST
Tags:
Oregon city
(The online ride service…)
SEATTLE: Portland sued Uber on Monday to stop the fast-growing ride-hailing service from operating in the Oregon city until it follows local regulations.
Uber operates in areas around Portland, but only started up in the city itself on Friday, without consent from authorities or any agreement over how it should be regulated.
"The city's lawsuit is asking for a declaration by the court that Uber is subject to the city's regulations," the city said in a statement. "The lawsuit also asks the court to order Uber to stop operating in Portland until it is in compliance with the city's safety, health and consumer protection rules."
Local media reported that the service has been available in Portland for the past few days.
"Uber has received a tremendously warm welcome from riders and drivers in and around Portland. We appreciate the way residents have welcomed Uber into the Rose City, their support illustrates why it's time to modernize Portland transportation regulation," said Uber spokeswoman Eva Behrend.
The online ride service was valued at $40 billion last week after its latest funding round ahead of an expected initial public offering.
However, it has been dogged by controversy surrounding its aggressive approach to local governments and traditional taxi services.
It has been banned from taking bookings in the Netherlands because authorities say it lacks a special license.
On Monday Uber was banned from operating in the Indian capital New Delhi after a female passenger accused one of its drivers of rape.
The case is City of Portland v Uber Technologies Inc, filed in the Circuit Court of the State of Oregon for the County of Multnomah.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex slips in red; capital goods  metals  power downSensex slips in red; capital goods, metals, power down
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 9, 2014, 09.35AM IST
Tags:
Hindustan Unilever Ltd.
(Sensex slipped in red after…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped in red after a positive start in absence of positive cues from global peers. The market is expected to consolidate as the session progresses with negative bias.
Meanwhile, India's Current Account Deficit(CAD) for the second quarter of the current financial year widened to $10.1 billion versus $5.2 billion YoY. The CAD now stands at 2.1 per cent of GDP versus 1.2 per cent YoY. The widening trade deficit surged on account of rise in gold imports and slowdown in exports.
At 09:19 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 28,078.86, down 40.54 points or 0.14 per cent. It touched a high of 28,157.53 and a low of 28,056.87 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8,421.70, down 16.55 points or 0.20 per cent. It touched a high of 8,444.50 and a low of 8,418.45 in early trade.
On the daily chart, we are now observing '20 Day EMA' around 8440, which can be considered as yet another crucial support for the index. Going forward, if the Nifty manages to sustain below yesterday's low of 8432 then the index may extend this correction towards 8350 level," said Angel Broking note.
"It will be then supported by a negative placement of the daily 'RSISmoothened' momentum oscillator. On the flipside, 8490 - 8520 levels are now seen as intraday resistances for the index," the report added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.02 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.06 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE IT Index was up 0.44 per cent and the S&P Healthcare Index was 0.49 per cent higher.
The S&P BSE Capital goods Index declined 0.62 per cent, the S&P BSE Metal Index was 0.70 per cent lower and the S&P BSE Power Index declined 0.50 per cent.
BHEL (0.88 per cent), NTPC (0.86 per cent), ONGC (0.83 per cent), HUL (0.74 per cent) and ITC (0.65 per cent) were among the major Sensex losers.
Sun Pharma (up 2.23 per cent), M&M (up 1.35 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 1.12 per cent), TCS (up 1.01 per cent) and Tata Motors (up 0.57 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical and Ranbaxy Laboratories gained momentum after the Competition Commission of India approved merger of Sun Pharma with Ranbaxy on the condition that the companies divest seven select brands in the Indian drug market.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 772 gainers against 557 losers.
The Asian markets are witnessing profit booking session. Nikkei 225 was down 0.43 per cent, Seoul Composite was 0.34 per cent lower, Taiwan Weighted declined 0.48 per cent and Hang Seng was down 0.95 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy Laboratories rallies over 3% post CCI nod on dealSun Pharma, Ranbaxy Laboratories rallies over 3% post CCI nod on deal
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 9, 2014, 11.01AM IST
Tags:
Bombay stock exchange
(Sun Pharmaceutical Industries,…)
NEW DELHI: Sun Pharmaceutical Industries , Ranbaxy Laboratories rose over 3 per cent each in intraday trade on Tuesday, after the Competition Commission of India approved the acquisition of generic drugmaker Ranbaxy by bigger rival Sun Pharma on the condition that the companies divest seven select brands in the Indian drug market.
Reacting to the news, Sun Pharma rose as much as 3.04 per cent, while Ranbaxy Laboratories rallied as much as 3.96 per cent on the Bombay Stock Exchange .
The CCI nod also clears the way for the largest deal in pharmaceutical sector, creating the No. 1 drug company in India with a market share of 9 per cent and the fifth largest generic drug firm globally. Sun agreed to acquire Ranbaxy in April in a $4 billion all-stock deal.
According to a rough calculation by ET, the seven brands indicated in the competition watchdog's order for divestment would be roughly earning about Rs 50 crore for their parent companies annually, implying a negligible impact on the merged company.
Raw data for this was gleaned from last year figures of Aiocd Awacs, a pharma marketing research firm. The brands CCI has identified include Tamlet, Rosuvas EZ, Eligard, Terlibax, Olanex F, Raciper L and Trioolvance, added the report. A company statement noted that these products constitute less than 1% of the combined entity's revenues in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kerala HC directs DLF to demolish some portions of complexKerala HC directs DLF to demolish some portions of complex
Kerala HC directs DLF to demolish some portions of complex
Report stated that the court directed DLF to stop all further construction as per the permit granted by Kochi corporation.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/kerala-hc-directs-dlf-to-demolish-some-portions-of-complex-114120900009_1.html
December 09, 2014 08:41 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 09:52 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Uber  Ola  TaxiForSure banned from operating in DelhiDelhi bans Uber, all web-based taxi services; Ola, TaxiForSure to be hit
Surabhi Agarwal & Archis Mohan | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 09:45 AM IST
Taxi-hailing service Uber's ride here came to a grinding halt on Monday, with transport authorities banning the US-based firm from operating in the national capital with immediate effect. The directive follows a taxi driver associated with Uber allegedly raping a 27-year-old woman on Friday night.
And the impact of the crime will not be felt just by Uber but by other app based taxi service companies as well. In a late night release on Monday, the Delhi Transport Authority said that only six taxi companies – Easy Cab, Mega Cab, Meru Cab, Chanson Cab, Yo Cab and Air Cab are allowed to operate as they are licensed with the Transport Department for ‘Radio Taxis’ in the National Capital Region. All other taxi service providers which include the likes of Ola Cabs and TaxiforSure among others are prohibited from operating in Delhi till they get license/permission from the Transport Department.
However, despite the ban, taxis enrolled with the Uber network were available for booking here late on Monday. A few taxi drivers Business Standard spoke to said they hadn't received any directive from the company to stop operations.
While the incident is bound to have an impact on Uber's operations in India, its second-largest market outside the US, other states Uber operates in such as Maharashtra have ruled out a ban. But home-grown taxi booking companies, which have mushroomed of late and have a business model similar to Uber's, might have stricter security norms imposed on them.
ALSO READ:  New Bill to bring aggregators like Uber under law
The Centre is understood to be of the view that banning Uber won't help resolve the issue of the company flouting norms such as police verification of its drivers. In the absence of police verification, which takes months at times, the government is likely to propose Aadhaar as the basis for verification of drivers. "Penalise the person for the act, not the entire company," said a government official, adding the employment-generating potential of companies such as Uber had to be kept in mind.
The Delhi government's directive has put those associated with the company in a quandary. In October, Lokhendra Singh, 27, quit his job as an executive at a back-end processing unit of a credit card company to start driving a taxi registered on the Uber network. Singh has all the requisite permits from local authorities. On Uber being banned from carrying out operations here, he said: "Main sadak pe aa jaunga (I will lose my livelihood)." Enrolling with Uber's rivals wouldn't help, as all such companies followed the same operating model, he added.
ALSO READ:  Uber complying with RBI norms, says deputy governor Khan
Working for Uber, Singh earned Rs 15,000-20,000 a month.
The police alleged Uber didn't carry out adequate background checks on the accused, previously acquitted of raping a victim inside his taxi in Delhi, after seven months in judicial custody in 2011.
The driver has been remanded in police custody for three days, for interrogation.
ALSO READ:  Why taxi operators sometimes don't follow rules
"Uber's services were in contravention of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, and the rules framed under it," the government said in a statement. It added for a journey within Delhi, the company provided a taxi with an all-India tourist permit, through its web application, which wasn't allowed by law.
Amid the uproar across the country against Friday's incident, which included demonstrations by Aam Aadmi Party members in front of the residence of Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick said in a statement, "We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery." He added currently, "clear background checks" were "absent" in India's commercial transportation licensing programmes. The comment was, however, seen as putting the blame for the crime on the authorities.
The incident is the latest in a set of troubles that Uber, recently valued at $40 billion, has seen globally. While Thailand is set to ask the company to cease operations in that country because it uses private cars, which lack fare meters, among other issues, in Vietnam, a government official said Uber's operations were illegal, as the company wasn't authorised to operate as a taxi service, the Wall Street Journal reported.
ALSO READ:  Uber and Delhi
However, Vietnam might consider ways to potentially legalise Uber's operations. In India, too, the case might be similar. On condition of anonymity, government officials said the matter was being discussed, adding Uber's unique operating model needed to be studied and novel solutions proposed. "In the West, Uber affords people part-time employment opportunities," said a central government official, indicating the government didn't want to end such avenues of employment. "Banning is not the way to resolve the issue."
Sources said Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu was likely to hold a meeting with Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung on the circumstances that led the Delhi government to ban Uber's services. The ministry is likely to issue an advisory to such transport operators. It is likely to suggest Aadhaar numbers be used for the verification of drivers.
(Sanjay Jog from Mumbai contributed to this story)
THE UBER DEBACLE
What has happened?
The Delhi transport department has banned and blacklisted Uber from providing any transport service in the national capital, with immediate effect
Why?
On Friday night, a taxi driver associated with Uber allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman passenger working for a finance company
Chequered past
The accused, Shiv Kumar Yadav, had earlier been acquitted of raping a woman in his taxi in Delhi, after spending seven months in judicial custody in 2011
What now?
A Delhi court has sent the driver to three days of police custody for interrogation
What is the police saying?
Uber did not conduct adequate background checks on the driver and the permits provided by it were in contravention of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, and the rules framed under it
What is Uber saying?
Currently, clear background checks are absent in its commercial transportation licensing programmes in India. It will work with the government to establish these and invest in technology to help make the capital a safer place for women
Industry implications
The incident is bound to impact Uber's operations in India, its second-largest market outside the US. Home-grown taxi booking companies with a similar business model might come under scrutiny, too
(This article first appeared in the print edition of Business Standard and has been updated to reflect late-night developments on Monday banning other app-based taxi services)

Markets turn flat after lower opening; Sun Pharma gains 2%Sensex hovers around 28,100; broader markets outperform
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Benchmark indices are trading in a tight range with Sensex and Nifty oscillating between negative and positive zone.
By 10:35, the 30-share BSE Sensex was lower by 18 points at 28,102, while the broad-based NSE Nifty has slipped by 9 points at 8,430.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are up 0.4% each.
The market breadth in BSE remains positive with 1,217 shares advancing and 888 shares declining.
The top losers on the Sensex are Tata Power, Hindalco, ITC, ONGC and NTPC.
On the gaining side, Dr Reddy’s Labs, TCS, Sun Pharma, Wipro and ICICI Bank have gained between 1-2%.
**************************************
Updated at 9:45
Markets have turned flat after making a lower opening tracking weak global cues.
Indices posted their largest single-day loss in nearly two months yesterday led by a decline in technology shares after four promoters of Infosys pared their holdings in the company.
By 9:43, the 30-share BSE Sensex was higher by 9 points at 28,128, while the broad-based NSE Nifty has slipped by 2 points at 8,437.
Meanwhile, markets have also reacted to the CAD data. A sharp rise in gold imports and a fall in export growth pushed India's current account deficit (CAD) to $10.1 billion (2.1 per cent of gross domestic product) in the financial year's second quarter, ending September, compared to $5.2 bn (1.2 per cent of GDP) for July-September 2013.
However, foreign institutional investors were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 4,984.60 crore on Monday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
On the global front, Asian share markets were mostly in the red on Tuesday while the US dollar began to edge higher once again aided by a media report the Federal Reserve might take a rhetorical step toward tightening at its meeting next week.
Oil prices also extended their long crash with US crude hitting its lowest in five years amid a glut of supply and pressuring energy stocks globally.
Japan's Nikkei eased 0.47%, but that follows a run of strong gains which took it to its highest since July 2007. Chinese shares have also been on a tear with the CSI300 index of the largest listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen at levels last visited in 2011.
Back home, BSE Capital Goods, Consumer Durables, Metal and Power indices have declined by nearly 1% each. However, defensive sectors like Healthcare and IT are trading in positive zone, up by nearly 1% each.
The Supreme Court on Monday dismissed nearly 20 applications of power and steel companies seeking exemption from its judgment which cancelled 204 coal mining licences issued since 1993.
Jindal Steel & Power, Essar, Monnet Ispat and other noted companies involved in power, steel and cement business requested the Supreme Court to review the decision of cancelling the coal block allocations made to them.
The main losers on the Sensex are Hindalco, L&T, BHEL, NTPC, Coal India and Axis Bank.
On the gaining side, Sun Pharma, TCS, DR Reddy’s Labs, M&M, Tata Motors and Infosys have gained between 0. 5-2%.
Sun Pharma has gained around 2% as its bid to acquire Ranbaxy has received approval from CCI, though with certain riders. Ranbaxy has gained over 3%.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are up 0.2%.
The market breadth in BSE remains marginally positive with 772 shares advancing and 557 shares declining.

LIVE: Third phase polling begins in J&K  Jharkhand amid highsecurityBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 10:08 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:20 pm
Braving the freezing cold and defying a call by separatist groups to boycott assembly polls, 58 percent of voters in Jammu and Kashmir Tuesday turned up to cast their ballot in the third round of the staggered elections while Jharkhand recorded an estimated 60.89 per cent polling in 17 assembly constituencies.
Out of 8,441 Kashmiri Pandit voters, 55 percent exercised their franchise, J&K Chief Electoral Officer Umang Narula said at a media conference.
The highest turnout of 82.74 percent was recorded in Chrar-i-Sharief, while the lowest of 30 percent was seen in Sopore.
Uri recorded 79 percent, Rafiabad 53, Sangrama 56.15, Baramulla 45, Gulmarg 72, Pattan 60, Chadoora 65, Badgam 70, Beerwah 74, Khansahib 73, Tral 37.68, Pampore 46.48, Pulwama 38.31, and Rajpora 47.07.
Balloting took place after a string of terror attacks Dec 5 left 21 people, including eight soldiers, dead in Kashmir.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah, Chowdhary Taj Mohiuddin, Ghulam Hassan Mir, Abdul Rahim Rather and Javaid Ahmad Dar were among the prominent candidates.
Undeterred by separatist threats and boycott calls, people stood in long queues in Badgam constituency.
Moderate to brisk voting was seen in Uri, Pattan, Sangrama and Gulmarg, while Sopore witnessed a low turnout.
In Beerwah, from where Chief Minister Omar Abdullah is contesting, voters stood in long queues at booths.
In Jharkhand on the other hand, Official sources said polling was by and large incident-free amidst elaborate security arrangements. While Silli assembly constituency recorded the highest 74.77 per cent of polling, Ranchi registered the lowest at 44.44 per cent.
EC sources said Koderma assembly segment recorded 64.80 per cent followed by Barkatha 65.10 per cent, Barhi 65.27 per cent, Barkagaon 60.25 per cent, Mandu 60.07 per cent, Hazaribagh 58.50 per cent, Simaria 60.79 per cent, Dhanwar 63.51 per cent, Gomia 66.12 per cent, Bermo 60.23 per cent, Ichagarh 71 per cent, Ramgarh 63 per cent.
Ranchi, Hatia and Kanke, where polling ended at 5.00 PM, recorded 55.45 per cent and 56.27 per cent voting respectivelly.
Earlier, polling for 33 of the 81 seats had been concluded on November 25 and December 2 with 61.92 per cent and 64.68 per cent voter turnout.
Jharkhand Governor Syed Ahmed and Chief Minister Hemant Soren cast their votes for Ranchi and Hatia Assembly segments.
Eight MLAs are seeking re-election in the third phase. Polling for 33 of the 81 seats was held on November 25 and December 2, which registered 61.92 per cent and 64.68 per cent turnout respectively.
 With PTI, IANS inputs

Standard Batteries appoints Bhupendra N. Shah as compliance officerDec 09, 2014, 09.59 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Standard Batteries appoints Bhupendra N. Shah as compliance officer
Standard Batteries Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Bhupendra N. Shah, Company Secretary has been appointed as Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Standard Batteries appoints Bhupendra N. Shah as compliance officer
Standard Batteries Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Bhupendra N. Shah, Company Secretary has been appointed as Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Standard Batteries Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Bhupendra N. Shah, Company Secretary has been appointed as Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from December 01, 2014.Source : BSE

ITC corrects on profit bookingITC corrects on profit booking
Tongue in cheek  Obama displaces comedian Colbert on popular showtongue in cheek  obama displaces comedian colbert on popular show
Insurance Stocks Gain; Government Panel Approves Recommendations on Insurance BillInsurance Stocks Gain; Government Panel Approves Recommendations on Insurance Bill
Voting begins low-key in KashmirVoting begins low-key in Kashmir
Cairn India shares fall after Macquarie downgradeCairn India shares fall after Macquarie downgrade
Oil minister meets with Joon-gyu Lee to sort out a technology-transfer issueOil minister meets with Joon-gyu Lee to sort out a technology-transfer issue
After Uber  Delhi Government Bans All Online / App Cab Services [Ola/TaxiForSure]After Uber  Delhi Government Bans All Online / App Cab Services [Ola/TaxiForSure]
Karnataka Goverment Launches MobileOne : World s Largest Multi-channel Mobile Services Platform.Karnataka Goverment Launches MobileOne : World s Largest Multi-channel Mobile Services Platform.
China tops Indias stellar bullrallyDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
As it extended Thursday’s striking 4.3% gains by rallying another 1.3% on Friday, China’s Shanghai Composite toppled Indian benchmarks as the best performing equity market this year.
On the back, of a remarkable rally of 20% since November 19, China’s benchmark index now boasts YTD gains of 39%, compared to 34.4% on the Sensex.  On Friday, the Chinese barometer closed the session at 2937.65, up 38.19 points while Sensex closed down 104.72 points or 0.4% at 28,458.10. Even in US dollar terms, the Shanghai Composite has outpaced the Sensex as it expanded by 36.7% in 2014 as against 34.4% rally on the Sensex.
If the momentum in Chinese stocks is maintained this month, China would have outperformed India for the first time since 2011. At current levels, the Shanghai Composite still trades at relatively lower valuations to the Sensex as it is changing hands 14 times at trailing 12-month earnings. The Sensex on the other hand is trading at a TTM price to earnings multiple of 19.8,as per to Bloomberg data.
The weekly buying interest in Chinese stocks was at its highest since April 2009 on speculation that the People’s Bank of China may cut reserve requirement ratios after reducing interest rate for the first time in two years, last month in order to support ailing economic growth. The unprecedented rally led China’s market watchdog, China Securities Regulatory Commission issued a statement on its website asking investors to consider risks while putting money into Chinese stocks.
On Thursday,  in its portfolio strategy for 2015, Goldman Sachs had listed both India and China amongst its overweight markets. Although it predicted India’s GDP growth may over take that of China in 2016, it assigned higher expected total market return of 17% in dollar terms for China compared to  13% for India.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Mangalore Chemicals soars on fresh open offer byZuariDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
Shares of UB group firm Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers (MCF) rallied as much as 14% in Friday’s trade after Kolkata-based Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group made yet another open offer to increase its stake in MCF . Shares ended the session at R90.85, up R4.70 or 5.5% while the benchmark Sensex closed down 104.72 points or 0.4% at 28458.10.
In a late evening filing with the bourses on Thursday, Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals stated that it was announcing an open offer for additional 3.07 crore shares or 25.90% stake in MCF,, at an offer price of R91.92 per share. It is making this offer in concert with Zuari Agro Chemicals.
The price announced for the open offer represents a 6.7% premium to the closing price of MCF shares on Thursday and pins the total value of the offer at R282.19 crore.
While the offer is not conditional upon any minimum level of acceptance, it is expected to re-ignite the bidding war for the control of MCF between Zuari group and Deepak Fertilisers that was first triggered in April last year with the latter obtaining a 10% stake in MCF through open market.
The Zuari group had sided with Vijay Mallya-led UB group for increasing its stake in MCF. Last month, competing open offers by Deepak Fertilisers and Mallya-UB combined concluded with Mallaya and Poddar gaining 38% stake in MCF while Deepak Fertilisers acquiring 32% ownership.
Interestingly, the current open offer launched by the Zuari group on Thursday didn’t mention any of the UB Group companies or promoters as persons acting in concert, unlike the last open offer.
On Thursday, MCF announced the appointment of Vijay Mallya’s step-mother Ritu Mallya as a director of the firm with immediate effect. On December 1, Vijay Mallya, who has been classified as a wilful defaulter by the likes of UCO Bank and United Bank of India, stepped down as chairman, sparking a 10% rally  in the stock.
TAGS: Mangalore Chemicals And Fertilizers NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Consumers to soon get choice to select power distribution company: Goyalcoal minister
(The Minister said competition…)
NEW DELHI: Consumers will soon be able to choose their power supply company as the government is making necessary amendments to the Electricity Act to enable this provision which is aimed at encouraging greater competition in the distribution sector.
Shifting focus from generation, the government plans to fix electricity distribution which is often described as the achilles heel of the power sector.
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal today said the provision allowing the end-user to choose its distribution company is in the works.
"What we are looking at is allowing competition at last mile delivery so that consumers have a choice of supplier of electricity... it will also help states serve the people better," the Minister told reporters here at a CII event.
Goyal assured that wherever there are existing power purchase agreements, the interests of stakeholders will be protected, which will be done in consultation with the power regulator.
The Minister said the government will allow competition at the last mile or to the end-consumer without raising tariff or compromising on better customer service.
On being asked about allowing end users of electricity to select their power distribution firm, Goyal said it will be done gradually, adding that it was tried in Maharashtra but did not deliver the desired results due to some legal issues.
There were some hurdles under the Electricity Act of 2003, he said when asked why the proposed model did not work in that state. "We are trying to resolve those hurdles under the current amendment to the Electricity Act," he added.
Goyal further said that the government started the exercise of making amendments to the existing Electricity Act some time back and in the process has consulted several stakeholder from whom it has received numerous suggestions for consideration.
The move is aimed at reducing the losses of discoms as well as improving overall electricity supply.
As per the proposal, a new model where a power supplier will not manage the electricity distribution network, is being looked at.
It is on the lines of existing system in the United Kingdom which has separate suppliers and electricity network providers.
At present here, power discoms supply as well as manage network that provides electricity for residential as well as commercial purposes.
In a separate carriage and content model, the network would be owned by one company while the suppliers of electricity could be more than one.
Later, speaking at the India Economic Conclave event, Goyal said that the country will have 24x7 power supply just like Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh over the next five years.
"I am very confident come 2019, just like Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, ... have 24x7 power for all, more than adequate power for farmers," he said.
Talking about framework for achieving 100 per cent power in India by 2019, the minister said, "Basically the industry has three critical elements. It needs fuel for production, we are addressing the coal problem through an e-auction with the private sector, and doubling the production in Coal India."
  He further said that stranded and stressed assets can get back on stream and all national assets created will get adequate fuel.
The minister further said that the government is looking at generating larger amounts of renewable energy.
"Teesta which is a project of strategic importance in Sikkim for 1200 mw of hydropower which is stranded for quite a long time got resolved in one and half meeting...Very soon we will get it into finalising," he said.
He said 50 billion dollar investment plan on transmission and distribution -- for which 10 billion dollars will come out of government support -- will help the states which are starved for funds strengthen the sub-way transmission and distribution network right up to the last mile.
The government is also looking at major amendments to the policy framework both in tariff policy and the electricity act. "We are also creating a new renewable energy policy," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What next Fliers with advance SpiceJet bookings ask travel agentsWhat next? Fliers with advance SpiceJet bookings ask travel agents
Soubhik Mitra , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, December 06, 2014
First Published: 18:34 IST(6/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:19 IST(7/12/2014)
Comments
Hundreds of worried SpiceJet fliers booked to travel on the budget airline two months from now reached out to travel operators on Saturday, a day after India's aviation regulator curtailed its flight capacity by 186 slots and temporarily barred it from accepting bookings in excess of 30 days.
SpiceJet is staring at a financial collapse after its efforts to find an investor failed. It needs an immediate infusion of about Rs. 2,000 crore to survive.
According to travel agents, the panic queries were diverted towards them as the airline's call centre allegedly became incommunicado on Saturday.
"Majority of SpiceJet passengers wished to know if they would get full refund on cancellation of flights scheduled to operate in mid-January," said Anup Kanuga, owner of Bathija Travels in South Mumbai.
Passengers' concerns stemmed from the fear of spending nearly double even if the airline gave them full refund closer to the date of travel, added Kanuga.
"These passengers have got the low-price tickets. The cost of the same journey a day or two before the schedule date of travel could be double the price."
In fact a small section of such fliers booked themselves on another airline to be safe. "Even if they let go off the cancellation charges on the alternative ticket it would be cheaper than paying sky-high spot fares," said another travel operator requesting anonymity.
The SpiceJet spokesperson said the airline was paying 100% refund for every cancelled flight within an average of 10 days.
"We have asked our travel partners to follow the same procedure," said the spokesperson.
Catering to nearly one out of five domestic fliers in India until September, the loss-making airline's daily flights fell from 339 to 232 within a span of a month.
Industry experts saw little hope of recovery for the airline even as it slammed the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA's) directive as 'severe'.
"Surprised with DGCA's directive especially about slots and constraints on forward bookings. This is in complete contrast to the kind of flexibility and accomodation shown to Kingfisher Airlines particularly in the last 12-18 months of operations," said Kapil Kaul, chief excutive officer, South Asia with Centre of Aviation (CAPA), an aviation think-tank.
He added the DGCA's monitoring safety concerns and passengers' interest was good but cancellation of slots was unfair.
"It could hurt potential investor confidence and lead to further downslide," he added.
Even as some experts felt that an immediate investment of Rs. 1000 could give Spicejet some time to recover there were slim chances for such a 'miracle', they said.
"Although Spicejet is in much better shape as compared to the defunct Kingfisher Airlines the existing industry environment has put it on a slippery slope," said Debayan Sen, country manager and director, Lundrum and Brown Worldwide Services, an aviation consultancy firm.
He added even strategic investors such as Gulf carriers for instance would not 'have the appetite for such an investment'.
The airline on Saturday said that it would contest the ban on future bookings.
"SpiceJet believes this restriction will be counter-productive, and will be discussing the pros and cons of this cooperatively with the DGCA," read a media statement issued by the airline.
It also claimed that the cancellation of slots were a 'natural process' as it had cut down its Boeing 737 fleet from 37 to 22.
DGCA cracks the whip
DGCA has cracked the whip on media baron Kalanithi Maran-controlled SpiceJet on Friday, cancelling the 186 “slots” and barring the carrier from offering bookings for more than a month’s advance.
This means, for instance, if a person wants to book a ticket on Saturday (December 6, 2014), SpiceJet can offer a seat only for travel by January 5, 2014. Besides, the cancellation of slots also means that the airline will be able to offer far fewer seats even for future travel.

AI asked to slash expenses by 10%AI asked to slash expenses by 10%
PTI  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 01:19 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:49 IST(7/12/2014)
Comments
Facing a cash crunch, Air India was on Saturday asked by the government to slash expenditure on operational heads by ten per cent and improve performance and passenger facilitation, officials said.
Air India aircrafts are seen parked on the tarmac of the international airport in Mumbai. (Sattish Bate/HT Photo)
The direction came after top airline officials including CMD Rohit Nandan made a presentation on Air India's performance parameters at a meeting with civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju and his minister of state Mahesh Sharma in New Delhi.
The officials said Air India, burdened by losses of about Rs. 5,400 crore in 2013-14, was asked by the minister to strive to prune its operational costs by at least ten per cent.
The minister also told the airline officials to improve on-time performance of its flights by reducing delays and providing timely and proper information to passengers about any delay.
The passengers hit by flight delays should be provided with refreshments and alternate connections in case of major delays, they said, adding that a system of leadership should be established at the operational level to meet any crisis. Raju reviewed Air India's performance over the last six months and noted the improvement in its market-share and financial performance, but said accelerated efforts should be made to improve profitability to achieve a faster turnaround, especially when jet fuel prices have come down substantially.
Constant efforts should be made to ensure that the rich benefits earned by Air India by entering into the Star Alliance should be sustained, the Minister said. Stressing optimum utilisation of resources, Raju suggested greater utilisation of its subsidiary, Air India Engineering Services Limited, so that most of the aircraft repairs and maintenance activities are carried out in-house and savings made.
Improvements in the in-flight entertainment system and other passenger-related activities should be carried out in order to meet the expectations of the travelling public, the Minister said. Issues relating to streamlining the pay-scales and promotions of employees of the two erstwhile state-run airlines following the merger also need to be addressed expeditiously, the Minister emphasised at the review meeting.

Seven deadly mistakes most small investors makeSeven deadly mistakes most small investors make
ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
equities
(The biggest investing mistakes…)
The biggest investing mistakes are committed when the markets are at their all-time high. Here are the mistakes small investors often make.
Here are seven deadly mistakes most small investors make:
1. Buy obscure stocks, momentum scrips
Penny stocks have risen 100-200% in the past three months. If a stock is priced low, there must be a good reason for it. Avoid obscure stocks.
2. Dabble in derivatives, exotic products
Derivatives are for hedging and retail investors should stay away. Investment in equity is risky. In futures and options, the risk is higher.
3. Invest more in stocks than they can afford
Margin trading is no less dangerous. Brokers encourage it because the brokerage is their bread and butter. Don't borrow to invest.
4. Take a short-term view of the markets
Analysts have predicted that the Sensex will cross 30,000 before March 2015. It may come true but don't bank on it. Despite the widespread optimism and enthusiasm about equities , there is no guarantee that the market will deliver 10% in four months.
5. Think they are better than mutual funds
Mutual funds have fullfledged research teams. If you have outperformed mutual funds, you are in the wrong profession.
6. Take concentrated exposure to 1-2 scrips
You may not be able to manage a portfolio of 30-35 stocks like a mutual fund , but you should spread your risk across 8-10 stocks.
7. Invest huge sums at one go
Diversification is also needed across time. Adopt a patient strategy of buying on dips. Never think that it is the last chance to buy a stock.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Stocks or mutual funds: Which is a better optionET Wealth
(The average investor would…)
My nephew is 14 years old and extremely thin: he is 6 feet tall and weighs 50 kilos. I often tell him that he should put on weight so he won't get pushed around by his bigger friends. He rebuts me saying, "They may be stronger, but I am faster." I laugh at his misplaced confidence, especially when his best friend squashes his hand in an arm-wrestling challenge in less than 10 seconds!
However, my nephew's mentality is typical of the average Indian—a feeling that we are better than the rest, no matter what our frailties. I see this mentality clearly when I talk to customers who invest in direct stocks. In spite of the odds stacked against individual stock pickers, many consider themselves market professionals. I see in their portfolios a mishmash of wild guesses and speculation, rather than carefully thought through strategies. Yet, they believe that their stock portfolios will eventually perform better than a professionally managed mutual fund.
In the short term, the stock market is a zero sum game. For every winner, there has to be a loser. For each stock that you sell, there is someone willing to buy it from you. As a buyer, you make money if your stock rises in value. The seller has lost the same amount of money through the opportunity he misses. Similarly, as a seller, you make money if your stock falls in value after you sell it through the loss you avoid. This is the same loss that the buyer inherits from you. Hence, the zero sum game.
A casual investor often pits himself against professionals. I recently visited the head office of a large mutual fund company and part of the agenda was for them to showcase the investment processes they follow. The breadth and depth of information available to a fund manager at the click of a mouse is mind-boggling. He has access to all annual reports of the company, all company reports of sellside analysts covering those companies, all company visit reports from their in-house analysts, as well as publicly available information on their Bloomberg terminals.
Once these are digested and if they were still interested, the fund managers can visit the companies, meet the senior management, and understand first-hand the performance of these companies. Compare this with a tip from an acquaintance or a passing discussion on a television channel that often drives investment decisions of casual investors. It becomes obvious who is likely to end up on the losing side of the zero sum game.
So should you buy stocks? In two cases, the answer is 'yes'. In the first case, let us say that you have developed a great understanding of a particular industry. Perhaps you have worked in the industry for decades and really know the companies, the dynamics and the market forces in that industry. You are, therefore, well-positioned to leverage this knowledge for investment in companies of this industry. Keep in mind, however, that you need to stay up to date on the news and events in the industry so that you can identify new ideas and exit the fading ones.
  Since you are behaving like a professional investor in this case, it is important to benchmark the performance of your portfolio against, at least, the average fund manager, if not the best. The performances of various schemes are readily available in various newspapers and magazines. Be honest with yourself and look at your successes and failures.
In the second case, suppose you get a real high from the cut and thrust of trading. You love the adrenaline rush of making a killing on a stock you identified early, and losing sometimes doesn't get you down too much. You love the bulletin boards, the sharing and camaraderie that comes from sharing your experiences with other like-minded friends. Go for it, with a few caveats. First, you must decide how much you want to devote to this passion, both in terms of money and time. Second, be disciplined in terms of sticking to the rules you define. Third, recognise that emotions are the biggest enemy of a trader. So learn to manage your emotions, both greed and fear.
What if neither case describes you? In such a case, it is advisable to hire a professional to manage your money; someone who has the strengths and resources listed earlier. The good news is that it is quite easy and inexpensive to hire such a person. All you need to do is invest in a mutual fund. You pay a fees of about 2% of your investment and get the best fund managers in the country working on your portfolio.
Even the best fund managers go through their phases of underperformance. The good fund managers bounce back, but some others languish. Therefore, not only is it important to pick good schemes, but it is also essential to monitor their performance and ensure that you weed out the bad ones on a regular basis. Enlisting the help of an adviser brings two levels of monitoring to your portfolio. The first is the fund manager, who picks good stocks, and the second is the adviser, who picks good fund managers.
We have described earlier how the stock market can be a zero sum game in the short term. You could come out either a winner or a loser. However, the long term is an entirely different ball game. If you have picked the prime factors that you can count on—good fund managers, schemes and advisers— you are certain to come out ahead in this game. This pretty much sums up the mutual fund versus stock investment argument.
(The author is Director, PeakAlpha Investment Services).
FEATURED ARTICLES

India story strong under Modi govt: BofA chief MoynihanBank of America
(Moynihan joins a list…)
MUMBAI: India is now the best-placed economy among global investment destinations as it emerges from a decade low slump to ride a wave of enthusiasm generated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's image as a leader focused on execution, said Brian Moynihan , chairman & chief executive of Bank of America, the second-biggest US lender.
"The story in India is a relatively stronger story," Moynihan told ETin an interview. "They have a clear view of what they want to accomplish. They realise it takes work and takes detailed plans and implementation, which is good because that is what it does take. I run a big company and know that you have to have execution plans."
Moynihan joins a list of global CEOs encouraged by the new government that came to power in May with the strongest mandate in three decades. Modi's reform pledges, empowering of bureaucrats, attempts to clean up a corrupt system and demanding performance from ministers have been cheered by industry. McKinsey & Co CEO Dominic Barton said in an interview to ET last month that he has resumed advising clients to invest in India after a two-year gap.
Businesses in India and abroad are looking for the promised changes to take place as peer nations go through a rough patch because of political troubles or due to the collapse in commodity prices. "Going through the BRICS, the Brazil story is not a strong one," said Moynihan, who turned around the fortunes of Bank of America after the credit crisis nearly sank the lender. "In the last couple of years, Russia has also weakened.
Even on a broader scale, the story here is a new government with a lot of enthusiasm behind (it) and the people's confidence building and coming out of a trough. That story is not exactly the same in a lot of other places." Unlike many global banks, Bank of America, which is celebrating its 50th year in India, is keen on abiding by RBI's subsidiarising proposal.
Doing too much for ourselves: Moynihan
Bank of America will abide by RBI's subsidiarising proposal even though this could bring down efficiency levels, Moynihan said. The central bank wants overseas lenders to set up subsidiaries in India to have similar rights as local lenders, particularly when it comes to such issues as expanding branch net works.
"I can see that it makes life easier (for the regulator) but on the other hand it makes it less efficient and therefore getting less efficient means it cannot supply as much capital to the market. But if they make the decision to move forward, then that is the rule we play by," said Moynihan.
He said talk of higher capital needs and regulations stifling innovation is baseless and that parts of the financial services industry have been enriching themselves instead of serving clients. "I do not think it will have the impact on financial innovation that has customer purposes," said Moynihan. "I do not think the innovation is financing structures and stuff like that. We are doing too much for ourselves and not enough for our customers."
FEATURED ARTICLES

India story is relatively stronger under new government: Brian MoynihanArun Jaitley
(US is on solid footing. Consumers…)
Brian Moynihan, 55, chairman and CEO, Bank of America, spoke to R Sriram and MC Govardhana Rangan in an extensive interview, touching upon various matters such as the global economy, local business and the change in investor perception about India after the new government took charge. He says tight regulations will not cripple financial innovations that can benefit customers. Edited excerpts:
What are your clients saying about India? How do they see their business prospects?
The enthusiasm of the corporate sector, both the multinational and India based corporate sector, the enthusiasm, optimism, and confidence are all looking up instead of looking down as last year. People are excited and you see that everywhere. A strong leader and they can see the reforms. They tell us it is great stuff and they want to continue to see it come to fruition.
You met Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Prime Minister Narendra Modi. What was your impression?
They have a clear view of what they want to accomplish. They realise it takes work and takes detailed plans and implementation, which is good because that is what it does take. I mean I run a big company and know that you have to have execution plans. They are very enthusiastic. In the case of the prime minister, I can see why people are impressed with him, the dynamic nature. Even a short conversation with him is enough and we can see why people see the optimism.
What do you, as the head of one of the biggest US banks, look forward to?
At Bank of America, we have global businesses. We help companies prosper by lending them money, by cash management, by helping raise capital. We are here to help create things. What we need is the right conditions for growth and that is what we are trying to establish. There is really substantial enthusiasm represented by the investment flows. The stories are good. There is a lot of enthusiasm around the change in government. And by the way, there are not a lot of other great stories around the world right now for people to get enthused about. On a relative basis, this is a very strong story. So you see that from the investor community. That is why the interest has gone up so much.
India is part of BRICS. When others are weakening, how does India differ?
People come up with names and concepts simplifying complex things. There are a lot of countries in the world and each one is absolutely different. On the other hand, each one is actually tied together. You look at this country and this economy and how it relates to other countries and other economies and how the interest level is, and whether this is part of the BRICS or not part of the BRICS is a relevant dialogue. The question is what will go on here fundamentally and then what people think about it. There has been an interest developing in the global nature of US businesses that are mid-sized in the world and vice-versa and so large Indian companies are helping them to start around the world and the United States now.
 
There are worries due to the West's easy monetary policy. Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan has also warned of it. How do you see things?
The world is easier when it is growing because then the decisions are easy. In the US, we have got to be serious about our fiscal position and our debt levels and pension liabilities. But you also have to have the discipline, and that is what policymakers get paid for. But the fear of the US slipping back, which we do not see at all, but the potential that they can slip back into recession when the world has slowed down would not be good for the world. The consumption in the US drives a lot of economic activity and so we have got to keep all the economies moving forward.
Will this cause the next asset bubble — a bond bubble?
I am not an economist, so I do not know. The question is: what is the alternative? If a country is not employing more people, not creating jobs and not growing, you cannot just sit and say, well, that is going to be the circumstance. You have got to try to help. We are extending credit every day in the markets but not too much. So we want companies that can service debt but also have access to leverage and that is the same strategy governments and society have to take.
Stanley Fischer and William Dudley of the Fed talked about raising rates without spooking yields. Is the US economic recovery on track?

India on the watch list of most global investors today: Jack W LinForeign Direct Investment
("It is too early to say there…)
In a chat with ET Now, Jack W Lin , Head of Asia & Middle East, Pioneer Investment, shares his views on the Indian markets and FII flows. Excerpts:
ET Now: Let us begin by talking about what you are making of India. This year we have seen something like $15 billion worth of inflows into the country. How do you see the run rate for calendar 2015 and 2016? What is the potential there?
Jack W Lin: It is always challenging to predict future run rates because it is dependent on so many factors -- global and local. But let's focus on the factors which are within the control of India. A large fundamental reason why the foreign investing community has become so interested in India recently is due to all the exciting developments that are happening on the ground here and that part is within the control of the Indian people and the Indian government . A key element to determine future foreign direct investment flow rate into India would have to be what happens in the next two quarters and four quarters with continuing of the reform process. Currently based on all of that we still remain quite positive on what the current government in India is doing and we remain optimistic that the trend will continue towards more economic reform and greater liberalisation.
ET Now: From the current earnings rate of 15-16%, over the next two years, where do you see the earnings of corporate India move up to?
Jack W Lin: That is the key question that relates to the current valuation levels in India. Many people ask me whether the Indian markets are overvalued, undervalued or fairly valued at this stage. The key question is going to be, what are the growth assumptions built into the current price? Now the most recent earning announcements have not really set the world on fire. However, for those companies that we are analysing, we still believe that there are good fundamental reasons why we expect the growth to be there in the future and of course, we will have to wait and see what the reality is.
ET Now: Give us a flavour of the large global investors which are the new reasons from where you see the potential of money flowing in gradually into the Indian markets, especially the areas where traditionally they have not been investors into India.
Jack W Lin: The interest level has spiked all around the world. I travel to many different markets, and people ask me about India. So the interest is quite broad-based. In terms of the regions where the capital will actually start flowing, it is too early to say there is not an emerging trend. However, India is definitely on the watch list of most global investors today.
ET Now: The last time we logged into a bull run, the Indian markets actually peaked out at about 22X forward earnings, but with the changing dynamics of improving growth, lower inflation , good policy and lower commodity prices, what kind of PE do you think India could trade at, say, over the next three to four years?
Jack W Lin: Those fundamental factors that you have cited, if even more than half of them become true and become true in a material way, we could very well see a re-rating of the Indian market overall and that is the scenario where we could see the PE levels shift to a fundamentally higher level.
ET Now: Which end of the Indian market is looking far more attractive now? Is it the large caps or is it the mid and small cap companies?
Jack W Lin: We believe that there is an opportunity in the near term for Indian midcaps and that's why we are launching our fund at this time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New body replacing Planning Commission likely by Jan-endAnand Sharma
(Modi had said in his maiden…)
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi-led NDA government will move ahead with setting up of a new institution in place of the Planning Commission despite resistance from Congress-ruled states as a majority of states are on board. The new institution could be in place before the end of January 2015 and would have adequate representation from states and will include domain experts.
In a meeting convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi with chief ministers of all states on Sunday, Congress-ruled states were of the view that the present Planning Commission should be evolved into a new structure, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told the media after the meeting.
"Most states are in favour of a system that strengthens their ability to deliver and hence they want more flexibility. There was a larger consensus to the effect that the context has changed and there is a need to decentralise power and planning and states needs to be empowered," Jaitley added. Earlier, Modi referred to remarks by his predecessor to bolster his push for replacing the Planning Commission.
NDA states seek immediate disbanding of panel
" Manmohan Singh , who had been associated for a long time with the Planning Commission, had noted that the body has no futuristic vision in the post-reform period. He had also noted that the Planning Commission would have to reinvent itself to remain more effective and relevant in the present situation," Modi told state CMs in his concluding remarks.
"The current global scenario offered a chance for India to take a big leap forward," Modi said, seeking to abandon the 'incremental' approach of the past and creating a new approach — in which the Centre and the states act as a team — in the spirit of co-operative federalism. Congress party spokesperson Anand Sharma said the move to dismantle the Planning Commission will be "unwarranted, shortsighted and dangerous" as it will have a long-term adverse effect on Centre-state relations, asserting that the panel needed "reorientation" and not "political burial".
His party colleague and Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy towed a similar line. "I am not convinced that the wholesale change of a time-tested institution is required, particularly so, when we have not progressed even now beyond the conceptual stage of designing an alternative mechanism."
While chief ministers of Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand skipped the meet on account of elections in their states, states of West Bengal and Mizoram were represented by their finance ministers. However, some NDA states and those ruled by parties like the AIADMK and Telangana Rashtra Samithi wanted immediate disbanding of the Planning Commission.
West Bengal and northeastern states, barring Assam, have pitched for strengthening states and giving more powers to the inter-state council under the new institution. According to Jaitley, Prime Minister Modi had extensive consultation with states and the central government will take a considered view on the new institution as it is of the view that policy planning needs to change from "top to bottom" to "bottom to top".
Modi had said in his maiden Independence Day speech that the Planning Commission should be replaced by an organisation which can think creatively, strengthen the federal structure and energise states.
A new structure
While the government has yet to take a view on the new institution, the first meeting of the PM with chief ministers on the alternative institution hints that the government is considering an institution which will have the Prime Minister, some Cabinet ministers and some chief ministers along with technocrats and experts in various fields. States could be given the liberty to spend funds according to their needs, a demand made by various states which feel that "one size fits all" strategy isn't workable.
A presentation made by Planning Secretary Sindhushree Khullar on Sunday has proposed six key functions of the new institution: evolving a consensus on national development strategy, fostering cooperative federalism, defining reforms agenda, serving as a platform for cross-sectoral issues, acting as a knowledge and innovation hub besides capacity building and technology watch group.
Under the present allocation of business rules, the Planning Commission is responsible for formulating plans, assessing and allocating plan resources, identifying constraints, appraisal of plans, determining implementation machinery and formulating programmes for area development.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi invokes Manmohan Singh to push for planning commission revampPM Modi invokes Manmohan Singh to push for planning commission revamp
ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.04AM IST
Tags:
Manmohan Singh
(Modi said Singh had sought…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi invoked his predecessor Manmohan Singh to bolster his push for replacing the virtually defunct Planning Commission, at a meeting with chief ministers to discuss the future of the panel where he mooted a bottom-up approach to policy planning instead of the top-down system.
"The current global scenario offered a chance for India to take a big leap forward," Modi said, seeking to abandon the 'incremental' approach of the past and creating a new team approach between the Centre and the states in the spirit of co-operative federalism.
Stressing that states should have a key role in the new body to replace the Commission often termed a Nehruvian relic, Modi recalled his own experiences while dealing with the Commission as Gujarat chief minister and said a better platform was needed to articulate states' views. co-operative federalism.
Modi said Singh had sought a reboot of the Plan Panel at 'at the end of his term,' citing an April 30 meeting of the Commission chaired by the ex-PM. But officials said Singh had originally raised the same concerns and sought to reinvent the Planning Commission at the start of his second innings in May 2009, roping in change management expert Arun Maira to steer the process.
But the plan never took off, prompting Singh to voice the same concerns about the relevance of the Commission and its future at its last meeting chaired by him this April.
"Manmohan Singh, who had been associated for a long time with the Planning Commission, had noted that the body has no futuristic vision in the post-reform period. He had also noted that the Planning Commission would have to reinvent itself to remain more effective and relevant in the present situation," Modi told state CMs in his concluding remarks. Modi himself had announced the demise of the Commission in his Independence Day address to the nation, where he said it should be replaced by an organization which can think creatively, strengthen the federal structure and energise states.
"It is impossible for the nation to develop unless states develop... Can we develop a new mechanism, that plans according to Indi's strengths, empowers states, and brings on board all economic activity, including that which happens outside the government?" Modi asked, kicking off the consultation with the states on Sunday.
An official statement from the PM's office said the PM described "Team India" as a combination of three teams - the Prime Minister and Chief Ministers; the Union Council of Ministers; and the bureaucracy in the Centre and states.
"In countries such as the USA , think-tanks that function independently of the government have a major role in policy-making. In India too, there is a great deal of economic activity that happens outside the government setup, and there is a need to design policies for them as well," the PM said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Entire country to have 24x7 power supply by 2019: Piyush GoyalCoal India
("Come 2019, just like Gujarat…)
NEW DELHI: The country will have 24X7 supply of power throughout its length and breadth by 2019 on the line of Gujarat, MP and Chhattisgarh, Power Minister Piyush Goyal today assured.
"Come 2019, just like Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, the whole of India will get benefits of 24X7 power," Goyal said at the ET Now India Economic Conclave .
He further added that getting stranded and stressed assets back on stream was the government's motto. The government was also focussing on renewable sources of energy to address power sector issues.
Goyal said that the issue regarding the 1200 MW Teesta hydro power project which had been stranded for some time has been resolved and the same would be finished soon.
"I am happy to tell friends here that Teesta which is a project of strategic importance in Sikkim with 1200 MW of hydropower has got resolved in one and a half meeting. . . Very soon we will get it into finishing," he said.
Listing the government's plans of augmenting Coal India's production to a billion tonnes in five years and addressing the sector woes through e-auction of mines, Goyal said that the government's aim was to stop coal imports.
The government was also looking at major amendments in policy framework in the tariff and electricity act and also working on a new renewable energy policy, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rahul verma may take charge ahead of Obama s visitRichard Rahul Verma may take up Barack Obama's responsibilities ahead of schedule
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 03.54AM IST
(Obama will not only be the…)
NEW DELHI: Richard Rahul Verma, US ambassador-designate to India, may take up his responsibilities in Delhi ahead of schedule, with President Barack Obama due to visit the country in January as chief guest at the Republic Day parade on January 26.
Verma, the first American of Indian origin appointed to the post, had a smooth US Senate confirmation hearing for the appointment last week and could be in place before the presidential visit. Official sources in Washington indicated to ET that Verma, who would otherwise have taken three to four months to complete formalities and get to Delhi, is now expected to join office before the visit.
Obama will not only be the first American president to visit India twice, once in each term, but also the first US head of state to be Republic Day chief guest. Given bipartisan support among Republicans and Democrats for stronger and more robust strategic and trade ties with India, the Senate hearing was expected to be an easy one, sources said.
There will now be a confirmation vote by the Senate, which is also expected to be free of hitches. Subsequently, an executive order will be issued, paving the way for his arrival in India well in advance of the Obama trip to take charge of preparations from the US side. Until last month there were more than 55 ambassadorial nominations pending in the US Senate, mainly because of obstruction by the Republicans. However, Verma is highly popular among both Democrats and Republicans, people in Washington said.
He worked as senior adviser to US Senate majority leader Harry Reid from 2002 to 2007 and played a key role behind the scenes in the passage of the India-US civil nuclear accord. Having the ambassador in place would allow preparations and protocol matters to be managed well, sources in Delhi said. China had a new ambassador in Delhi just days ahead of President Xi Jinping's recent visit.
Similarly, Vietnam had a new envoy before its prime minister visited Delhi in October. Bangladesh's new high commissioner is expected to gain accreditation before President Abdul Hamid arrives in Delhi on December 18. "Full-fledged envoys are also an imperative to push bilateral ties and bring in new ideas in partnership. Given the fact that India-US ties have gained momentum, presence of an American envoy will give it impetus," an official said.
Unlike India, where ambassadors are nominated by the foreign minister and cleared by the PM, US envoys are nominated by the president and confirmed by the Senate. Richard Rahul Verma was named ambassador to India by Obama, days ahead of Modi's arrival in Washington in September. He's a US national security and foreign policy expert besides being a prominent attorney and a distinguished air force veteran.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pranab s daughter Sharmistha Mukherjee too enters into politicsPranab Mukherjee's daughter Sharmistha Mukherjee too enters into politics
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.52AM IST
(“My father always allowed…)
NEW DELHI: She happens to be the daughter of President Pranab Mukherjee, but Sharmistha Mukherjee was never interested in politics. Her passion has always been Kathak, a dance form she excelled in, and performed across the globe.
Unlike her brother Abhijit Mukherjee, a two-time MP from Jangipur, West Bengal, Sharmistha didn't show any interest in active public life till the recent LS elections when she campaigned for Congress candidates in Delhi.
"My father always allowed us to be who we are. But I thought it's time that I should play a role in addressing issues that affect our society," Sharmistha told ET at her home in Delhi's Greater Kailash from where she is an aspirant for a Congress ticket.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fadnavis pitches for National Development and Reforms CommissionMaharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis pitches for National Development and Reforms Commission
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 09.33PM IST
Tags:
Devendra Fadnavis
(As Mumbai being the financial…)
MUMBAI: Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today called for replacement of Planning Commission with a National Development and Reforms Commission to achieve "Sabka Vikas Sabka Saath" motto of the ruling NDA government at the centre.
Fadnavis, among chief ministers of various states in a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi today, called for replacing the Planning Commission by new National Development and Reforms Commission, an official in Chief Minister's office said.
"The (new Commission) should also meet at regional level every three months, headed by PM and CMs (Western, Southern, Northern, eastern, North-East regions). This should be about problem solving, taking up regional issues like central laws like coastal regulations, eco-sensitive zones; which come in way of economic growth and employment creation," the official quoted the Chief Minister as saying.
As Mumbai being the financial capital of India, Fadnavis requested the Prime Minister to head an empowered group to make Mumbai a global commercial hub.
"The Group should meet every six months for ensuring that central ministries like ports, airports, railways and state agencies like MCGM , MMRDA , Power collaborate in infrastructure like coastal road, trans harbour link, metro to make Mumbai a world class city by 2019," the official said.
Fadnavis also called upon the Prime Minister to provide greater drought relief as per package submitted to Centre and asked for higher and remunerative prices for cotton and sugar crops.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Devendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new planning bodyYou are here: Home > Collections > Crz
Devendra Fadnavis for bigger role of states in new planning body
PTI Dec 7, 2014, 09.31PM IST
Tags:
coastal regulation zone
(All the five regions of the…)
NEW DELHI: Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis today proposed to have a National Economic Development and Improvement Council and councils at the regional level, with larger participation of the states, which could replace the Planning Commission.
Speaking at the meeting of state chief ministers called by Prime Minister Narendra Modi , Fadnavis said, the Regional Councils- for west, east, south, north and northeast India- should have more say in solving the problems of those particular region.
Fadnavis also proposed that Centre sponsored schemes should be stopped and instead money should be directly given to the states. This "flexible" policy will help the states in solving problems as per their priority.
"For overall and sustainable development it is important that states play a crucial role. For this purpose, it is necessary to have a National Economic Development and Improvement Council, headed by the Prime Minister with participation of chief ministers of states.
"This Council should have a meeting at the regional level every three months," he said.
Pitching for a Regional Council, Fadnavis said, that all the five regions of the country should have such an agency and be given the power to deal with issues pertaining to CRZ and eco-sensitive issues.
"Many central laws are hurdles in the development of states. The Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ), Land Acquisition Act and Eco-sensitive areas act have had a negative impact on the development of the state.
"The Regional Council should be given the power to seek solution to these issues," he said.
The chief minister also proposed a separate committee, headed by the Prime Minister, for the development of Mumbai.
"The development of the country is not possible without the development of Mumbai. For rapid progress of Mumbai, it is important that different agencies of the state and the centre come together.
"For this, a Mumbai Improvement Committee, headed by the Prime Minister, should be constituted. Meetings of this committee should be held every six months. The committee should make its contribution in making Mumbai a financial and economic hub," Fadnavis said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google Nexus 6: Uncertainty on availability persistsbenchmark
(Even as Android One had a…)
NEW DELHI: This tale from a technology sector CEO illustrates an unusual thing about an iconic global technology giant. Vijay Shekhar Sharma, CEO of Paytm, is a devoted fan of Google's Nexus smartphone. Sharma is waiting to upgrade to Nexus 6 and has to wait patiently till it's available online on Flipkart, which is the only Indian outlet, online or offline, for the phone.
The Paytm CEO's frustrating experience is shared by many, many Nexus smartphone fans. Google, as formidable a marketing machine as any globally, has put its weight behind low-cost Android One phones in India, spending Rs 100 crore in the project. Nexus, on the other hand, is not marketed by Google and is rarely marketed by its hardware partners LG, Motorola and HTC either.
Even as Android One had a tepid start, market analysts and retailers say Google is missing a trick by not promoting the pricier Nexus phone more. "Instead of focusing on Android One, it would be a good call for Google to sell Nexus offline as it is a flagship product that has a good pull," says Satish Babu, founder of Chennai-based retail store chain UniverCell Mobiles, one of several large format chains willing to stock Nexus 6. "There are takers for Nexus even at the high price," Babu said.
Nexus Fans Switching Loyalty
He compared this with cheaper Android One phones, which have had a not-so-impressive run since their launch a few weeks back. Other mobile brick and mortar retailers — for example, Himangshu Chakravarti of MobileStore — agree with UniverCell Mobiles' Babu. They say there's a lot of latent demand for the high performing Nexus phone but supply is a problem, and Google can tap that by selling offline. Some Nexus fans are switching loyalty, not wanting to wait long for an upgrade to arrive.
Paytm CEO Sharma says Xiaomi is one of the favourite options of those abandoning Nexus. "I've been waiting for it for some time now, but many Nexus 5 users waiting to upgrade to Nexus 6 have moved to Xiaomi's Mi 3 which offers almost the same specifications at roughly half the cost," Sharma says. Xiaomi's Mi 3 was launched in July atRs 14,999.
Nexus phones are in the Rs 20,000 toRs 30,000 price band. The LG-made 4.95 inch Nexus 5 was launched in November last year, the fifth successor to Nexus 1 introduced in 2010. Nexus 5 is priced between Rs 22,000 andRs 33,000 on e-commerce sites. Nexus 6, powered by Google's Android Lollipop operating system, has been made by Motorola.
Nexus 6 was listed for pre-orders in the US late in October and all variants were reported to be sold out within a few hours. The story was the same in the UK. In India, initial stocks were pre-booked within a day or two. When asked by ET, Flipkart did not share the number of pre-orders. Nexus 6 may be available in Google's 3-day online sale beginning December 10. Hong Kong-based research firm Counterpoint Technologies estimates that around 2,00,000 Nexus 5 phones were shipped to India this year.
  Compare that with the 1.6-1.8 million Android-based smartphones that were sold in India this year in the sameRs 20,000-Rs 30,000 price band. Clearly, say analysts and retail traders, Google can sell far more Nexus phones than it is selling now - if it wants to. On the other hand, in just two and a half months since mid-September, a little under 500,000 Android One phones have been shipped to India, more than double the year-long total for Nexus 5 phones. But despite this, Android One hasn't quite taken off.
In all 7 million smartphones in the Rs 6,000-Rs 8,000 price band, the range in which Android One phones are available, were sold in four months till October. With less than a half a million shipments, Google's low-cost smartphone was obviously a slow seller in this category. That Nexus is a story of untapped potential in India is also clear from the fact that India accounts for just 3,00,000 of the 9.9 million Nexus phones sold globally since 2010, according to data from Counterpoint Technologies.
Android, both technology and mobile retail experts say, is a hugely popular operating system in India and Google's Nexus phones are ideally situated to exploit that popularity. Nexus, experts say, is the benchmark setting Android-based smartphone. JUST A SHOWPIECE? Google responded to ET's query on undermarketing Nexus by saying: "We always introduce Nexus devices alongside our platform releases (such as Lollipop), as advances in computing are always driven at the intersection of hardware and software."
Other explanations from analysts and experts were more detailed. Google works with hardware partners to build Nexus devices, and the idea is to help push boundaries of what's possible, say analysts tracking the sector. Nexus serves as a reference for the Android ecosystem. "Ideally, it would have been a good business case had Google entered into devices," said a Bangalore-based analyst who did not want to be named. He added that Google perhaps wants Nexus to simply serve as a reference point, a showcase for the power of hardware.
Counterpoint's telecom analyst Tarun Pathak says Google may not want to scale up Nexus distribution to "avoid stepping into its manufacturing partners' toes" and that Nexus phones "may be mostly a showcase that's meant for developers first and then consumers".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Professional beggars in China fly with iPhones pricey watchesProfessional beggars in China fly with iPhones pricey watches
By PTI | 7 Dec, 2014, 08.14PM IST
Four "professional beggars" were caught in southwest China's Chongqing Municipality for allegedly cheating money out of local people yesterday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Fake beggars in China were having a gala time with some of them flying around city to city with pricey watches and latest iPhones only to beg around in ragged clothes, a tragic story and a begging bowl.
Four " professional beggars " were caught in southwest China's Chongqing Municipality for allegedly cheating money out of local people yesterday, according to state broadcaster CCTV.
Local police were informed that they were pretending to be penniless migrant workers, unable to return home.
An initial police probe found the four disguised themselves as beggars before going on a "cheating tour" around the country.
They usually claim to be migrant workers who had no money to return home, and the public fall for it, one of them confessed to police.
Last month, they flew to Chongqing to "collect money" to prepare for Spring Festival -- Chinese New Year -- which falls on February 19.
So far, each has raised some 800 yuan ($130). They all own pricey watches and iPhones.
According to the police, one of them has an iPhone 6 Plus . People are growing doubtful of beggars in China, according to a recent survey, of more than 20,000 respondents, 82.3 per cent regard begging as cheating.
Stories of fake beggars in China abound and have frequently angered the public.
Last week, several beggars were pictured counting money in a Beijing subway station, with one of them taking selfies with an iPhone, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.

Camera comparison: Apple iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung Galaxy Note 4Camera comparison: Apple iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung Galaxy Note 4
By Karan Bajaj & Hitesh Raj Bhagat, ET Bureau | 5 Dec, 2014, 03.50PM IST
0
Share More
There are a total of 10 different scenarios, representing different types of lighting, different subjects and a different times of day. 
ET SPECIAL:
By now, everyone knows that the Apple iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung Galaxy Note 4 have great cameras. By how do they stand up when pitted against each other? We found out in a head-to-head comparison.
How we tested it
There's not a lot you can do by way of settings (especially in the iPhone 6 Plus and especially when using the default photography apps). However, we did stick to the default apps and the default 'full auto' settings and auto ISO settings - since that is how most people will use them. For the low light photographs where camera shake was a high possibility, we used a tripod and the self-timer to capture the photograph.
There are a total of 10 different scenarios, representing different types of lighting, different subjects and a different times of day. We made sure that the lenses were clean, captured each scenario with both phones, one after the other and multiple photographs were taken. For the final comparisons, the best photo of the lot were chosen. As far as possible, the same composition was used.
However, you may still notice some differences in the amount of detail captured because the sensors used have different resolutions: the Note 4 camera sensor is 16 Megapixels while the iPhone 6 Plus camera sensor is 8 Megapixels.
Scenario 1 - The Garden
These photographs were taken outdoors at 8am. Looking at the complete photo, the iPhone 6 Plus has obviously captured the more pleasing image. On a closer look, the green grass looks slightly oversaturated but the rest of the objects were truer to life. Noise levels were kept in check on both phones. The iPhone 6 Plus takes this round because it just looked better to everyone who saw it.
Winner: iPhone 6 Plus (Click image to see larger view)
Scenario 2 - The Squirrel
These photographs were taken on the same day as the Garden, at roughly the same time (8:15am). Here, the iPhone 6 Plus pulled off the more pleasing image but the Note 4 captured more detail -seen in the fine lines of the squirrel and on the yellow watering can. There was no clear winner.
Winner: Tie (Click image to see larger view)
Scenario 3 - The Globe
Captured indoors at night using a tripod and the room was lit by warm white CFL bulbs. The globe has a single, 25 watt tungsten bulb inside it. The Note 4 offered a brighter image overall (areas around the globe were better lit) however iPhone 6 Plus offered a higher level of detail and captured better colour which was able to bring out the subtle variations of the globe surface.
Winner: iPhone 6 Plus (Click image to see larger view)
Scenario 4 - Bottles
This photograph was captured indoors and the only light was from six, overhead, 60 watt tungsten bulbs. The bottles were placed on a glass table and a tripod was used. Both photographs look remarkably similar but if you zoom in, it's clear that the Note 4 offered higher detail and lower levels of noise. The higher noise in the iPhone 6 Plus was also muddling the edges of the bottles together.
Winner: Note 4 (Click image to see larger view)
Scenario 5 - Pac Man
This photograph was captured indoors and the subject is a Pac Man lamp with a 15 watt tungsten bulb inside. The black areas of the lamp are opaque while light comes out from the coloured designs. The room was lit with six, overhead 60 watt tungsten bulbs and the phones were placed on the wooden counter using a Gorillapod. The Note 4 captured some details better (like the magenta paper) but overall, the iPhone takes this round because of more accurate colour - especially the yellow Pac Man.
Winner: iPhone 6 Plus (Click image to see larger view)

Friends old and new at Manish Malhotra s birthdayManish Malhotra celebrated his 48th birthday with his close friends from the industry.
The birthday boy Manish Malhotra looks dapper.
1 / 22

If a small investor can make Rs 1.75 crore  so can you!You are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Here's how you can make big money from small stock investments
Sanjay Kumar Singh, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.59PM IST
Tags:
equities
(A small tribe of retail investors…)
Retail investors tend to be very consistent in the way they play the stock market. They usually enter when everybody else is getting ready to leave. Their investment decisions are based on tips from brokers, friends and experts on television shows. They don't research the stocks they buy, nor do they diversify their portfolios. They also tend to sell off their winners early and hold on to losers endlessly. Little wonder that for most retail investors, the stock market is a zero sum game.
However, there are also small investors who have made extraordinary gains from stock investments. No, we don't mean only the lucky ones who invested in the Infosys IPO in 1993. A small but growing tribe of small investors is taking pains to understand the fundamentals of investing before entering the markets. They scour annual reports of companies and go through analysts' reports on stocks. They don't have knee-jerk reactions and buy only when valuations are attractive. They are also patient and hold stocks for longer durations, booking profits when they rebalance their portfolios or when the target price is achieved.
This week's cover story showcases eight such ordinary investors who have made extraordinary gains from stocks. These investors look at the fundamentals before they buy and follow most of the sound practices that ET Wealth advocates. It's not as if these investors have not committed mistakes. However, instead of getting disheartened, they have learnt from the errors to script their success stories.
HIS WINNERS
MRPL, Capital First, Sun Pharma, Page Industries, HDFC Equity and HDFC Prudence.
HIS MISTAKES
He should have been more patient with his investments. In 2003-4, he had bought many stocks via IPOs. Unfortunately, he sold them when their prices went up 3-4 times. Now the prices of those stocks are up 18-20 times.
HIS STRATEGY
He took classes on equity investment. Now, he consults websites, follows blogs and investment newsletters. He looks at the track record of the company promoters and avoids fly-bynight operators. He first makes small investments and slowly scales up his holdings.
 
Meet S.G. Raja Sekharan, 52, who has been dabbling in stocks for nearly 25 years. When he started, he had no knowledge of investing and bought stocks recommended by his broker. He lost money in the crash that followed the Harshad Mehta scam in 1992. For most small investors, the loss would have meant turning away from equity investments for good to avoid losing more money. Raja Sekharan, on the other hand, tore away from the ordinary and built a mini-library of books on value investing. Armed with knowledge, he returned to the stock market in 2001 and his portfolio has consistently beaten the Sensex since then. In the past year, his portfolio has grown 67%, compared to the 34% rise in the Sensex.
HIS WINNERS
HDFC Bank, Gruh Finance, L&T, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Crisil, Havells India, Asian Paints, BHEL, Jubilant Foods, Maruti and Swaraj Engines.
HIS MISTAKES
He first dabbled in stocks in 1991-92, but did not know anything about investing in equities. Lost money in the market crash that followed the Harshad Mehta scam.
HIS STRATEGY
In his second innings, he took the pains to learn about the basics of stock investing. He follows the investment approach outlined in Mary Buffett's book, Buffettology. He invests for the long term. He has short-listed companies which he believes have long-term moats.
HIS WINNERS
Ajanta Pharma, AIA Engineering, Kaveri Seeds, VST Tillers, Mayur Uniquoters, Alembic Pharma, Suven Life Sciences and Atul Auto.
HIS MISTAKES
Initially, he invested only in large-caps in welldiscovered IT stocks, which were picked randomly. His selection procedure was superficial, mostly based on what he had heard on TV.
HIS STRATEGY
He buys stocks with strong growth prospects. However, he picks them only when they are available at attractive valuations. His investment style incorporates the best of growth and value investing approaches. He prefers to hold 10-15 stocks in his portfolio.
 
Symphony, TVS Srichakra, Astral Poly Technik, CanFin Homes, Mayur Uniquoter and Kaveri Seeds.
HIS MISTAKES
A serious investor, he has learnt, should never try to make money by trading in the markets. Instead, one should build a corpus steadily over a period of time both via SIPs and by investing surplus funds as and when they become available. "Keeping an eye on the company's fundamentals is also critical," he says.
HIS STRATEGY
Ramachandran picks value stocks from the mid- and small-cap space and growth stocks from the largecap domain. When the fundamentals of a stock deteriorate, he exits it. He also exits stocks when he is overweight in equities and needs to pare his exposure to his pre-determined level of asset allocation. Among mutual funds, exits are determined by the fund's performance vis-a-vis that of its category.
HIS WINNERS

Sensex tanks 339 pts  Nifty ends below 8500; Infosys dragsDec 08, 2014, 04.49 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex tanks 339 pts, Nifty ends below 8500; Infosys drags
The broader markets dropped too; the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices slipped 1.2 percent and 0.9 percent, respectively. About 1141 shares advanced and 1803 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex tanks 339 pts, Nifty ends below 8500; Infosys drags
The broader markets dropped too; the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices slipped 1.2 percent and 0.9 percent, respectively. About 1141 shares advanced and 1803 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30pm Market Closing
Profit booking continued for another session on Monday with the Sensex losing 338.70 points or 1.19 percent to 28119.40 and the Nifty falling 100.05 points or 1.17 percent to 8438.25.
The broader markets dropped too; the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices slipped 1.2 percent and 0.9 percent, respectively. About 1141 shares advanced and 1803 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Infosys topped the selling list, down 4.84 percent followed by Sesa Sterlite, M&M, BPCL, Jindal Steel, Hindalco and TCS with 2.5-4 percent loss.
However, Coal India, ITC, Bharti Airtel, Cipla, Sun Pharma, Asian Paints, UltraTech Cement and ONGC bucked the trend, up 0.7-2.2 percent.
SpiceJet, Arvind, Alembic, BEML, NCC, Bombay Dyeing, Ashok Leyalnd, REC, Idea Cellular, Dish TV, JK Tyre and Crompton Greaves were top midcap losers, down 3-5 percent. However, Jet Airways, Pipavav Defense, JBF Industries, Suzlon and Sintex gained 3-10 percent.
03:15pm GVK in Focus
French bank Societe Generale has decided to suspend its involvement as an adviser in raising finance for the city-headquartered GVK group's Hancock Coal project in Australia.
According to a statement in the official twitter account of the French bank, "delay" in executing the project is the main reason for its opting out.
"In the context of the Alpha Coal project's delay, Societe Generale has decided, in agreement with GVK-Hancock, to suspend its mandate. The bank has therefore no involvement with the project," the Paris-based lender said.
Reacting to the announcement, GVK Hancock today said, "GVK Hancock has been working with Societe Generale on a specific element of the financing arrangements for our
projects, but is not currently working on that specific work package and as such does not require their services at this time.
"The key focus for our projects at this point in time is finalising our approvals and addressing litigious challenges to our attained approvals," said Josh Euler, manager,
corporate affairs, GVK Hancock Coal Pty Ltd.
GVK had, in 2011, acquired 79 percent stake in Alpha Coal and Alpha West Coal Project and 100 percent stake in the Kevin's Corner Project, Queensland, from Hancock Coal Pty Ltd, reports PTI.
03:00pm ONGC in News
The Sensex fell 325.43 points or 1.14 percent to 28132.67 and the Nifty dropped 96.35 points or 1.13 percent to 8441.95. About 1052 shares have advanced, 1815 shares declined, and 119 shares are unchanged.
In a big boost to ONGC, the Oil Ministry is reworking the fuel subsidy sharing formula to cut its payout by a quarter through adjustment of statutory oil cess against its share.
According to a new subsidy sharing formula, the payout of upstream oil producers like ONGC is to be reduced to the extent of Rs 4,500 per tonne oil development cess they pay to the government, sources privy to the development said.
The move to lessen the subsidy burden will give a flip to government's plan to sell 5 percent stake in Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) to garner about Rs 17,000 crore.
The cess in current fiscal will total Rs 10,500 crore and after accounting for Rs 31,926 crore that upstream firms ONGC and Oil India (OIL) have already paid in fuel subsidy in first half, their payout in remainder of the current fiscal will be no more than Rs 8,000 crore, reports PTI.
02:45pm CAD to be announced today
Current account deficit for Q2FY15 will be announced later in the day today. According to the estimates of economists polled by CNBC-TV18, CAD could widen to around USD 10 billion in Q2 compared to USD 7.8 billion in previous quarter.
This is assuming widening of the trade deficit sequentially to USD 37.3 bilion in Q2FY15 from USD 33.1 billion, along with accounting for trade surplus in services at USD 17.8 billion and assuming remittances and investment came in unchanged Q-o-Q. 
02:30pm Sesa Sterlite under pressure
Brokerage house Bank of America Merrill Lynch has cut its earnings estimates for metal and mining major Sesa Sterlite, and also the price target, citing falling crude and iron ore prices.
The brokerage has lowered earnings estimates for FY15-FY16 by 10-33 percent, and price target to Rs 268 from Rs 283 earlier.
“Sesa Sterlite offers leverage to our positive zinc and aluminium view. It should also gain from stronger zinc volume sequentially in second half (vs. first half) and the ramp-up of unproductive power and aluminium assets,” said the BofA note to clients.
“However, the weaker Cairn earnings outlook and coal cost pressure will dampen group profits, in our view. if oil stays at USD70/bbl, we estimate that there could be a further 11 percent downside to our FY16E EBITDA and 28 percent downside to our FY16e EPS (for Cairn),” the report said.
02:00pm Market Check
The market remained under pressure with the Sensex falling 281.74 points or 0.99 percent to 28176.36 and the Nifty losing 90.45 points or 1.06 percent to 8447.85, dragged by banks, technology, auto, metals and capital goods stocks.
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices fell nearly 0.9 percent. The market breadth was negative with the 1750 shares declining for 1075 shares advancing on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Infosys slipped nearly 5 percent as 3.3 crore shares were traded in multiple blocks this morning in the price range of Rs 1,988 to Rs 2014. Reports indicated that the founders offloaded stake worth USD 1.1 billion in the company for personal, philanthropic reasons.
Shares of TCS, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Larsen & Toubro, Mahindra & Mahindra, State Bank of India, Sesa Sterlite, Dr Reddy's Labs, Wipro, Tata Steel, Hindalco Industries and BHEL were down 1-3 percent. However, ITC, ONGC, Sun Pharma and Coal India bucked the trend, up 1-2 percent.
13:00

New steering system makes helicopters as easy to control as carsDec 08, 2014 at 05:13pm IST
New steering system makes helicopters as easy to control as cars
42
1
Berlin: Researchers have developed a new steering system that makes helicopters as easy to control as cars, an advance that could make personal flying vehicles an integral part of the urban transportation network in future.
Currently, only pilots who have undergone extensive training can fly a helicopter. In order to extend aerial flying to the general public, personal aerial vehicle (PAV) operation needs to be significantly simplified, with a greater degree of automation introduced.
European Union-funded researchers with the MYCOPTER project have now developed a steering system that makes helicopters as easy to control as cars.
In order to extend aerial flying to the general public, personal aerial vehicle operation needs to be significantly simplified, with a greater degree of automation introduced.
#steering system #cars #helicopters
The MYCOPTER project started in 2011 with the objective of developing a PAV ideally designed for travelling between the home and the workplace.
The project envisioned that the vehicle would fly at a low altitude in urban environments, be fully or partially autonomous without requiring ground-based air traffic control and would operate outside controlled airspace.
Current air traffic would therefore remain unchanged, ensuring that PAVs could be easily be integrated into the next generation of controlled airspace.
To achieve this, the project replaced the helicopter's cyclic stick, which is responsible for movements around the longitudinal and transverse axis, with a steering wheel.
Pilots simply need to turn the wheel in the intended direction.
The MYCOPTER team believes that this represents an important step in making PAVs more accessible to the general public.
Test models were implemented on unmanned aerial vehicles, motion simulators and a manned helicopter.
The success of the MYCOPTER project suggests that the eventual implementation of a Personal Aerial Transportation System (PATS) could be feasible, researchers said.
Such a system would have a beneficial impact on citizens' daily lives by helping to resolve issues related to traffic congestion and even environmental pollution, they said. The results of the project, due for completion at the end of 2014, were discussed at the German Aerospace Centre (DLR) in Braunschweig, Germany, last month. 12081527
18

Typhoon Hagupit: Storm churns towards Philippine capital after killing 23By: Associated Press | Manila |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:42 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 11:16 am
A storm that started as a frighteningly powerful typhoon started to blow away from the Philippines Tuesday, after leaving at least 21 people dead and forcing more than a million into shelters.
Typhoon Hagupit (pronounced HA’-goo-pit) dissipated into a tropical depression after crossing Lubang Island, 135 kilometers (84 miles) southwest of Manila, and was blowing into the South China Sea, forecasters said.
Batangas, the last major province lashed by Hagupit overnight, has so far not reported any casualties or major damage, echoing similar assessments from many central Philippines provinces spared of major losses.
“With God’s grace, there are zero casualties and no injuries because we were able to prepare,” said Mayor Rodolfo Manalo of Batangas’ idyllic San Juan town, a flood-prone coastal community popular for its beach resorts, where more than 2,800 villagers fled to a public gymnasium before the storm slammed ashore.
Many of the archipelago’s central provinces were still reeling from last year’s monster Typhoon Haiyan, which left more than 7,300 people dead or missing and a massive trail of destruction, fueling worries about Hagupit as it approached from the Pacific with menacing gusts of 250 kph (155 mph) last week.
Those concerns meant more than a million people readily fled from villages in the path of Hagupit _ Filipino for “smash” or “lash _ into government emergency shelters.
Hagupit left at least 21 people dead, many of whom drowned in Eastern Samar province, where the typhoon made its first landfall, according to the Philippine Red Cross. The government disaster-response agency has reported only 11 deaths, saying it was still verifying other reported casualties.
Although Hagupit blew in from the Pacific with enormous force, seasonal cold winds blowing down from China deprived it of the warm and humid seas where it draws power. The typhoon, the 18th to batter this disaster-prone country this year, slowly fizzled out.

Troubled SpiceJet cancels over 1 800 flights till December 31Dec 08, 2014 at 09:49pm IST
Troubled SpiceJet cancels over 1,800 flights till December 31
147
64
New Delhi: Cash-strapped SpiceJet has cancelled over 1,800 flights across the country for December, in signs of mounting troubles for the budget airline.
The air carrier, which is part of Kalanithi Maran-led Sun Group, has cancelled a total of 1,861 flights, a few to Kathmandu in Nepal and all others connecting domestic cities, till December 31, SpiceJet said in an update on its website.
These included 81 flights scheduled for Monday itself. The large-scale flight cancellations came at a time when the aviation regulator DGCA was considering issuing a show-cause notice to the airline for defying its directives
DGCA has asked the airline to stop taking bookings by Tuesday of more than one month in advance.
#spicejet #flights #cancellation #bankruptcy
regarding advance bookings.
DGCA has asked the airline to stop taking bookings by Tuesday of more than one month in advance.
Besides, Airports Authority of India (AAI) is said to be considering putting SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode soon if it does not furnish a bank guarantee against its dues to the airport operator, which stand at around Rs 200 crore.
While the regulatory actions might not immediately impact the airline's licence, it could force "a series of actions".
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, DGCA had on Friday also withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees within the coming 10 days.
Shares of SpiceJet, which tumbled 13 per cent in early trade today amid a flurry of negative news including fund drought and large-scale flight cancellations, closed with a loss of 4.39 per cent at Rs 15.25 apiece.
Union Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju also last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline. "We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
Experts said that SpiceJet needs to act fast to avoid problems like Kingfisher, which had to be grounded amid growing financial burden. SpiceJet reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs 310 crore.
147

Sonia Gandhi decides not to celebrate her birthday this yearDec 09, 2014 at 12:29am IST
Sonia Gandhi decides not to celebrate her birthday this year
45
0
New Delhi: Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who turns 68 on Tuesday, will not celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks in Jammu and Kashmir and Chhattisgarh respectively.
"In solidarity with the martyred Army and police personnel there, Gandhi has asked Congresspersons not to celebrate her birthday," the party said in a statement on Monday.
This is the first birthday of Gandhi after the last Lok Sabha elections, which saw a virtual rout of Congress nationwide at the hands of BJP.
This is the first birthday of Gandhi after the last Lok Sabha elections, which saw a virtual rout of Congress nationwide at the hands of BJP.
#sonia gandhi #congress #birthday #jammu and kashmir
Eleven security force personnel were killed in a predawn attack by militants on an Army camp in Uri area of Baramulla district in Jammu and Kashmir on December 5. All the six militants involved in the attack were also killed.
While Maoists had unleashed a major attack killing 14 CRPF personnel and injuring 12 others in Naxal-infested Sukma district of Chhattisgarh on December 1.
8

Modi wins TIME readers  poll for  Person of ...You are here: Home > Collections
Prime Minister Narendra Modi wins TIME readers' poll for 'Person of the Year' title
PTI Dec 9, 2014, 02.07AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba Group
(Modi has been named winner…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who did not make it to the final eight selected by TIME for the annual 'Person of the Year' title, has been hailed as one by its readers in an online poll conducted by the publication.
Modi has been named winner of this year's readers' poll for TIME 'Person of the Year', securing more than 16 per cent of the almost five million votes cast.
Protesters in Ferguson, who were demonstrating against a grand jury's decision not to indict white police officer Darren Wilson who shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in August ranked second with 9 per cent of the votes.
TIME said "a strong showing of readers from India" helped drive Modi's first-place finish.
"More people from the country voted than from any other country, with the exception of the United States," it said.
Readers from more than 225 countries participated in the online poll, with US votes leading the tally at 37 per cent, followed by India at 17 per cent, and Russia at 12 per cent.
TIME said Modi became Prime Minister in May after securing a landslide victory on a "platform of rebooting India's stalling economy."
"But his detractors have questioned his past record," it added.
Hong Kong protest leader Joshua Wong, Nobel Peace Prize-winner Malala Yousafzai and the doctors and nurses treating Ebola rounded out the top five.
A majority of votes, 60 per cent, came from desktop computers. Just over 35 per cent came from mobile devices, and 4.5 per cent of readers voted on tablets.
Modi, who "entered office this year on the promise of reviving the country's economy", however has not made it to the list of eight finalists shortlisted by TIME editors for the 2014 Person of the Year title, which will be announced on Wednesday.
Names of the eight finalists were announced by TIME editor Nancy Gibbs today.
Making it to the final eight are founder and CEO of the Alibaba Group Jack Ma , Apple CEO Tim Cook , pop star Taylor Swift, Ferguson protestors, Russian President Vladimir Putin , Ebola caregivers, National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell and President of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq Masoud Barzani.
The annual honour, that has been bestowed by the magazine since 1927, goes to the person who "most influenced the news" during the year "for better or worse."
Modi was among the 50 global leaders, business chiefs and pop icons named as contenders for the annual honour.
In a separate "Face-off" poll, Modi had been pitted against Indonesia's new president Joko Widodo. In this poll also, Modi maintained a significant lead and garnered 69 per cent votes in his favor as against Widodo's 31 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wider Q2 CAD no worry  rupee may push 63/USD by Mar: KotakDec 09, 2014, 11.43 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Wider Q2 CAD no worry, rupee may push 63/USD by Mar: Kotak
Even with a healthy external position, the rupee may not be able to fully weather the changing global currency dynamics, feels Kotak
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Wider Q2 CAD no worry, rupee may push 63/USD by Mar: Kotak
Even with a healthy external position, the rupee may not be able to fully weather the changing global currency dynamics, feels Kotak
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Brokerage house Kotak Securities sees the widening of current account in the September quarter was no major cause for concern as it was more than adequately financed by robust capital flows. For the current fiscal, the brokerage sees CAD improving to 0.9 percent of GDP, compared with 1.7 percent in FY14. Kotak is factoring in a 30 percent rise in gold import volumes this fiscal, but does not see it threatening the CAD position.
However, the brokerage sees the rupee facing depreciation pressure in line with other emerging market currencies.
“India has witnessed substantial external adjustment in recent months compared to most emerging markets. Consequently, INR (rupee) has remained relatively resilient even as strengthening DXY (dollar index) has recently pressurized the EM Asian currencies,” said the Kotak Securities note to clients.
“Even with a healthy external position, INR may not be able to fully weather the changing global currency dynamics. While India’s macro strength would prevent any sharp INR depreciation, we still expect USD/INR to push to 63.00 by end-March 2015,” the note said.
RELATED NEWS

CCI approves the proposed merger between Sun Pharma and RanbaxyCCI approves proposed merger between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 09, 2014 16:27 IST
The Commission had received a notice from Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy Laboratories in relation to the merger of Ranbaxy into Sun Pharma.
 
 
The Competition Commission of India (Commission) in its meeting held on 5th December, 2014 (05.12.2014) approved the proposed merger between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy, subject to the parties inter alia carrying out the divestiture of their products relating to seven relevant markets for formulations. Further, the Commission also directed that the proposed merger shall not take effect before the parties have carried-out the divestiture of the products so specified as per the order of the Commission.     
Earlier on 6th May, 2014(06.05.2014), the Commission had received a notice from Sun Pharmaceuticals Industries Limited (Sun Pharma) and Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited (Ranbaxy) in relation to the merger of Ranbaxy into Sun Pharma.
On the basis of combined market share of the parties, incremental market share as a result of the proposed combination, market share of the competitors, number of significant players in the relevant market etc., the Commission focussed its investigation on some relevant markets for formulations where the proposed combination was likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India.
In addition to these relevant markets, the Commission also investigated two pipeline products of Ranbaxy and possibility of any vertical foreclosure in the market for active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs). On the basis of the replies submitted by the parties, the Commission after having considered the same decided that the adverse effect of the proposed combination on competition can be eliminated by suitable modification under the provisions of the Competition Act, 2002.
Accordingly, the Commission in its meeting held on 05.12.2014 approved the proposed merger between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy, subject to the parties inter alia carrying out the divestiture of their products relating to seven relevant markets for formulations. Further, the Commission also directed that the proposed merger shall not take effect before the parties have carried out the divestiture of the products so specified as per the order of the Commission.
Dilip Shanghvi, Managing Director of Sun Pharma said, “The Order of the CCI approving the deal is an important milestone for the transaction. It revalidates our view that the Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy businesses complement each other with limited product overlap, and will offer a comprehensive product basket to enable future growth. We are pleased with the open and transparent manner in which the matter has progressed.”
Arun Sawhney, CEO & Managing Director of Ranbaxy said, “The approval by CCI is a significant step forward. We are confident that post closure, the combined entity will enable sustainable long term growth and deliver immense value for all stakeholders.” 

Delhi rape: After Uber  ban on Ola  TaxiForSure and TaxiPixiComments
Following a ban on Uber by the Delhi government after a female passenger accused one of its drivers of rape, three other private radio taxi services have also been disbarred from operating in the Capital.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
Besides Uber, Ola Cabs, Taxi for Sure and TaxiPixi have been banned for not being recognised by the Delhi transport department.
According to a transport department notification, only six radio taxi operators - Meru, Mega, Chanson, Yo, Air and Easy - are the only companies authorised to run radio taxi services in Delhi.
"All other transport service providers through web-based technology, who are not recognised, are prohibited from providing such services till they get licence from the transport department," the notification said.
Uber, Ola Cabs, TaxiForSure and TaxiPixi are mobile-application based cab booking services that operated in Delhi for the past few months. According to an estimate, close to 10,000 taxis are associated with these applications.
Delhi has close to 5,000 radio taxis run by six operators. Apart from this, a large number of economy taxis, which are operated by individual owners-drivers, too ply in Delhi and can be hailed from neighbourhood taxi stands.
A Delhi court sent the Uber taxi driver accused of raping the 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days.
The Delhi police are considering legal action against Uber for hiring the driver, who was arrested and jailed on allegations of sexual assault on a previous occasion, without running a background check.
Commuters say regulate cabs
The Delhi government's decision to ban the app-based cab booking service Uber has evoked strong reactions from the public.
"This is the only thing that can be expected from the government. Rather than regulating the cab services and making sure that implementation of law is better, they have decided to ban the service," said Kavita Kumar, a Delhi University teacher who is a regular Uber user.
Calling the government’s reaction kneejerk, a number of people questioned if banning was the solution to such crimes.
"If tomorrow someone gets raped aboard a bus, will you ban buses? This is not the way to deal with these problems. Have strict rules and make people follow those rules. Cabs are a great way for people to travel, especially at night. Banning them is just a way to say that people, especially women, should not go outside the house at night," said Manisha Yadav, a Delhi University student.
The outrage against the ban was also evident on websites such as Facebook and Twitter.
"Two months ago, an auto driver raped a mentally challenged girl in an auto. Did the government ban autos then?" said Suryanarayan Ganesh on Twitter.
A number of people also used the opportunity to make fun of the decision.
"India should ban India. There will be no rapes then," said one.

Govt to soon decide on easing FDI in medical devices sectorDec 09, 2014, 08.58 AM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt to soon decide on easing FDI in medical devices sector
FDI in medical devices sector is permitted through the government-approval route and the industry has been demanding that it be put under the automatic route.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt to soon decide on easing FDI in medical devices sector
FDI in medical devices sector is permitted through the government-approval route and the industry has been demanding that it be put under the automatic route.
Post your opinion here
 
The government is expected to soon take a decision on liberalising foreign direct investment (FDI) policy for the cash-starved medical devices sector.
The proposal to relax the policy was mooted by Commerce and Industry Ministry. The final note was sent to the Cabinet Secretariat and the Union Cabinet is likely to take up the issue this week, sources said.
The government is looking at relaxing the policy for the cash-starved medical devices sector so as to attract more investments and boost domestic manufacturing, they added.
"The Ministry has received comments from all concerned departments and ministries on the matter," another source said.
At present, the medical devices sector falls under the pharmaceutical category and is accordingly subjected to FDI limits and other conditions such as mandatory government nods.
India allows 100 percent FDI in pharma sector. While FDI is permitted through automatic route in the case of greenfield investment or new venture, the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) approval is required in the case of brownfield or in existing companies.
Besides, there are several other riders.
FDI in medical devices sector is permitted through the government-approval route and the industry has been demanding that it be put under the automatic route.
India needs FDI in medical devices and equipment sectors. According to industry experts, the sector is not modern and there is no threat of mergers and acquisitions from multi-national firms as domestic companies are not big unlike drug firms.
As per estimates, India imports about 70 percent of its requirement of medical devices. The industry size in the country is about USD 7 billion.
Medical devices include wide range of products such as sutures, implants and surgical instruments.
RELATED NEWS

IIT Delhi students turn down $125 000 offers for domestic firmsDec 09, 2014 at  11:49am IST
IIT Delhi students turn down $125,000 offers for domestic firms
62
1
New Delhi: Domestic offers seem to be gaining traction among some IIT Delhi students, who have turned down international offers with over $125,000 per annum packages to work within the home country.
As per details of the annual placement drive shared by the premier engineering institute, the first six days of placements have seen a 30 per cent increase in the total number of campus offers by companies this year.
Nearly 50 per cent of the batch got jobs during this period, said a statement issued by IIT Delhi.
The first six days of placements have seen a 30 per cent increase in the total number of campus offers by companies this year.
#iit #iit delhi #iit students #campus placement
"Some students rejected international offers including those with over USD 125,000 per annum as base pay this year opting to accept offers from either the company's counterparts in India or other firms with domestic offers on campus," it said.
A number of technology companies showed up in the first week rolling out high packages of over $100,000 per annum as base pay for international positions.
A few core companies also rolled out international offers.
Many Japanese companies visited the campus in the first week to recruit students. However, most of the offers have been for India with an overall increase in average packages for domestic profiles for the first week in the range 20-30 per cent, the statement said.
204

Kendriya Vidyalayas schools to teach Sanskrit in Classes XI  XIIDec 09, 2014 at  08:48am IST
Kendriya Vidyalayas schools to teach Sanskrit in Classes XI, XII
16
0
New Delhi: After replacing German with Sanskrit as third language from Classes VI to VIII, Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS) has decided to revive a policy of teaching Sanskrit in Classes XI and XII.
In a communication sent to all Kendriya Vidyalayas, the KVS asked them to hire teachers on contract basis for teaching Sanskrit.
Officials said though there was a policy of teaching Sanskrit as an elective subject, it was not being strictly followed and hence recruitment of Sanskrit teachers was stopped way back in 1980s.
"Sanskrit (core) will be offered as one of the options in lieu of an elective subject," said Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan.
#kendriya vidyalayas school #sanskrit #senior classes #elective subject
The decision of reviving Sanskrit as an elective in Classes XI and XII was taken at the 99th meeting of the Board of Governors of KVS held on October 27.
"The Board approved the proposal to offer teaching of Sanskrit language in Class XI from session 2015-16 in all KVs having senior secondary classes. Sanskrit (core) will be offered as one of the options in lieu of an elective subject. For this teachers may be appointed initially on contract basis," the communication said.
The government's decision of replacing German with Sanskrit had come under a lot of critisism from various quarters though HRD minister Smriti Irani asserted that they were abiding by the National Policy of Education and the three language formula.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court asked the Centre to clarify the implications of its decision to introduce Sanskrit in place of German as the third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas on students who will appear for the Class X board examination.
Observing that "no student should be put to difficulty" due to introduction of Sanskrit in the mid session, a bench of justices AR Dave and Kurian Joseph asked Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi to take instructions on the issue and brief it on December 16.
19

Brent hits 5-year low below $66 on oversuppl...Beijing
LONDON: Brent crude oil hit a fresh five-year low on Tuesday before steadying near $66 a barrel as some cautious buying emerged following a 43 percent price slide since June.
Fast-growing US shale output has hurt the ability of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to manage supplies, sending prices sharply lower in anticipation of a large oil glut early next year.
Supply and demand will set the price for oil in coming months, an oil official from the United Arab Emirates said on Tuesday, in the latest sign OPEC Gulf producers are ready to weather lower prices after declining to cut output last month.
"Although talks of oil reaching its bottom are more rampant, we fail to see a reversal coming without stronger fundamentals," Daniel Ang of Phillip Futures said in a note.
Brent crude for January delivery was up 2 cents at $66.21 a barrel by 0940 GMT after falling as low as $65.29, its weakest since September 2009. Brent had fallen fell by 4.2 percent or $2.88 on Monday in its third-largest one-day loss this year.
US crude was up 23 cents at $63.28 a barrel, bouncing after briefly hitting $62.25, its lowest since July 2009. It fell by 4.2 percent or $2.79 on Monday.
Industry sources said top OPEC exporter Saudi Arabia would keep crude sales at full contracted volumes for Asian term buyers in January, while the head of Kuwait's national oil company said on Monday oil would remain around $65 a barrel for months.
Norwegian brokerage DNB Markets said that excess supplies could push Brent down to the $50s in the first half of 2015 as it lowered its average year forecast by $10 to $70 per barrel.
Brent prices averaged around $110 between 2011 and 2013 and topped $115 in June. Losses accelerated in late November after OPEC decided against reducing its output target, despite its own forecasts of a surplus and calls from members including Iran and Venezuela to cut production.
Since then, Saudi Arabia and second-largest OPEC producer Iraq have both cut monthly prices for the United States and Asia, in a move some analysts say shows OPEC members are competing for market share.
New US projections show oil production from the big three US shale plays should grow by more than 100,000 barrels per day by January.
However, many shale companies are starting to make deep cuts to spending for next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

OMCs sell 5-kg LPG cylinder at Rs 150/kgOMCs sell 5-kg LPG cylinder at Rs 150/kg
OMCs sell 5-kg LPG cylinder at Rs 150/kg
Report stated that these cylinders are sold in select petrol pumps at market price of about Rs 350 per unit.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/omcs-sell-5-kg-lpg-cylinder-at-rs-150-kg-114120900012_1.html
December 09, 2014 08:49 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 09:55 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Sensex opens marginally in the red on weak Asian cuesSensex plummets 322 points on weak global cues; power, metal stocks trip
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 9:  
Extending their previous session losses, the BSE benchmark Sensex tumbled to over one-month closing low of 322.39 points to 27,797.01 on heavy selling by funds and retail investors due to weak global cues after crude oil dropped to fresh five-year lows.
Similarly, the NSE index Nifty dropped 97.55 points to end at 8,340.70.
Brokers' comment
Brokers said sustained selling by participants in blue-chip stocks that recently logged gains and a weak trend in global markets after oil prices skidded to fresh five-year lows led to the fall in domestic markets.
Trading sentiment was also dampened after current account deficit widened to $10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, in July-September quarter of this fiscal, up from 1.2 per cent a year-ago.
Sectoral indices
All BSE sectoral indices ended significantly in the red with power, metal, India infrastructure and PSU indices leading the downtrend. Among them, power index fell the most by 2.75 per cent, followed by metal 2.71 per cent, capital goods 2.29 per cent and India infrastructure index 2.28 per cent.
Gainers, losers
Dr Reddy's (1.53%), Sun Pharma (1.46%), M&M (1.21%) and TCS (0.15%) were the only four Sensex gainers, while the major losers were SSLT (5.24%), ONGC (4.29%), Bharti Airtel (4.24%), Tata Power (4.21%) and NTPC (3.54%).
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth Rs 4,984.60 crore yesterday, according to provisional data from the stock exchange.
European markets
European shares extendéd their previous session's losses on Tuesday, mirroring weaker equities in the United States and Asia, with a further drop in oil prices to a five-year low seen hurting energy stocks.
Asian markets
Asian stocks were mostly lower following a decline on Wall Street, though the losses were minor. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was off 0.36 per cent.
Japan's Nikkei eased 0.47 per cent, but that follows a run of strong gains which took it to its highest since July 2007. Chinese shares have also been on a tear with the CSI300 index of the largest listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen at levels last visited in 2011.
On Monday, the Dow had lost 0.59 per cent, while the S&P 500 fell 0.73 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.84 per cent.
Crude oil, gold
Brent crude slipped to its lowest in five years on Tuesday, dropping below $66 a barrel after plunging more than 4 per cent the day before on worries over a deepening supply glut.
Brent crude for January delivery was down 43 cents at $65.76 at 0257 GMT on Tuesday - its lowest since October 2009.
Gold gave up some of its overnight gains on Tuesday as the dollar recovered from losses and oil prices weakened, dampening the metal's appeal as a hedge.
Spot gold had slipped 0.2 per cent to $1,200.26 an ounce by 0036 GMT.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy gain on CCI approval of mergerSun Pharma, Ranbaxy gain on CCI approval of merger
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 09:42 AM IST
Shares of Drug majors Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy Labs are up 1% and 3% respectively on the BSE after the Competition Commission of India (CCI) approved the proposed merger between the abovementioned companies, which will result in a combined entity with annual sales worth $4.3 billion, making it the fifth-largest generic drug maker globally.
The CCI nod, however, came with a rider. To ensure there is no monopoly, the commission has asked the companies to sell assets relating to seven drugs. The asset divestment could be worth about Rs 50 crore, said analysts at Nomura Financial and Securities (India). The two companies will have six months to comply with the CCI’s condition.
Sun Pharma will have to divest all products containing tamsulosin and tolterodine, currently marketed and supplied under the Tamlet brand. For Ranbaxy, all products containing leuprorelin, marketed and supplied under the Eligard brand, will have to be divested. In case Sun Pharma doesn’t divest the distribution rights of Eligard within six months, it will have to divest its products containing leuprorelin that are currently marketed and supplied under its Lupride brand, according to the CCI report.
Ranbaxy will have to divest the brands Terlibax, Rosuvas EZ, Raciper L, Terlibax, Triolvance, Olanex F.
Sun Pharma shares opened at Rs 849, touched a high of Rs 854 on the BSE so far. 
Shares of Ranbaxy opened at Rs 643, touched a high of Rs 651 on the BSE so far. A total of 110,609 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.

Parliament Snippets: Cross-party bonhomieparliament
In the Rajya Sabha, as Coal Minister Piyush Goyal moved to withdraw the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Bill, 2000, a few members wanted to intervene. After Tapan Kumar Sen (CPI-M) and D. Raja (CPI) said they were against privatisation of coal mines, K.C. Tyagi (JD-U) also tried to make a point, but was not allowed by the Chair. To make himself heard, he said, “Sir you have allowed Raja, now allow praja (people),’’ and added, “D. Raja is the raja of proletariats”, to the amusement of many.
Cross-party bonhomie?
When the Lok Sabha broke for lunch, to everyone’s surprise, BJP MP Shatrughan Sinha walked across to the Congress benches. He first took Sonia Gandhi aside and spoke to her for a few minutes. He then talked to Leader of the Congress Mallikarjun Kharge – apparently, the actor-turned-politician told Mr. Kharge that he was impressed with the serious and grave way in which he made his points firmly in the House. A case of admiration from across the aisle? Or should something political be read into this case of cross-party bonhomie?
Tech-savvy as Gen Next
BJP veteran L.K. Advani, at 87, still walks ramrod straight, retaining the discipline and demeanour of a much younger man. He attends the Lok Sabha regularly. On Monday, he demonstrated that he is not only physically fit, he is also in tune with the Gen Next. During a lull in the proceedings, he took out his smart phone, and with a practised flick of his finger, checked his mail before putting it away much like his younger tech-friendly colleagues. Last week, when Biju Janata Dal’s Tathagata Satpathy rose to speak on The School of Planning and Architecture Bill, 2014, he did not pull out a sheaf of notes: instead he placed his IPad on his desk, occasionally glancing down as he spoke, swiping the screen.
She is no pushover
First-time BJP MP Poonam Mahajan, daughter of the late Pramod Mahajan, clearly has what it takes. As she rose to speak about the need to enhance the facilities at the Mumbai airport, RJD’s Pappu Yadav was still trying hard to get the Speaker’s attention. With an imperious wave of the hand, she admonished the startled RJD MP with a “Papu Bhaiyya”, who promptly sat down allowing her to speak without interruption.
A reminder
Once again, tension between the Trinamool Congress and the BJP in West Bengal was played out in the Lok Sabha when Kalyan Banerjee was making his point in the discussion on the Repealing and Amending (Second) Bill, 2014. As he looked at the members, Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Rajiv Pratap Rudy told him to address the Chair, which started an altercation between Mr. Banerjee and BJP member S.S. Ahluwalia in Bengali. Things came to such a head that Deputy Speaker M. Thambidurai had to say: “This is Parliament; not West Bengal Assembly.’’
Gargi Parsai, Smita Gupta & Anita Joshua

Assembly elections: Brisk polling in J-K  JharkhandComments
Millions of voters defied a separatist call to boycott assembly elections in Kashmir and voted amid tight security in the third phase of the polls on Tuesday, but the turnout was lower than the first two rounds with voters in separatist stronghold staying away.
Kashmiri voters queue at a polling station in Handwara, about 70 kms north of capital Srinagar. (AFP photo)
The Election Commission said 58% of voters turned up to cast their ballot, lower than record over 70% numbers in the first two phases when Kashmiris battled bone-chilling winter temperatures in a bid to keep the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from gaining in the Muslim-majority state.
Sixteen constituencies in the Valley went to the polls under the shadow of violence after 21 people were killed in a string of militant attacks last week, including one on an army camp in the border town of Uri, but that didn’t stop people in central Kashmir where the turnout was a high 73%. Uri recorded a record high turnout of 79% while the highest percentage in the state was in Charar-i-Sharief were 82% of people came out to vote.
Militant attacks and poll boycott cast a shadow on voter turnout in many areas including the separatist bastions of Sopore and Baramulla in North Kashmir and South Kashmir's Tral and Pulwama.
Sopore logged the lowest numbers at 30 percent while Tral and Pulwama recorded 38 percent voting and Baramulla was moderate at 45 percent. Sopore is the hometown of separatist leader Syed Ali Shah and Tral was one of the worse affected in Friday’s militant attacks, with two civilians killed and 10 injured in a grenade attack in a crowded market.
Many people said they were voting for peace and development in Kashmir which has been torn by a separatist revolt for about 25 years.
"We have borne the brunt of wars between the two countries. The Kashmir issue is too big and complex to be resolved by my vote. Our village got road this year only. Earlier we used to trek on foot. I am voting for a pakka road and hope to see some employment generation here," said Muhammad Hanief, a 50-year-old government employee.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and three of his cabinet colleagues are among 144 candidates whose fate will be decided in the third phase of polling spread across the three districts Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla districts.
The Abdullah scion, however, faces tough competition from Congress which is banking on the local credentials of candidate Nazir Ahmad Khan. Analysts say his National Conference is widely expected to lose in the face of deep anger in the state, especially since the devastating floods in September, while the Peoples Democratic Party is seen emerging as the single largest party in the 87-member assembly.
Some areas in South and North Kashmir witnessed stone pelting and a petrol bomb was hurled by unidentified men at a polling station in Gulmarg constituency. No casualties were reported in the incident, but polling was generally peaceful.
PDP patron Mufti Muhammad Sayeed said the massive turnout was "not only a message to the divisive forces but also an assertion to resolve problems democratically".
“Jammu and Kashmir is sending out a loud and clear massage not only to the divisive forces but also that it wants the problems facing the state resolved through the democratic process," Sayeed said in Khiram area of Bijbehara constituency.
Jharkhand too defied a Maoist call to boycott the polls with 61.35% of voters turning out to vote in 17 constituencies in a bid to end years of political instability in the state which has seen nine chief ministers and been under President’s Rule three times since it was created 14 years ago.
Barring a few incidents of exchange of gunfire between security forces and Maoists in Giridih district and clashes between two political parties in Ichagarh before polling began, the third round passed off peacefully.
A total of 289 candidates are contesting 17 out of the state’s 81 assembly seats, including former chief ministers Babulal Marandi, former deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato, former assembly speaker CP Singh and three cabinet ministers—Annapurna Devi, Rajendra Prasad Singh and Jaiprakash Bhai Patel.

Ralph Baer  the  Father of Video Games   dies at 92Dec 09, 2014 at 09:57am IST
Ralph Baer, the 'Father of Video Games,' dies at 92
41
1
Manchester, New Hampshire, USA: Ralph Baer, a video game pioneer who created both the precursor to Pong and the electronic memory game Simon and led the team that developed the first home video game console, has died. He was 92.
Baer, a longtime resident of Manchester, died at his home Saturday, the Goodwin Funeral Home in Manchester confirmed Monday.
Born in Germany, Baer escaped the Holocaust with his family.
In this July 2009 file picture, German-American game developer Ralph Baer shows the prototype of the first games console, invented by him during a press conference at the Games Convention Online in Leipzig, Germany.  (AP Photo/dpa,Jens Wolf,File)
#ralph baer #video games #gaming #father of video games
He started thinking about what later became the home video game console while working as a television set designer in the 1950s. In the next decade, he started working on television games as chief engineer for Sanders Associates, now BAE Systems.
That led to The Brown Box, which was licensed by Magnavox and came out with the Odyssey in the early 1970s. The console, which connected to a television, could play about two dozen games, including one called Table Tennis that was a precursor to Pong.
His son, Mark Baer, recalled playing early versions of video games on a small black and white TV perched on a shoe stand.
Baer received the National Medal of Technology from President George W Bush in 2006 and was inducted into the US National Inventors Hall of Fame in 2010.
Before inventing the system that became known as the Magnavox Odyssey, Baer said he often was asked by co-workers how the group would make any money from the project.
"People thought I was wasting my time and the company's money for that matter," he said in 2010. "There's no way anybody could have predicted how fast this industry would take off."
A version of The Brown Box is now at the American History Museum at the Smithsonian in Washington, DC. The Smithsonian plans to open a gallery next year with a focus on innovation and is including Baer's workshop.
Baer later formed his own consulting business, through which he created or assisted in developing numerous electronic toys and games. In Simon, still in production today, the player has to duplicate an increasingly complicated pattern of lights and sounds.
"He had all kinds of ideas," Mark Baer said, adding that his father had more than 150 patents for items such as cards that talked and a light gun.
"We stepped on the doormat that would talk back to you," he said. "He had a great sense of humour. He'd program it, like you can say anything you want, 'Welcome to my home,' or 'Hey, go away!'"
Mark Baer said his father was working on new ideas up until recently.
Ralph Baer told The Telegraph of Nashua in 2012 that he couldn't stop inventing.
"If you have it in your genes, it's almost like breathing," he said.
10

GLOBAL MARKETS-Oil dives to new depths  rush to safety aids yenGLOBAL MARKETS-Oil dives to new depths  rush to safety aids yen
Jet Airways  SpiceJet shares soar 5%Jet Airways, SpiceJet shares soar 5%
Reuters
December 9, 2014:  
Jet Airways shares surged on Tuesday in early trade.
At 10.05 am, Jet Airways shares were up 4.78 per cent or Rs 19.25 at Rs 421.90 on the BSE.
Shares are up 64.8 per cent since November 25, as of Monday's close.
Crude oil prices are down 4 per cent at a five-year low on oversupply worries.
Every $1/bbl fall in crude can boost company's FY16 operating profit estimate by 4-5 per cent, according to analysts. Weakness at rivals will also boost sales, say traders. SpiceJet has cut fleet size to save costs.
SpiceJet shares too were up 5.90 per cent or Rs 0.90 at Rs 16.15 on the BSE.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Rupee weakens to 61.89 in early tradeRupee trading a tad weak at 61.87, bonds headed for third straight day of gains
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 9:  
The rupee was trading a tad weak at 61.87 at 4.05 pm local time at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market on sustained dollar demand from banks and importers and weak domestic equity market.
After opening weak by 6 paise at 61.89 per against the previous close of 61.83, the domestic unit hovered in the range of 61.84 and 61.91 in the afternoon trade.
Forex dealers said besides dollar’s gains against other currencies in the global market, increased demand for the American unit from importers and a weak equity market, contributed to the rupee’s fall.
Besides, widening current account deficit to $10.1 billion or 2.1 per cent of GDP in July-September quarter of this fiscal, up from 1.2 per cent a year-ago, also weighed on the rupee sentiment.
The rupee had fallen from its two-week high and ended 6 paise down at 61.83 against the greenback in yesterday’s trade on fresh dollar demand from importers.
Bonds rise
The benchmark 10-year bond yield was down 2 bps at 7.90 per cent against the previous close of 7.92 per cent. The slump in global oil prices reinforced expectation of rate cut early next year.
Bond yields and their prices are inversely related.
The yield moved in a tight band of 1-2 bps.
Further gains appeared unlikely ahead of inflation data on Friday.
Yield fell to 7.89 per cent, a level last seen on July 15, 2013.
The 10-year bond yield is seen in 7.87-7.91 per cent band until close.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

FDI in Insurance: Max India gains 4%FDI in Insurance: Max India gains 4%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 10:04 AM IST
Max India has rallied 4% to Rs 400 in early morning deal on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), after the Parliamentary Select Committee gave its recommendations on amendments to the Insurance Act that seek to raise foreign direct investment (FDI) cap to 49%.
The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2008, proposes to increase FDI limit in the insurance sector to 49% from the existing 26%.
The approval to hike the FDI limit from the current 26%, a proposal which has been pending since 2008, is expected to attract long term capital, besides improving the overall investment climate, PTI report suggests.
Once the Insurance Bill is passed, the foreign investment ceiling in pension sector too would increase to 49%, added the report.
The stock opened at Rs 398 and touched a high of Rs 402 on BSE. A combined 300,983 shares changed hands on the counter till 1000 hours on BSE and NSE.

Cairn India slips after Macquarie downgrades the stockCairn India slips after Macquarie downgrades the stock
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 10:05 AM IST
Shares of Cairn India have dropped over 1% to Rs 255 on the BSE after a global investment banking and diversified financial services group, Macquarie downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "outperform".
Since, Cairn and its JV partners’ account for more than a fifth of India’s domestic crude oil production, it is most exposed to crude prices.
According to Macquarie, an increase in government share, end of income tax holiday in FY17, and a backended uptick in projected production profile are fundamental factors resuting in the downgrade.
The stock opened at Rs 256, touched a high of Rs 257 and a low of Rs 254 on the BSE. A total of 53,895 shares changed hands on the BSE so far.

Jharkhand: Third phase of voting begins for 17 AssemblyconstituenciesBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 10:41 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 9:00 pm
Moderate polling has been recorded in the first four hours of voting in 17 Assembly constituencies spread across eight districts of Jharkhand with about 30 per cent of the electorate exercising their franchise. But the figure rose to 61% at the end of the third phase polling in Jharkhand.
Polling has been incident-free so far, barring protest by villagers in three booths of Simaria constituency for about 15 minutes demanding basic amenities such as water, road and electricity, officials said.
The villagers in booth numbers 147,148 and 149, however, exercised their franchise soon after the district officials assured to look into their grievances, the officials said.
Jharkhand Governor Syed Ahmed and Chief Minister Hemant Soren cast their votes for Ranchi and Hatia assembly segments.
While Koderma registered 36.41 per cent votes, Barkatha registered 25.20, Barhi 32.80, Barkagaon 25.10, Ramgarh 29.50, Mandu 27.50, Hazaribagh 24.50,Simaria 30.56, Dhanwar 32, Gomia 30, Bermo 27.46, Ichagarh 40, Silli 43.14, Khijri 35.59, Ramgarh 31.94, Ranchi 31.94, Hatia 10.25 and Kanke 26.71 per cent.
Former chief minister Babulal Marandi(Dhanwar), ex – Assembly Speaker C P Singh (Ranchi) and three incumbent ministers — Finance Minister Rajendra Prasad Singh (Bermo), Water Resources Minister Annapurna Devi (Kodarma) and Drinking & Sanitation Minister Jaiprakash Bhai Patel (Mandu) are among the 289 candidates who are in the fray on Tuesday.
Eight MLAs are seeking re-election in this phase.
Polling was going on smoothly at Ichagarh constituency where JVM (Prajatantrik) candidate and sitting MLA Arvind Kumar Singh and 11 others were arrested following a clash between his party supporters and BJP workers in adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district in the early hours on Tuesday.
DIG (Kolhan) Md Nehal said the incident had nothing to do with the polls.
While polling will end at 3 PM in 14 constituencies, it will continue till 5 PM in Ranchi, Hatia and Kanke constituencies.
A 50,16,657-strong electorate, including 23,55,728 women, are eligible to exercise their franchise.
Security forces are keeping a vigil in the Maoist-hit areas where 1,957 booths have been marked as highly sensitive and 1,477 as sensitive booths.
Polling for 33 of the 81 seats was held on November 25 and December 2 which registered 61.92 per cent and 64.68 per cent turnout respectively.

Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy up 3% post CCI nod on dealSun Pharma, Ranbaxy Laboratories rallies over 3% post CCI nod on deal
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 9, 2014, 11.01AM IST
Tags:
Bombay stock exchange
(Sun Pharmaceutical Industries,…)
NEW DELHI: Sun Pharmaceutical Industries , Ranbaxy Laboratories rose over 3 per cent each in intraday trade on Tuesday, after the Competition Commission of India approved the acquisition of generic drugmaker Ranbaxy by bigger rival Sun Pharma on the condition that the companies divest seven select brands in the Indian drug market.
Reacting to the news, Sun Pharma rose as much as 3.04 per cent, while Ranbaxy Laboratories rallied as much as 3.96 per cent on the Bombay Stock Exchange .
The CCI nod also clears the way for the largest deal in pharmaceutical sector, creating the No. 1 drug company in India with a market share of 9 per cent and the fifth largest generic drug firm globally. Sun agreed to acquire Ranbaxy in April in a $4 billion all-stock deal.
According to a rough calculation by ET, the seven brands indicated in the competition watchdog's order for divestment would be roughly earning about Rs 50 crore for their parent companies annually, implying a negligible impact on the merged company.
Raw data for this was gleaned from last year figures of Aiocd Awacs, a pharma marketing research firm. The brands CCI has identified include Tamlet, Rosuvas EZ, Eligard, Terlibax, Olanex F, Raciper L and Trioolvance, added the report. A company statement noted that these products constitute less than 1% of the combined entity's revenues in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jet Airways hits 52-wk high on lower crudeThis is easy! Register on Economictimes.com and get the member badge.
Member
Make Economictimes.com your financial news hotspot. Visit us every day to earn this Badge!
Super Surfer
Link your Times profile with your FB and Twitter accounts.
Power Networker
Keep the conversation going through your Comments & Replies to get this badge.
Biz Smith
Share Czar
Share News, Articles, Stock info on Economictimes.com with your friends on Facebook, Twitter or Hotklix and become a Share Czar! 'Recommending' and 'liking' links on our site also qualifies.
Share Czar
Inboxer
Subscribe to the Economictimes.com newsletters & guess what! You get additional points for opening the newsletter or clicking on a link.
Inboxer
Biz Influencer
Your opinion matters. Get the Biz Influencer Badge when other users 'Recommend' or 'Agree' with your comments.
Biz Influencer
Be the opinion! Participate in a poll and get this badge.
Poll Star
Read/watch business articles, videos & slideshows and become a BizPundit.
Biz Pundit
Share your opinions in market through Comments & Replies in the ET market section.
Market Buff
Read market articles and watch more videos and slideshows be a Market Guru!
Market Guru

Raped accused taxi driver threatened victim with iron rodEYE BROWSE
Rape accused taxi driver threatened victim with iron rod
The driver accused in the Uber rape case revealed to the police that he had threatened the victim with an iron rod.
Yahoo India –  Tue 9 Dec, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: In what appears to be a chilling similarity to the fatal 2012 gang rape of a woman aboard a moving bus, the driver accused in the Uber rape case revealed to the police that he too had threatened the victim with an iron rod.
According to a report in The Times of India , the woman was partying with her friends at a pub in Gurgaon and, around 9.00 pm, left for a friend's place in Vasant Vihar. It was from here she booked a cab for home.
On her way, the victim fell asleep in the cab and suddenly awoke to find the driver on the rear seat, attempting to molest her.
The report quotes from her statement: 'I tried to push him away and looked around to find the car at a desolate spot. He slapped me a few times and scratched me on the face and neck during the scuffle. When I tried to scream, he pressed my mouth and threatened to kill me. He said 'sariya ghusa doonga pet mein agar chillayi toh' (I will thrust an iron rod into your stomach if you scream). I pleaded with him not to harm me.'
The report further adds that, after raping her, the driver took away her phone but returned it with the warning that the victim should keep mum about the incident.
The victim managed to note down the driver's number and take a photograph of his car.
India Today reported that the driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, was planning to flee to Nepal before being arrested by the Delhi police in the nick of time.
A senior police official told India Today: He had purchased a new mobile phone and SIM card in Mathura and was in touch with them through that. He had told them that he had had an altercation with someone and they were trying to implicate him in a false case so they should leave their rented accommodation in Chandrapuri locality of Mathura. He was collecting money to either flee to Nepal or Gorakhpur.'
Character certificate of 'rapist driver' fake: Police
Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi told reporters that the character certificate recovered from the driver was fake and it was not issued by the police.
He said the certificate has the signature of an additional deputy commissioner of police, who was not deputed on that date in south Delhi.
"We are trying to find out how the accused got a fake character certificate. Action will be taken against those involved in making such certificates," Bassi said.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, 32, managed to get the certificate, which was typed on the letter head of an additional deputy commissioner of police of south Delhi May 26, 2014.
The certificate, a copy of which was accessed by IANS, has the signature of south Delhi's additional deputy commissioner of police with a stamp of Notary Public. It also has Delhi Administrative National Act registration number 0779.
In the certificate, the accused is named as Shiv Kumar Yadav, the son of Ram Nath Yadav, and his address as C-II/89, Rajiv Park, First floor, Devli Road in Ambedkar Nagar area in south Delhi.
"Shiv Kumar Yadav is not involved in any criminal offence as per the records of Ambedkar Nagar police station," the certificate reads.
Charge sheet to be filed in 3 weeks
Delhi Police is ready to make a water-tight charge sheet in the case of rape of a 27-year-old financial analyst, and is likely to file it within three weeks, a police official said.
"The incident happened Friday night and we cracked the case next day. And we also managed to zero in on the accused from his native place at Uttar Pradesh's Mathura. Now, we will try to file the charge sheet within three weeks," a senior official told IANS.
The woman was raped Friday night by a global taxi company's cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, while she was on her way home in north Delhi's Inderlok area from Gurgaon in Haryana where she works in a private company. (Agencies)
Recommend

Hang the driver  not UberHang the driver  not Uber
What the SpiceJet COO has to say on the mounting crisisHi Guest
What the SpiceJet COO has to say on the mounting crisis
The amount SpiceJet owes its vendors is much lower than what has been reported in the media, according to the crisis-hit airline’s chief operating officer Sanjiv Kapoor. He tells Business Standard (who met him before the board meeting on Monday) that the carrier will surmount the present crisis very soon. Edited excerpts: It was reported that SpiceJet’s pending dues to vendors, airports, and lessors exceed Rs 1,600 crore (Rs 16 billion). How does the airline propose to clear it? ...

Vishal Sikka s game plan for InfosysHi Guest
Vishal Sikka's game plan for Infosys
Sikka is clear about Infosys acquiring technologies of "tomorrow".   Image: Vishal Sikka, Infosys CEO. Photograph: Courtesy, Gregor Wolf/Wikimedia Commons  As Vishal Sikka settles down at the head of Infosys, he is slowly unveiling his strategy. The overarching aim: to take it into the future and not keep doing the same old things in the same way with incremental improvements. Sikka has spelt this out by declaring that the company will acquire the technologies of "tomorrow", not "yesterday".

Australia vs India 1st Test Live Score: Clarke Retires Hurt  But Warner Serene aWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
Australia vs India 1st Test, Day 1 As it Happened: Warner and Smith Impress, But Late Wickets Quell Surge
1.03 pm: That's all for today folks. Australia the dominant team on Day one in Adelaide, even if India did pull it back quite well towards the end. David Warner showed just why he is such a good, and seriously underrated Test, cricketer with an ...

Israeli company to expand operations in IndiaIsraeli company to expand operations in India
Sensex  Nifty fall in early tradeSensex  Nifty fall in early trade
Neo Corp InternationalCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Markets Live: Sensex trading marginally in the red on weak Asian cues; metal stocks lose shineWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Slow start to $10bn Indian state sell-off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ff465a8-7c84-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No incremental change in Infys strategy: AmbitCapitalFalling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets
Infosys’ management reiterated its medium-to-long-term target of achieving industry-leading revenue growth (15-18%) and margins (25-28%).
It also retained its near-term margin guidance of 24-26%. The company plans to achieve this through the “renew-new-education” approach, i.e. renew existing capabilities, build new ones and educate employees on new methodologies.
There was no incremental change in the strategy highlighted in the post-results conference call and hence we remain sellers. We argue that whilst the turnaround appears to be priced in (just 18% valuation discount to TCS despite lower revenue growth), the odds are significantly against this (low exposure to fast growing segments, weakened market positioning in key segments, same strategy as Infosys 3.0 which failed in the past).
Sikka reiterated that Infosys aims to achieve industry-leading growth and margins by FY17. Although the company said that it would enumerate the outlays required for its new initiatives during April 2015, it retained margin guidance of 24-26%.
Amongst the verticals, continued weakness was seen in the retail, telecom and life sciences during the quarter. Further, due to decline in global commodity prices, energy and utilities and mining have been soft.
The company said that early indications suggest that client budgets for 2015 will be the same or marginally lower as the current year.
By Ambit Capital
TAGS: Infosys
More from markets
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

Profit-taking halts 6-week party on DalalStreetDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
The benchmark indices ended marginally in the red on Friday ahead of the US jobs data. The markets ended their 6-week winning streak with the 50-unit S&P CNX Nifty ending 0.3% lower to 8,538.3 points and the BSE Sensex ending below the 28,500-mark.
On Friday, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold shares worth $17 million, while the domestic institutional investors bought $26.78 million, according to provisional data on the exchanges. In YTD, FIIs have bought more than $16 billion worth of shares.
On Friday, the 30-share BSE Sensex ended lower by 104.72 points or 0.4% to 28,458.1 points.  The market fall was led by declines in Dr Reddy’s Laboratories, which fell over 2.2%. Export-oriented stocks were under pressure as the rupee showed some recovery. TCS (-2.2%), Sun Pharma (-2.2%), Wipro (-2.19%), Cipla (-1.7%) and Infosys (-1.5%) were among the major Sensex losers. The rupee rebounded 0.24% to end at 61.78 against the dollar.
It was a dismal week, with the benchmark indices retreating for 4 out of 5 sessions and the BSE Sensex ending lower by 0.8% or 235.89 points. On Monday, the markets ended 0.5% lower as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) left the key rates unchanged.
Among its peers, most of the Asian markets edged higher on Friday. The Shanghai Composite rose the most with 1.4% gains. The Nikkei (0.2%), Straits Times (0.6%), Jakarta Composite (0.2%) and Hang Seng (0.7%) all ended in the green. Key European indices were trading in the green at 7.35 pm IST.
Back home, 22 of the 30 Sensex stocks ended in the red on Friday. In the broader market, breadth was weak with 1,603 stocks traded on the BSE ending lower compared with 1,358 advances. Most of the 12 BSE sectoral indices ended in the red. The BSE IT (1.8%), BSE Healthcare (-1.4%), BSE Oil & Gas (-0.6%) and BSE Capital Goods (-0.4%) were among the major losers.
The NSE cash turnover on Friday stood at R17,152.4 crore, while the turnover in the F&O segment stood at R1.28 lakh crore.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Modi struggles in first big reform battleModi struggles in first big battle of reform campaign
Victor Mallet and Avantika Chilkoti in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8cd7aeae-7df3-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

As India struggles to rediscover growth  is luck on Modis sideSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Traders build bearish bets: Are we in for a correctionAngel Broking
(The volatility index, which…)
MUMBAI: Is the market poised for a correction? Some seasoned options traders, who watch sentiment indicators in equity derivatives closely, are building bearish bets on the Nifty as volatility expectations are near all-time lows. When implied volatility — a measure of traders' expectations of near-term risks based on options value — drops, it means very few traders are anticipating a drop in the market. But when implied volatility drops to lows, the experienced on Dalal Street see it as a sign of a possible reversal in sentiment.
The volatility index (VIX), which measures the implied volatility (IV) of Nifty options, fell to 11.95 on Friday. It hit a low of 11.56 on September 22. From the day the VIX hit this level, the Nifty corrected almost 5 per cent in a month. Simultaneously, this gauge also jumped to 16.4 per cent. Typically, the market and VIX move in opposite directions. The index has largely moved between 12 and 16 in the last three months.
Analysts said cautious traders have made a mental note of the decline in VIX, coupled with the heavy creation of positions in Nifty options.
"The market is heavier on the long side and IVs (implied volatilities) are near alltime lows. It is a clear sign that people have become complacent. The market has very little legs to go ahead," said Siddarth Bhamre, head, derivatives, Angel Broking .
"We are advising clients to build some shorts in the Nifty." Total open interest in Nifty options on Friday was close to 22.8 crore while it was 9.8 crore on the same day last month. Analysts said it is unusual to see such a sizeable position build-up earlier in the series.
"Some of the options data points are worrisome. There is too much optimism in the market. But nobody really knows whether the markets will come down," said V Balasubramanian, senior fund manager, IDBI Mutual Fund .
The consensus does not believe that a correction is in the offing because of the unabated flows from foreign and domestic institutional investors though stock valuations have turned pricey. Foreign portfolio inflows have slowed a bit in December so far, but that has not dampened the sentiment yet. "As long as there is no major supply of paper, IVs are likely to remain low. There is a lot of money flowing from domestic institutions," said Nilesh Shah, managing director and chief executive of Axis Capital .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lack of depth in Indian equity market cause of concernLack of depth in Indian equity market cause of concern
Ranjit Shinde, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 11.29AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The BSE 500 has a market cap…)
MUMBAI: The lack of depth has often been cited as a major concern in the development of Indian equity market . The latest analysis by ET Intelligence Group offers more evidence that despite increasing interest of foreign institutional investors, Indian stock market continues to be dominated by a handful of companies with a large market capitalisation.
According to the analysis, the combined market capitalisation of the 10 largest companies is one fourth, 28.4 per cent, to be precise, of the total market cap of S&P BSE 500 companies. A similar analysis of S&P 500, which comprises large US companies, shows that top 10 companies form 17.4 per cent of the market cap of the entire index. A lack of market depth becomes a major concern in a growing economy since it tends to increase the impact on cost of trades. This is because more funds chase a smaller pool of individual stocks , thus increasing price volatility.
The BSE 500 has a market cap of Rs 94.3 lakh crore or $1.52 trillion. The US S&P 500 has a much bigger size with $18.9 trillion in market cap. The gap reflects the difference in the size of the respective economies; the US economy is nearly 10 times as big as the Indian economy. The concentration of larger companies increases further with top 50 companies of BSE 500 forming 60.9 per cent of the total index m-cap. At 76 per cent concentration, top 100 companies contribute three out of every four rupees of the total market cap of the index. In the case of the US S&P 500, top 100 companies contribute 63 per cent of the total m-cap of the index.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How mutual fund investors are pulling the profit  triggerAxis Mutual Fund
(Many investors are betting…)
MUMBAI: First-time investors in equity mutual funds as well as those who do not have time to monitor investments regularly are using the so called trigger mechanism to manage their money. Triggers allow investors who are not sure when to book profits to exit their investments at a pre-determined level. With stock market at record highs, this system is gaining popularity among new investors.
"Many new investors are using triggers as a tool in this current rally to ensure they book actual profits and not merely mark-to-market (MTM) gains," said Anup Bhaiya, director, Money Honey Financial Services, a Mumbai-based distributor. According to distributors, many investors are betting on the Nifty touching 10000 and have set up these triggers to exit and shift to debt mutual funds when that target is hit.
While some investors are using triggers in existing mutual fund schemes, others are comfortable subscribing to NFOs which trigger an exit when their target is reached. Last year, Union KBC launched a close-ended fund which booked profits when it made 30 per cent gains. Currently, Baroda Pioneer Mutual Fund's Trigger Fund NFO is open for subscription. This fund will book profits and wind up the scheme if its NAV will move up by 50 per cent or at the end of 3 years, whichever is earlier.
"Triggers help create a mechanism to monetise gains, which investors may otherwise miss out on. It gives investors financial freedom to take a call to continue with the fund or not," said Kiran Deshpande, COO and CFO, Baroda Pioneer Mutual Fund.
Triggers help investors maintain a disciplined investment approach that ensures investment goals are met. In addition to these, there are a host of trigger facilities which various mutual funds offer. Axis, Edelweiss, SBI, UTI, Quantum all offer a combination of time-, value- or event-based triggers to investors.
"New investors and people who don't have the time to monitor their investments are using triggers. Predetermined triggers help investors take action on their investments," said Vikaas Sachdeva, MD and CEO, Edelweiss Mutual Fund. For example, Edelweiss Mutual Fund has a capital appreciation-based trigger facility where investors can switch their gains.
 
Investors can switch a pre-determined percentage of capital appreciation in an equity fund to an arbitrage fund, liquid fund or a debt fund. They can select 5 per cent, 10 per cent, 25 per cent, 50 per cent, 75 per cent or 100 per cent as the percentage of capital appreciation, which needs to be switched. Alternatively, investors can switch in money on dips into an equity mutual fund scheme. For this, the fund has a pre-paid SIP Facility through an Auto Debit Mandate.
This will enable investors to invest a pre-determined amount whenever there is a fall in CNX Nifty Index /CNX Midcap Index level by a certain percentage. The investor can select 0.50 per cent, 1 per cent or 2 per cent as the percentage of fall in the index level.
Axis Mutual Fund has a facility where investors can set up a trigger on the Nifty or as and when the scheme appreciates or depreciates by a particular percentage. Investors waiting for a correction have set up triggers to enter if the Nifty falls to 8000. Financial planners recommend that many investors set up goal-based triggers. For example, an investor who needs Rs 7.5 lakh for meeting the expenses of his child's higher education after 5 years and invests Rs 5 lakh in an equity scheme for this, can set up a trigger to shift to debt once his equity corpus crosses Rs 7.5 lakh. This helps as the dream of your child's higher education will be met even if the market were to crash subsequently.
FEATURED ARTICLES

10 cool smartphones launched in November 201410 cool smartphones launched in November 2014
1/11
10 smartphones launched in November
8 Dec, 2014
Tweet
ET Bureau
With smartphones becoming increasingly affordable, it's no surprise to see almost every other person carrying one. Smartphone launches happen in dozens and it's difficult to keep oneself up-to-date about what's the latest gadget to get your hands on.
ET takes a look at 10 cool smartphones launched in November 2014:

Here s how Indian Navy is helping water crisis-hit MaldivesHere's how Indian Navy is helping water crisis-hit Maldives
8 Dec, 2014
Tweet
Text: PTI
An Indian Navy vessel and an Air Force aircraft carrying nearly 1,000 tonnes of fresh water reached Maldives' capital Male as India mounted a major effort to help the Maldivian capital that is reeling from an acute shortage of drinking water after its lone desalination plant caught fire.
In pic: Indian Air Force personnel load emergency supplies of bottled water onto a Boeing C-17 heavy transport aircraft, bound for the Maldives after a fire at a desalination plant affected water supplies in Male.

16 people whose incredible work ethic paid off16 people whose incredible work ethic paid off
7 Dec, 2014
BusinessInsider.in
It's nice to be talented, but the old saying is true: "Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard."
Despite their obvious gifts, successful people like Kobe Bryant, Tim Cook, and Sheryl Sandberg wouldn't be where they were today without having insane work ethics.

Infosys founders seeking $1.1 billion via stake sale: Sourcebook runner
(Four of the original founders,…)
HONG KONG: Some of the founders of Infosys Ltd want to sell shares for $1.1 billion in the Indian IT outsourcing company, a person familiar with the matter said, months after the company picked its first outsider as chief executive officer.
Four of the original founders, co-founders and their families are offering 32.6 million shares in Infosys at a fixed price of 1,988 rupees ($32) each, a 4 per cent discount to Friday's close, the person said.
Deutsche Bank is the sole book runner of the sale and the books were covered just after the launch, said Thomson Reuters publication IFR. It named the founders as Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, S.D. Shibulal and K. Dinesh.
The person declined to be named as the matter remained confidential and Infosys executives were not immediately available for comment.
Infosys, established by seven engineers in 1981, chose Vishal Sikka as its CEO in June in a bid to overhaul a company that was once the poster child of India's $100-plus billion IT services industry but which had in recent years scrambled against rivals for low-margin contracts.
Some investor said Infosys failed to move up the value-chain due to its risk averse management team which was largely comprised of the company's founders and co-founders.
Most of these executives have left the company since Sikka took office in August.
The founders and their families held a combined 91.5 million shares, or nearly 8 per cent of Infosys' outstanding shares, according to the company's annual report.
Infosys shares are up 18.8 per cent so far this year, while the benchmark Indian share index is up about 35.4 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infy founders Murthy  Nilekani may team up for philanthropyShare sale by Infosys founders could see Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani come together for philanthropy
Varun Sood & Jochelle Mendonca, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 01.54PM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(Narayana Murthy and Nandan…)
BANGALORE/MUMBAI: The co-founders of Infosys have sold about 33 million shares for about Rs 6,500 crores, in a move that could see them coming together to set up a philanthropic venture.
Narayana Murthy and Nandan Nilekani sold about 12.0 million shares, according to Deutsche Bank, which was the book-running agent on the sale. K Dinesh sold about 6.2 million shares. K Shibulal sold 2.4 million shares.
"At this point we do not have any such plans (to come together to form a philanthropic venture). But in the past, like in the case of Infosys foundation and several other activities, we have participated together. It always a pleasure to work with these wonderful colleagues," Narayana Murthy, co-founder of Infosys, told ET.
Murthy added that they were looking at 'various interesting opportunities and ideas to add value to the country' but that it would be premature to comment at this point.
Nandan Nilekani said the sale was not a signal of the founders' faith in the company.
"We have sold a part of our stake for personal reasons and to continue our philanthropic efforts. Even after this sale our family continues to be one of the largest retail shareholders. We have great confidence in the future of Infosys and its leadership team," Nilekani told ET.
Shares of Infosys dropped 5% on news of the share divestment, but analysts say that the move is an over-reaction.
"A share sale by these guys should not be looked at as a negative as they are not financial investors. They are looking at selling for their own purposes, which could see them coming together for a philanthropic venture," a Mumbai-based analyst, at a foreign brokerage, said.
In October, the Infosys founders informed the company that they wish to be considered as investors and not promoters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Block deal pressure good opportunity to buy InfosysYou are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Block deal pressure good opportunity to buy Infosys
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 8, 2014, 05.55PM IST
Tags:
Barclays
(Infosys was witnessing…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT major Infosys saw intense selling pressure through the day, following a huge block deal on the counter. Four founder members of the company have sold 25 per cent stake of their holding to raise $1.1 billion.
They sold 3.23 crore shares at a fixed price of Rs 1,988 per share in 16 block deals through Deutsche Bank . The block deal was at 4 per cent discount to Friday's closing price.
The stock has been recently down on profit booking as investors booked profits after the stock started trading ex-bonus on the exchanges.
The stock closed the session on Monday at Rs 1,968.60; down 4.88%, at Rs 101.10.
However, the sharp correction in the stock should be utilized by investors to buy the stock. According to dealers, the stock may see an upmove of over Rs 100 in the next 3-4 days.
This means that the stock can return over 5% in 3-4 days, as the experts say, if we calculate from today's intraday low of 1,967.55.
The overhang of the block deal is expected to be short-lived.
"There is still a pent-up demand for this erstwhile bellwether for the IT sector. As we have said earlier, a lot of new long only money that is going to come into India will definitely find way into names like Infosys and SBI," said Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital to ET Now.
"From that point of view, if you like a three-year view, then you must be looking at Infosys. Sikka seems to be making good amount of news as well as work. So I would imagine that there is interest in the stock with the three-year view," Bhatnagar added.
The company recently held analysts' meet and most analysts remain bullish on the company's growth prospects after Vishal Sikka took over as the CEO and MD. Dr Sikka reiterated that Infosys continues to be on track to return to industry levels of growth by June 2016.
Analysts at Barclays Research are of the view that the management's top down strategy at the meet suggested the revival will be driven by higher revenue productivity led by adoption of AI and automation and investments in sales force leading to better account mining and large deal wins.
"While contribution of new services to the top-line will likely be minimal, pursuing these initiatives has helped the company to establish a strategic dialogue with its clients. We maintain our OW rating and adjust our target price to Rs 2,500, to account for the 1:1 bonus issue," the report added. Analysts are bullish on the company's growth outlook as the management reiterated its focus on renewing the existing business, while focusing on new business simultaneously.
"We expect the company to report an EPS of Rs 107.9 and Rs 123.2 in FY15e and FY16e, respectively. We also introduce our FY17e EPS estimate of INR140.1, implying a three-year EPS CAGR of 14.6%. The stock is currently quoting at FY16e and FY17e PER of 17.1x and 15.0x, respectively. We reiterate Buy rating on the company with a target price of INR 2,382, based on 17x FY17e EPS," said an Antique Stock Broking report. CLSA has a 'Buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2500.
"We were impressed by the fresh vision from a round of new faces heading key verticals and sources of differentiation around analytics and digital. Infosys is clearly exploiting its latent strengths in training and talent to catapult it back to industry leadership," said a CLSA report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese imports fall as demand slidesChinese imports fall as weak investment saps demand
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cdf70e08-7e8d-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi in great power gameIndia’s Narendra Modi joins the great power game
Philip Stephens
PM has disappointed at home but been energetic and assertive internationally
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/651ce248-6f35-11e4-8d86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mining stocks make impact on FTSE 100Mining stocks make impact on FTSE 100
Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a6c1294-7ebe-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shock verdict in Anni Dewani honeymoon murderHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
British-Indian millionaire Shrien Dewani, accused of hiring hitmen to kill his Indo-Swedish bride Anni Hindocha during their honeymoon here in 2010, was acquitted today by a South African court that dismissed the case against him, ending a four-year-long dramatic murder saga.
Western Cape High Court Deputy Judge Jeanette Traverso threw out the high-profile case against 34-year-old Dewani even before he started his defence against the accusation that he plotted to kill his 28-year-old wife Anni Hindocha.
Traverso said the prosecution’s case against Dewani was weak and that she can see no reasonable prospect that she might find him guilty once she has also heard his defence.
The evidence presented by the prosecution fell “far below the threshold” of what a reasonable court could convict on, the judge ruled in a case that has grabbed international headlines.
She said the evidence of the prosecution’s main witness, taxi driver Zola Tongo, was “riddled with contradictions” and “highly debatable”.
Dewani is accused of hiring three men — taxi driver Tongo, Mziwamadoda Qwabe and Xolile Mngeni — to kill Anni on their honeymoon in South Africa in 2010. Anni was kidnapped and then murdered in Gugulethu township near Cape Town on November 13, 2010.
Mngeni was sentenced to life in prison for the murder but died in jail. Qwabe was sentenced to 25 years. Tongo was sentenced to 18 years following a plea bargain deal.
Shrien lost a four-year legal battle in the UK to avoid extradition to South Africa, and was sent in April this year to stand trial. Dewani is now free to return to Britain immediately.
Dewani’s lawyers applied for his discharge at the end of the prosecution’s case, arguing that the evidence against him was so weak he should be acquitted.
Announcing her ruling, Traverso said: “The accused is found not guilty of this charge.”
Traverso said his application for discharging him is granted and he is found not guilty on five charges.
She said the only reason not to grant the application would be in the hope that Dewani would implicate himself if he gave evidence.
But to do so would be a “manifest misdirection”, the judge said.
Dewani walked out of the dock and down the stairs to the holding cell without any expression on his face. His family burst into tears and embraced each other after the verdict.
A clearly disappointed Hindocha family left the court immediately.
The judge said that she understood the plight of Anni’s family, who had wanted Dewani to take the stand to get closure on the death of their daughter, but could not succumb to public opinion and had to apply the law.
Acknowledging the huge public interest in the case, Traverso said she could not allow public opinion to influence her decision in applying the law, as if courts allow this, it would lead to anarchy.
Prosecutors in the six-week-long trial said Dewani was a closet homosexual, and “needed to find a way out” of his marriage.
Dewani admitted at the start of the trial that he is bisexual and visited male bondage prostitutes. But he also insisted that he loved his new wife Anni and had no hand in what happened.
Traverso, the second most senior in the province, has made no secret of her dismay at the prosecution case. She rejected evidence about Dewani’s sexuality as “irrelevant” and repeatedly lambasted the prosecutors leading it.
Traverso spent the first two sessions of the morning highlighting in great detail, the inconsistencies in the evidence of the state’s key witness, taxi driver Tongo, who is now serving out a jail term.
The entire story as told by Tongo is “highly improbable”, Traverso said.
The judge said that even if Dewani had entered the witness box, the state would be left with a weak case that would not pass legal muster.
“The court cannot cheery-pick from the evidence — reliable corroboration is required,” Traverso said.
She discredited the evidence at the trial by Tongo, adding that the picture became even bleaker by this testimony for the prosecution’s case.
Dewani’s legal team brought an application for his discharge application, if the court believed there was no credible evidence at the close of the prosecution’s case.
Dewani’s lawyer Francois van Zyl had argued that the prosecution’s evidence was full of contradictions and “cannot safely be relied upon”.
Dewani’s trial started in October after he returned to Cape Town a few months earlier and spent time in an institution for monitoring his mental health.
Dewani had fought a lengthy legal battle to avoid extradition to South Africa.
TAGS: Shrien Dewani South Africa
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

RBI to release norms for single authentication in a month: Dy Guv H R KhanTamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops
To make online transactions easier, the Reserve Bank will soon come out with single authentication payment norms for low value e-commerce transactions without any compromise on security.
The criteria to decide on low value transaction will be decided by the norms expected to be released in a month.
“One area is that we are looking at small payments where we have two factor authentication. Whether we can create a system where we can avoid the second factor authentication so that the small transactions can go… (For) arrangement between customer liability and provider liability, we can work out something. We are discussing with banks,” RBI Deputy Governor H R Khan said at Inclusive Finance India Global Summit here today.
Currently, two-step authentication is generally prevalent in the country unlike developed nations. First step of authentication is feeding PIN and next step is punching in of secure code or One Time PIN (OTP).
“Maybe we will go for a small amount where we need not have second factor authentication. That amount could be (Rs) 1000, 2000 or 3000,” he said.
“I am not able to tell your the amount at the moment but that is what we are working at so that small value, low ticket we can get out of the second factor authentication without compromising on customer’s liability and provider’s liability,” he said.
Asked by when guidelines on small ticket transactions will be issued, he said: “I suppose within a month’s time.”
Asked about the debt switch, Khan said, RBI has some plan but did not elaborate on this.
“We have got some plans to do it (bond switch),” he said.
Under a debt switch programme, the government plans to buy short-dated debt, and in turn sell longer duration G-secs, in an effort to spread out redemptions of debt to later years.
It is expected that insurance companies may be asked to go in for bond switch.
This will help government manage its account by postponing the payment of those bonds which is due for maturity by issuing bonds of future date.
Speaking after RBI policy review in December last year, Governor Raghuram Rajan had said that the aim of the debt switch would be to cause little disruption to bond markets.
“It will be investors who have the same maturity appetite who would redeem the bonds and take up the new bonds,” he had said.
TAGS: H R Khan Reserve Bank Of India
More from economy

Sonia Gandhi decides not to celebrate her birthdayHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who turns 68 tomorrow, will not celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks in Jammu and Kashmir and Chhattisgarh respectively.
“In solidarity with the martyred Army and police personnel there, Gandhi has asked Congresspersons not to celebrate her birthday,” the party said in a statement here today.
This is the first birthday of Gandhi after the last Lok Sabha elections, which saw a virtual rout of Congress nationwide at the hands of BJP.
Eleven security force personnel were killed in a predawn attack by militants on an Army camp in Uri area of Baramulla district in Jammu and Kashmir on December 5. All the six militants involved in the attack were also killed.
While Maoists had unleashed a major attack killing 14 CRPF personnel and injuring 12 others in Naxal-infested Sukma district of Chhattisgarh on December 1.
TAGS: Sonia Gandhi
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Eleven stocks in focus in Tuesday morning tradeYou are here: Home > Collections
Eleven stocks in focus in Tuesday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 9, 2014, 08.03AM IST
Tags:
Cadila Healthcare
(Indian markets are expected…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Tuesday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets.
"We expect index to correct further in the coming sessions but that should be seen as buying opportunity as the overall bias is still positive," says Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"Participants should prepare their buying list in advance and gradually accumulate those stocks with medium to long term horizon. Also, they should keep that portfolio well diversified," he adds.
Manglik is of the view that the traders, on the other hand, will find opportunities in both directions but they shouldn't overleverage and avoid high beta counters.
Here is a list of eleven stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Sun Pharma & Ranbaxy: The long-pending $4-billion merger between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy got a conditional approval from fair trade watchdog CCI, which asked the two companies to divest some key products along with other changes to the deal to address the anti-competitive issues.
ITC Ltd: ITC Ltd will invest Rs 1,000 crore for its ambitious foray into dairy and juice businesses which it plans to roll out in the January-March quarter, two people aware of the development said.
SpiceJet Ltd: The air carrier has cancelled a total of 1,861 flights, a few to Kathmandu in Nepal and all others connecting domestic cities, till December 31, SpiceJet said in an update on its website. These included 81 flights scheduled for Monday as well.
ICICI Bank Ltd: ICICI Bank on Monday raised $200 million (Rs 1,200 crore) by selling overseas bonds with five-and-half year maturity as Indian businesses extend their fund-raising spree aboard taking advantage of historic low rates, reports Saikat Das.
Cadila Healthcare Ltd: The pharma major is voluntarily recalling 15,144 bottles of its anti-hypertension drug Amlodipine Besylate tablets in the US market, according to the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA).
OMCs will be in focus: World oil prices slid another 4 per cent to new five-year lows on Monday, as expectations of a deeper slump next year and a prediction by a core OPEC member that crude will remain at $65 for several months triggered another round of selling, said media reports.
ONGC: Indian state explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp said on Monday it was aiming to start natural gas production by mid-2018 and oil production a year after that from its block off India's east coast.
Tata Motors Ltd: Tatas-owned Jaguar Land Rover today launched a new variant of Jaguar XF sedan in the country for Rs 45.12 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai, Pre Octroi).
DLF Ltd: Kerala high court on Monday ordered that reality major DLF should demolish portions of its premium waterfront residential project in Kochi, DLF Riverside, which were construction in violation of the CRZ rules, said media reports.
OBC: Public sector lender Oriental Bank of Commerce has cut interest rates on select deposits by 0.10 per cent to 8.90 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://bit.ly/1A5TDLMWhy You Should Ditch Your Second Fridge
It's time to take responsibility for your energy use.
Tyler Wells Lynch
December 07, 2014
In case you didn’t know, fridges are a lot more efficient than they used to be. And earlier this year, the U.S. Department of Energy enacted new standards that will make forthcoming refrigerators even easier on the grid.
It’s part of a larger regulatory trend that began in the 1970s with the birth of the EPA and continues today. It has resulted in billions of dollars in energy savings, as well as huge reductions in overall electricity consumption—not to mention reduced strain on our environment.
The problem is, even as old refrigerators are supplanted by newer, more efficient ones, the outmoded models aren’t necessarily being retired. In fact, many are relegated to backup duty in America's basements and garages.
There are more homes today (with more fridges) than there were 20 years ago—17 million more.
According to data from the DOE, 23 percent of U.S. homes in 2009 had a second fridge. That's up from a mere 15 percent in 1997, and 14 percent in 1978. It makes sense when you look at the increasing size of American homes over the same period. Why would you throw away an old fridge that you spent good money on when there’s still need for food storage?
Last month, the Washington Post provided one very good reason: “Second fridge syndrome,” it argued, is not only canceling out personal energy savings from more efficient machines, but also contributing to a net uptick in residential energy consumption in the U.S.
Though today’s refrigerators are up to 75 percent more energy efficient than models produced in the 1970s and 80s, there are more homes today than there were 20 years ago—17 million more. That residential growth has contributed to a 2 percent net increase in residential energy consumption, according to EIA data, despite massive efficiency gains.
Refrigerator efficiency over the years.
Second fridges obviously don't do this equation any good—especially since most of them are placed in adverse cooling environments like garages, where they have to work harder to maintain a consistent low temperature.
Unfortunately, there's very little direct incentive for homeowners to ditch their second icebox—or even upgrade their primary refrigerator. A 10 percent increase in fridge efficiency (as is required by new Energy Star guidelines) equates to just $6 in savings on the average utility bill… per year. This situation is compounded by the fact that homes with multiple fridges and large power draws tend to be owned by families who can easily afford the privilege. For these consumers, $6 per year is beyond insignificant.
But as we've pointed out , federal efficiency standards are meant to tackle energy usage on a national scale. To make them worthwhile, consumers need to act altruistically, or the industry needs to make new machines attractive for reasons other than efficiency.
These are problems that cannot be solved with regulations alone, so the onus is on individuals to take responsibility for their energy use. That includes rectifying the scourge of second fridge syndrome. Seriously, if you can't bear to part with your second fridge, at least consider unplugging it when it’s not in use.
For folks who are interested in getting rid of their backup, first check and see if your utility company has a recycling program . If it does, it will probably give you some cash for the old hunk of junk. If not, you can contact your local waste disposal or public works department to arrange for it to be removed .
Hero image: Wikimedia Commons, "Infrogmation" (CC BY-SA 2.5)
Kill-A-Watt Electricity Usage Monitor
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

ITC hits 52-wk high on Rs 1000 cr expansion planBombay stock exchange
(ITC Ltd surged nearly 1 per…)
NEW DELHI: ITC Ltd surged nearly 1 per cent to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 399.85 in trade on Tuesday, on reports that the FMCG major will invest Rs 1,000 crore for its ambitious foray into dairy and juice businesses which it plans to roll out in the January-March quarter, two people aware of the development told ET.
However, ITC could not sustain the momentum and slipped in red considering the fact that the stock has risen over 9 per cent so far in the month of December, as of data collected on December 8.
At 09:40 a.m.; ITC was trading 1.1 per cent lower at Rs 393.40. It hit a low of Rs 392.90 and a 52-week high of Rs 399.85 on the Bombay Stock Exchange .
The Kolkata-based cigarette-to-FMCG-hospitality conglomerate will make the proposed investment in the short term on manufacturing capacity, marketing, brand building and distribution expenses, two senior industry executives told ET.
ITC has already undertaken over Rs 250-crore investments on these two businesses. Early this year ITC acquired Bengaluru-based B Natural juice brand for about Rs 50-60 crore, which is now being modernised both in terms of formulation and packaging, added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold eases as firm dollar  weak oil dent safe-haven appealGold eases as firm dollar, weak oil dent safe-haven appeal
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Dec 9:  
Gold gave up some of its overnight gains on Tuesday as the dollar recovered from losses and oil prices weakened, dampening the metal’s appeal as a hedge.
Spot gold had slipped 0.2 per cent to $1,200.26 an ounce by 0036 GMT.
Gold jumped more than 1 per cent on Monday on a brief surge of late-day technical buying as it breached the $1,200-per-ounce level long after the US dollar dropped from a more than five-year high.
Strong dollar
But the dollar recovered on Tuesday and was higher against a basket of major currencies.
A stronger greenback makes dollar-denominated gold more expensive for the holders of other currencies and also decreases its appeal as an alternative investment.
Softer oil prices have also hurt gold’s appeal as a hedge against oil-led inflation. Oil slumped to fresh five-year lows on Monday.
SPDR Gold Trust
Investor sentiment has been largely bearish. Holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, fell 0.25 per cent to 719.12 tonnes on Monday.
Cues for the day will also come from US economic data that would indicate strength of the recovery and how soon the Federal Reserve could increase rates.
Strong data and higher rates could provide a further boost to the dollar and hurt non-interest-bearing bullion.
In gold mining news, Zijin Mining Group Co Ltd , China’s largest listed gold producer, is buying nearly a 10 per cent stake in Pretium Resources Inc, a small Canadian miner developing one of the highest grade gold finds in recent times.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Iraq cuts official crude oil selling price to Asia  USIraq cuts official crude oil selling price to Asia, US
Reuters
Tweet
London, Dec 9:  
Iraq has cut the official selling price to Asia and the United States in January for its main crude oil export grade, Basrah light, but raised the OSP slightly to Europe, the state oil marketing company said on Monday.
The move follows a sharp reduction to Saudi Arabia's crude oil OSPs to Asia and the United States last week, in what many analysts and traders have said suggests countries are competing to hold on to market share in an oversupplied market.
Iraqi state oil marketer SOMO cut the Basrah Light crude OSP to Asia in January to minus $4.00 a barrel versus the Dubai/Oman average from minus $2.50 a barrel in December.
SOMO cut the Basrah Light OSP to the United States in January to Argus Sour Crude Index (ASCI) minus 40 cents a barrel from ASCI minus 10 cents a barrel in December, while prices to Europe rose slightly to dated Brent minus $4.35 a barrel in January from minus $4.45 a barrel in December.
The state oil marketer also published prices for Kirkuk crude, which is expected to flow through the Kurdistan Regional Government's independent pipeline for sale at the Turkish Mediterranean port of Ceyhan following a deal between Baghdad and Arbil last week.
Kirkuk was priced at dated Brent minus $2.90 a barrel to Europe, and at ASCI plus $1.75 a barrel to the United States. Supplies of Kirkuk have largely been shut off since Islamist militants damaged Baghdad's main northern export pipeline earlier this year.
Under the new deal, up to 300,000 barrels per day of Kirkuk crude will be exported to Ceyhan.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Sensex rangebound  Nifty off lows; top ten stocks in focusThis is easy! Register on Economictimes.com and get the member badge.
Member
Make Economictimes.com your financial news hotspot. Visit us every day to earn this Badge!
Super Surfer
Link your Times profile with your FB and Twitter accounts.
Power Networker
Keep the conversation going through your Comments & Replies to get this badge.
Biz Smith
Share Czar
Share News, Articles, Stock info on Economictimes.com with your friends on Facebook, Twitter or Hotklix and become a Share Czar! 'Recommending' and 'liking' links on our site also qualifies.
Share Czar
Inboxer
Subscribe to the Economictimes.com newsletters & guess what! You get additional points for opening the newsletter or clicking on a link.
Inboxer
Biz Influencer
Your opinion matters. Get the Biz Influencer Badge when other users 'Recommend' or 'Agree' with your comments.
Biz Influencer
Be the opinion! Participate in a poll and get this badge.
Poll Star
Read/watch business articles, videos & slideshows and become a BizPundit.
Biz Pundit
Share your opinions in market through Comments & Replies in the ET market section.
Market Buff
Read market articles and watch more videos and slideshows be a Market Guru!
Market Guru

IT  pharma stocks trade firm on BSESun Pharma holds firm, up 1.5% on BSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 9:  
Among the top gainers during the morning session, pharma stock held firm to stay ahead of the pack on the BSE near the close on Tuesday.
At 2.35 pm Sun Pharma Industries was up 1.47 per cent at Rs 841 as against Rs 828.80 at close yesterday.
Dr Reddy’s Labs came off its morning levels to quote at Rs 3,333.10 as against Rs 3,314.80 at close on Monday. This was a gain of 0.55 per cent.
TCS shed most of its morning gains to quote at Rs 2,523.70. This represented a gain of 0.40 per cent on its overnight close at Rs 2,513.70.
M&M rode up 0.37 per cent to trade at Rs 1,256.10. The share had closed Monday's session at Rs 1,251.45.
HDFC Bank edged up 0.17 per cent at Rs 929.10. The share had closed the overnight session at Rs 927.5.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Sensex hovers around 28 100; broader markets outperformSensex hovers around 28,100; broader markets outperform
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 10:40 AM IST
Benchmark indices are trading in a tight range with Sensex and Nifty oscillating between negative and positive zone.
By 10:35, the 30-share BSE Sensex was lower by 18 points at 28,102, while the broad-based NSE Nifty has slipped by 9 points at 8,430.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are up 0.4% each.
The market breadth in BSE remains positive with 1,217 shares advancing and 888 shares declining.
The top losers on the Sensex are Tata Power, Hindalco, ITC, ONGC and NTPC.
On the gaining side, Dr Reddy’s Labs, TCS, Sun Pharma, Wipro and ICICI Bank have gained between 1-2%.
**************************************
Updated at 9:45
Markets have turned flat after making a lower opening tracking weak global cues.
Indices posted their largest single-day loss in nearly two months yesterday led by a decline in technology shares after four promoters of Infosys pared their holdings in the company.
By 9:43, the 30-share BSE Sensex was higher by 9 points at 28,128, while the broad-based NSE Nifty has slipped by 2 points at 8,437.
Meanwhile, markets have also reacted to the CAD data. A sharp rise in gold imports and a fall in export growth pushed India's current account deficit (CAD) to $10.1 billion (2.1 per cent of gross domestic product) in the financial year's second quarter, ending September, compared to $5.2 bn (1.2 per cent of GDP) for July-September 2013.
However, foreign institutional investors were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 4,984.60 crore on Monday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
On the global front, Asian share markets were mostly in the red on Tuesday while the US dollar began to edge higher once again aided by a media report the Federal Reserve might take a rhetorical step toward tightening at its meeting next week.
Oil prices also extended their long crash with US crude hitting its lowest in five years amid a glut of supply and pressuring energy stocks globally.
Japan's Nikkei eased 0.47%, but that follows a run of strong gains which took it to its highest since July 2007. Chinese shares have also been on a tear with the CSI300 index of the largest listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen at levels last visited in 2011.
Back home, BSE Capital Goods, Consumer Durables, Metal and Power indices have declined by nearly 1% each. However, defensive sectors like Healthcare and IT are trading in positive zone, up by nearly 1% each.
The Supreme Court on Monday dismissed nearly 20 applications of power and steel companies seeking exemption from its judgment which cancelled 204 coal mining licences issued since 1993.
Jindal Steel & Power, Essar, Monnet Ispat and other noted companies involved in power, steel and cement business requested the Supreme Court to review the decision of cancelling the coal block allocations made to them.
The main losers on the Sensex are Hindalco, L&T, BHEL, NTPC, Coal India and Axis Bank.
On the gaining side, Sun Pharma, TCS, DR Reddy’s Labs, M&M, Tata Motors and Infosys have gained between 0. 5-2%.
Sun Pharma has gained around 2% as its bid to acquire Ranbaxy has received approval from CCI, though with certain riders. Ranbaxy has gained over 3%.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are up 0.2%.
The market breadth in BSE remains marginally positive with 772 shares advancing and 557 shares declining.

Jet Airways  SpiceJet rally on infra status hopeJet Airways, SpiceJet rally on infra status hope
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 10:31 AM IST
Shares of aviation companies such as Jet Airways (India) and SpiceJet have gained up to 6% on the bourses on media reports that the aviation ministry may seek infra status for airlines.
Among individual stocks, Jet Airways has rallied 6% to Rs 427 on BSE. The stock hit a high of Rs 429, its highest level since October 2013. Since November 25, 2014, the stock rallied 74% from Rs 245, due to falling crude oil prices.
SpiceJet was trading 5% higher at Rs 16, after hitting high of Rs 16.90 on BSE. Till 1029 hours, around 13.92 million shares changed hands against an average 18.6 million shares that were traded daily in past two weeks on BSE and NSE.
According to Business Standard reports , the ministry of civil aviation might ask the finance ministry for infrastructure status to the airline sector, battling high operating costs.
Meanwhile, the SpiceJet clarified that the company is not under a "Cash-and-Carry" payment mode with Airport Authority of India as wrongly reported in certain sections of the media.

Express in Lima: Javadekar to highlight Indias solarpushWritten by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 9, 2014 11:10 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 3:18 pm
The recently-decided plan to go for a massive increase in solar power generation in the country will figure prominently in the statement of Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar when he tells the delegates at the Lima climate conference about the steps India is taking to combat climate change.
READ: Govt to amend green laws to reduce emission: Javadekar 
Only last month, the government decided that it will aim at producing 100,000 MW of electricity through solar power by the year 2020, five times than the original target of 20,000 MW under the National Solar Mission and that too at least two years earlier than the original deadline.
Javadekar, who is in Lima to attend the high-level ministerial segment of the climate change conference, told reporters that the government is planning for public and private investment of $100 billion dollars in the next 6-7 seven years to achieve the ambitious target it has set for solar electricity generation.
“It is going to be a game-changing programme. And the entire government is being geared up to achieve this. From the climate objective it is extremely significant because we will be getting rid of millions of tonnes of carbon dioxide in avoided emissions,” Javadekar said.
“We are setting bigger goals for ourselves on the climate front. We are not required to do all this, but have to move on a low-carbon growth path. And we will be walking our talk,” he said.
Environment Secretary Ashok Lavasa said once the 100,000 MW of solar generation capacity is installed, about 130 million tonnes of coal every year would not need to be burnt. “That would be a lot of emissions saved,” he said.
The Solar Mission is part of the eight climate ‘missions’ that were launched under the National Action Plan on Climate Change. Of the three that will help India in saving on emissions, the Solar Mission is the most effective. However, the progress so far has been tardy. The total grid-connected capacity installed under the programme till now has only been 2970 MW. For the entire 12th plan period (up to 2017), the government has allocated only Rs 8795 crore (approx $1.4 billion).
Javadekar said all this will change very soon. “Our government is extremely keen on promoting clean and renewable energy. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made it one of his main goals. And we are taking a number of steps to achieve this target,” he said.
The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy in Delhi has received proposals from state governments to make land available for setting up of at least 25 solar parks. Projects with 100 per cent foreign investment as equity will qualify for automatic approval. The government has continued…

LIVE: Rape accused Uber cab driver remorseless; taxi industry calls forself-regulationBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 11:10 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 11:48 am
The rape of a woman executive allegedly by the driver of a cab booked through Uber taxi services has once again brought back to focus safety of women in the National Capital. As the outrage grew, the government banned the Uber service. Here are the the latest updates on the story.

5G to facilitate mobile innovation  says GSMAYou are here: Home > Collections > Gsma
5G to facilitate mobile innovation, says GSMA
ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 11.08AM IST
Tags:
5G
(UK-based GSM lobby group GSMA said…)
NEW DELHI: UK-based GSM lobby group GSMA said that the fifth-generation (5G) technology will lead to a fresh wave of mobile innovation and would further transform individuals and businesses.
"The arrival of 5G will help deliver a fresh wave of mobile innovation that will further transform the lives of individuals, businesses and societies around the world," Anne Bouverot , Director General, GSMA in a statement said.
The new report by GSMA's research arm outlines the industry's evolutionary path towards 5G and technical requirements of future 5G networks as well as business potential for ecosystem players.
"5G is still to be standardised by the industry and it has not been fully agreed what 5G will look like or what it will enable," Bouverot said and added, "GSMA is already collaborating with operators, vendors, governments and other industry organisations in ensuring that the future 5G standard is both technically and economically viable."
Meanwhile, the lobby group said that there is considerable opportunity for growth in 4G, which still only accounts for 5 per cent of the world's mobile connections and 2 per cent in developing countries.
Mobile operators will invest $1.7 trillion globally in network infrastructure over the period 2014-2020, much of which would be spent on 4G networks, the study suggested.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy Laboratories rally over 3% post CCI nod on dealSun Pharma, Ranbaxy Laboratories rallies over 3% post CCI nod on deal
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 9, 2014, 11.01AM IST
Tags:
Bombay stock exchange
(Sun Pharmaceutical Industries,…)
NEW DELHI: Sun Pharmaceutical Industries , Ranbaxy Laboratories rose over 3 per cent each in intraday trade on Tuesday, after the Competition Commission of India approved the acquisition of generic drugmaker Ranbaxy by bigger rival Sun Pharma on the condition that the companies divest seven select brands in the Indian drug market.
Reacting to the news, Sun Pharma rose as much as 3.04 per cent, while Ranbaxy Laboratories rallied as much as 3.96 per cent on the Bombay Stock Exchange .
The CCI nod also clears the way for the largest deal in pharmaceutical sector, creating the No. 1 drug company in India with a market share of 9 per cent and the fifth largest generic drug firm globally. Sun agreed to acquire Ranbaxy in April in a $4 billion all-stock deal.
According to a rough calculation by ET, the seven brands indicated in the competition watchdog's order for divestment would be roughly earning about Rs 50 crore for their parent companies annually, implying a negligible impact on the merged company.
Raw data for this was gleaned from last year figures of Aiocd Awacs, a pharma marketing research firm. The brands CCI has identified include Tamlet, Rosuvas EZ, Eligard, Terlibax, Olanex F, Raciper L and Trioolvance, added the report. A company statement noted that these products constitute less than 1% of the combined entity's revenues in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Expect MCX gold  silver prices to trade sideways: AngelLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect MCX gold, silver prices to trade sideways: Angel
Gold and silver prices are expected to trade sideways as optimism in the US economy could draw the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates sooner than expected while weak economic data from China and Japan raises the safe haven appeal for the yellow metal, says Angel Commodities.
Post your opinion here
Angel Commodities' report on bullion
Bullion
Gold
Spot gold prices rose by more around 1 percent on Monday on account of technical buying, and dollar weakness as it dropped from a fiver year high mark. The metal lost 1.1 percent on Friday when U.S. data showed employers added the largest number of workers in nearly three years in November and that wages picked up.
China's imports dropped and Japan's economy shrank more than initially reported in the third quarter on declines in business investment. Holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, rose 0.12 percent to 720.91 tonnes on Friday, though still close to a sixyear low. However, the strength in the economy could draw the U.S. Federal Reserve closer to raising interest rates, lifting the dollar and in turn depressing demand for gold.
On the MCX, gold prices rose by around 0.48 percent and closed at Rs.26468/10 gms.
Silver
Spot silver prices rose by 0.5 percent to $16.3/oz in tandem with rising gold prices. Weakness in the dollar index coupled with bargain buying at lower levels supported the rise.
On the MCX, silver prices rose by around 1.34 percent and closed at Rs.37190/kg.
Outlook
On an intraday basis, we expect gold and silver prices to trade sideways as optimism in the US economy could draw the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates sooner than expected while weak economic data from China and Japan raises the safe haven appeal for the yellow metal. Although, holdings in the SPDR gold trust gained last Friday, it still stands at a six year low indicating waning investment demand for the yellow metal.
On the MCX, the precious metals pack is expected to trade sideways taking cues from sideways international markets.
For all commodities report, click here
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Board of Revathi Equipment appoints directorsBoard of Revathi Equipment appoints directors
Uber case: Why govt needs to regulate not ban cab serviceUber case: Why govt needs to regulate not ban cab service
Raju  associates get six months in jail for Satyam fraudRaju  associates get six months in jail for Satyam fraud
Jharkhand Assembly polls: Nearly 13 per cent polling till 9 AMJharkhand Assembly polls: Nearly 13 per cent polling till 9 AM
FM hopeful that there would be insurance market expansion once Amendment Bill is passed by parliamentFM hopeful that there would be insurance market expansion once Amendment Bill is passed by parliament
OnMobile Global jumps on share buy-back plansOnMobile Global jumps on share buy-back plans
Gold futures settle higher 0.39% to USD 1 194.7Gold futures settle higher 0.39% to USD 1 194.7
DSC Sport to Introduce Innovative Suspension Technology at PRI in IndianapolisDSC Sport to Introduce Innovative Suspension Technology at PRI in Indianapolis
Chevron and ONGC Videsh join New Zealand oil  gas searchHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Chevron and ONGC Videsh join New Zealand oil, gas search
Reuters
Tweet
WELLINGTON, Dec 9:  
New Zealand awarded 15 oil and gas exploration licences on Tuesday, with U.S. giant Chevron and India's ONGC Videsh joining the hunt in the South Pacific country for the first time.
Chevron is partnering with Norway's Statoil to explore three prospects off the lightly explored south-east coast of the North Island.
Statoil is already in New Zealand and has been awarded a further offshore block in its own right at the top northwest coast of the North Island.
The Indian government controlled ONGC Videsh Ltd has made its first foray into New Zealand with one offshore exploration permit in the Taranaki Basin, in the same region as several commercially successful oil and gas fields.
"New players continue to enter our market, and existing players cement and expand their work here," Energy Minister Simon Bridges said in a statement.
The government has changed the rules for the tendering and awarding of exploration permits to encourage foreign companies to explore the southern oceans around the country.
The awarding of the permits, which are open for between 10 and 15 years, comes at a time when major oil companies such as BP, Shell, Exxon Mobil, and Total are cutting back on exploration, laying off staff and selling assets globally to cope with sliding oil prices.
The permit recipients have committed to various work programmes ranging from geological and seismic surveys through to drilling exploration wells.
Six of the permits awarded were for onshore blocks, including two on the west coast of the South Island, while nine were for offshore blocks. Of the total, seven permits were for exploration in the Taranaki region.
Other isolated finds have been made in the east of the North Island and the top of the South Island, but have not proved to be economic.
Austrian oil major OMV, which already has interests in commercial fields in New Zealand, has extended its involvement with two offshore permits.
Other permits were awarded to established explorer and producer Canada's TAG Oil, a joint venture of local Todd Exploration and Australia's Beach Petroleum, New Zealand-owned Petrochem Ltd and British-owned Mosman Oil and Gas Ltd.
A small New Zealand-based private company New Endeavour Resources Ltd, which wants to attract other investors, has entered the sector for the first time with an offshore permit.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Anti-dumping duty extended on sodium nitrite imports from ChinaAnti-dumping duty extended on sodium nitrite imports from China
K.R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
The Finance Ministry has extended the levy of anti-dumping duty on Sodium Nitrite imports from China till August 16, 2016.
Sodium Nitrite is an oxidising and also a reducing agent. It is a white crystalline powder mostly used in the pharmaceutical and dye industries, lubricants, meat processing, and textiles.
The Finance Ministry move follows the Designated Authority’s recommendation in its mid-term review in October to extend the levy of anti-dumping duty on Sodium Nitrite imports from China.
Deepak Nitrite Ltd had filed the petition seeking a mid-term review of anti-dumping duty on Sodium Nitrite imports from China.
The revenue department has now specified an anti-dumping duty of $135.83 per tonne. The others producers of Sodium Nitrite in the country include Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilisers, National Fertilisers Ltd, and Punjab Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Ltd.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Domestic car sales rise 9.5% in NovHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Domestic car sales rise 9.5% in Nov
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
Domestic passenger car sales increased 9.52 per cent to 1,56,445 units in November compared with 1,42,849 units in the year-ago month.
Motorcycle sales had declined 3.05 per cent to 8,53,254 units last month from 8,80,078 units a year earlier, according to data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM).
Total two-wheeler sales in November rose 4.89 per cent to 13,01,431 units. Sales of commercial vehicles rose 9.05 per cent to 47,686 units, SIAM said.
Vehicle sales across categories registered an increase of 5.03 per cent to 16,03,292 units from 15,26,514 units in November 2013, it added.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex down 65 points; metal  FMCG stocks lose shineWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

OnMobile Global rallies on share buyback planOnMobile Global rallies on share buyback plan
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 11:00 AM IST
OnMobile Global has locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 69.85 on BSE in otherwise subdued market after the company announced share buyback plan.
“The board of directors of the company will meet on December 11, 2014, to consider and approve, a proposal for buy back of securities of the company,” OnMobile Global said in a statement.
Till 1050 hours, a combined 543,117 shares changed hands and there are pending buy orders for 863,865 shares on NSE and BSE.
As of September 2014, the promoters held 48.68% stake in the telecom services provider. The individual shareholders held 30.62% stake, followed by bodies corporate (11.25%), foreign institutional investors (6.05%), while the remaining 3.4% stake are with the non-resident Indians and others.
Meanwhile, Citigroup Global Market Mauritius had bought 624,679 shares of OnMobile Global at price of Rs 50.24 per share via open market.
 

Lead down by 0.2% on global cuesLead down by 0.2% on global cues
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 10:58 AM IST
Amid a weak trend in base metals at the London Metal Exchange and subdued domestic demand, lead prices eased by 0.20% to Rs 126.75 per kg in futures trade today as speculators reduced their exposures.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, lead for delivery January 2015 month shed 25 paise, or 0.20%, to Rs 126.75 per kg in business turnover of two lots.
On similar lines, the metal for delivery in current month shed 10 paise, or 0.08%, to Rs 125.85 per kg in 211 lots.
Marketmen said a weak trend in base metals at the London Metal Exchange (LME) amid signs that demand is waning from China and Germany, the biggest and third-largest users of the metal, mainly attributed fall in lead futures pries.

Crude oil down by 1.2% on weak Asian cuesCrude oil down by 1.2% on weak Asian cues
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 10:50 AM IST
Crude oil futures fell by 1.22% to Rs 3,885 per barrel today as speculators engaged in reducing their exposures amid a weakening trend in Asian trade where it tumbled to fresh five-year lows owing to weak demand.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in December month contracts was down by Rs 48, or 1.22%, to Rs 3,885 per barrel in 3,329 lots.
In a similar fashion, oil for January 2015 delivery contracts moved down by Rs 47, or 1.18%, to Rs 3,922 per barrel in 511 lots.
Marketmen said trading sentiment remained subdued after crude struck fresh five-year lows in Asia with analysts forecasting further falls owing to weak demand, a global supply glut and fewer production halts.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude for January delivery was down 40 cents at $62.65, while Brent curde for January fell 35 cents to $65.84 a barrel in on the New York Mercantile Exchange in mid-morning trade today.

Pidilite to gain from pick-up in demand:CitiDirect equity set to top FDs as biggest asset class in FY15: Report
We initiate ‘buy’ on Pidilite Industries, a pioneer in consumer and specialty chemicals used in home construction and maintenance in India.
Although the stock is up 60% YTD, we expect a further re-rating as earnings ramp up to 25% CAGR on rising demand from India’s growing middle-class and as margins widen on falling input costs.
Pidilite enjoys strong pricing power due to its product portfolio, well-established brands and distribution reach, being the only pan-India player in a highly fragmented national market. Relatively heavy spending on R&D and marketing have created a competitive moat for the company that is unlikely to be breached.
Falling raw material prices are a near-term catalyst. Cost of goods (CoGS), which is 50% of Pidilite’s revenue, is almost entirely from different derivatives of crude oil. Recent sharp fall in crude prices, together with operating leverage and an improved overseas performance, will boost the EBITDA margin by an expected 325 bps over FY14-17e. Further declines in crude prices offer margin upside risk.
Rising growth in the consumer segment (80% of revenue), along with a continuing recovery in the industrial segment (20% of revenue), should deliver FY14-17e CAGRs of 17% for consolidated revenue, 25% for EBITDA and 25% for PAT, with RoCE/RoE averaging 25%/ 27% over FY15-17e. Our target price of R610 is set at 35x March 17e EPS.
More from indianmarkets

Sensex  Nifty fall on profit-booking after six-weekgainsFalling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets
Stocks: After six weeks of gains including record-breaking run in November, the benchmark sensex fell nearly 236 points as investors opted for profit- booking at higher levels amid caution in the absence of definite trigger.
The week’s most crucial event was the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) policy, maintaining the status quo on interest rate. The conditional cutting of rates in the near future failed to provide necessary impetus to investors minds.
Traders approach following Apex banks review was cautiously optimistic. The week also saw broader Mid-cap and Small-cap shares gaining upper-hand.
The market could not be brow-beaten further due to good FII buying of Indian stocks. Also news specific action on heavy-weights like ITC last week following government acceptance of ban on sale of loose cigarettes, reversed this week on hopes that the proposal could be put on hold.
The benchmark sensex resumed higher at 28,748.22 and hovered between a high of 28,809.64 and a low of 28,370.73 before closing the week at 28,458.10, witnessing a loss of 235.89 points, or 0.82 per cent. The sensex had gained 2,585.66 points or 9.90 per cent in the last six weeks.
The CNX 50-share Nifty also lost 49.95 points or 0.58 per cent to conclude the week at 8,538.30. The CNX 50-share Nifty had also gained 808.55 points or 10.39 per cent in the last six weeks.Selling was seen in key Oil&Gas, IT, Teck, Power, PSUs, Metals and HealthCare sectors while FMCG, Consumer Durables, Realty, Banking and Auto sectors gained.
Meanwhile, FPIs/ FIIs continued their buying spree, investing a net Rs 1,466.76 crore during week as per SEBI’s statistics including the provisional figure of December 5.
As many as 21 scrips out of the 30-share sensex pack ended lower while nine others closed higher.
Major losers were Tata Steel (6.65 pct), Hindalco (6.12 pct), Dr Reddy’s Lab (5.76 pct), Infosys (5.04 pct), Tata Power (4.03 pct), BHEL (3.97 pct), HDFC (3.97 pct), Gail India (3.89 pct), Bharti Airtel (3.73 pct), ONGC (3.60 pct), RIL (3.35 pct), M&M (2.51 pct), TCS (2.45 pct), Sun Pharma (2.17 pct) and Tata Motors (1.53 pct).
However, ITC rose by 7.84 pct followed by SSLT 4.50 pct, HUL 4.24 pct, AXIS Bank 3.62 pct, Icici bank 2.43 pct and Maruti 1.83 pct.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Oil&Gas fell by 3.18 pct, IT 3.12 pct, Teck 2.70 pct and Power 1.52 pct while FMCG rose by 5.62 pct, CD 3.25 pct, Realty 1.82 pct and Bankex 1.27 pct.
Small-cap and Mid-cap indices also rose by 1.81 pct and 2.22 pct respectively and outperformed the sensex.
The total turnover at BSE and NSE fell to Rs 18,072.01 cr and Rs 89,302.23 cr respectively from the last weekend’s level of Rs 20,862.31 cr and Rs 96,919.64 cr.
TAGS: Nifty Sensex
More from markets
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

Gold prices plunge by Rs 195 on weak globalcues'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
Gold prices plummeted by Rs 195 to Rs 26,675 per 10 grams at the bullion market in the national capital due to a weakening trend overseas.
Slackened demand from jewellers and retailers at current levels also kept pressure on prices of the precious metal.
Silver followed suit and ended lower by Rs 200 to Rs 36,700 per kg on lack of buying support from industrial units and coin makers.
Bullion traders attributed the fall in gold prices to a weakening global trend after the US added the largest number of jobs in almost three years, fuelling concerns that the Federal Reserve will move closer to raising interest rates.
Strengthening dollar against other currencies also reduced the appeal of bullion as an alternative asset, they said.
Globally, gold in New York dropped by 1.4 per cent to USD 1,190.40 an ounce and silver by 1.9 per cent to USD 16.25 an ounce in yesterday’s trade.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity tumbled by Rs 195 each to Rs 26,675 and Rs 26,475 per 10 grams, respectively.
Sovereign, however, remained steady at Rs 23,700 per piece of eight grams in restricted buying.
Silver ready remained under selling pressure and shed another Rs 200 at Rs 36,700 per kg.
However, weekly-based delivery traded higher by Rs 200 to Rs 36,700 per kg on increased buying by speculators.
On the other hand, silver coins continued to be asked at last level of Rs 62,000 for buying and Rs 63,000 for selling of 100 pieces in scattered deals.
TAGS: Bullion Market Gold
More from commodities
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

We have been hung out to dry  says Sundaram Finance MDUpdated: December 7, 2014 22:21 IST
Talking Business
We have been hung out to dry, says Sundaram Finance MD
K. T. Jagannathan
company information
The Reserve Bank of India recently came out with revised regulatory guidelines for Non-Banking Finance Companies (NBFCs) as also norms for licensing of small finance banks.
The new regulatory guidelines are likely to impact the NBFCs in many ways. T. T. Srinivasaraghavan, Managing Director of country’s top NBFC Sundaram Finance Ltd., spoke to The Hindu on various components of the new tighter norms. Excerpts:
What is your view on the recently-announced stringent regulations for NBFCs? How are they likely to impact you?
To rewind a bit, this revised regulatory framework has been in the air for three years. Anticipating this, some of the industry players have already started moving towards adopting parts of them. To that extent, this was not totally surprising, and did not come out of the blue. But, is this the most opportune time to do it? That was the question raised by the industry. The core preamble talks about harmonizing and removing regulatory arbitrage. The intention is to drive convergence among various players in the financial system. And, they have sought to plug the regulatory arbitrage. In doing so, they have done what I call ‘reverse arbitrage’. As a responsible NBFC, we are absolutely fine with complying with the most the stringent of regulations. We had moved to the 120-day norm two years ago. We had also moved to the 0.40 per cent norm, and we are above the 10 per cent Tier-I Capital requirement.
Are there any areas of concern?
The problem we, as NBFCs, have is about selective harmony. When you look at the capital adequacy, the Tier-I capital has to go up to 10 per cent from the existing 7.5 per cent. This is fine. However, for many years, NBFCs have been pleading for risk-based capital – providing risk weight for different classes of assets based on the risks inherent in those asset classes. The risk capital must reflect the asset class we finance. Clearly, there seems to be a great concern especially with NBFCs handling public funds. While we understand and respect that, we need tools as well to protect the public funds that we have deployed. Repossession has become an arduous task. We are not allowed to exercise even our contractual agreement in terms of repossession. We need to be extended the rights under the SARFAESI Act, which is available to both banks and housing finance companies. Why are we alone being denied that?
Also, deposit ceiling has been reduced from 4 to one-and-a-half times. In the past, a very good and attractive source for NBFCs was external commercial borrowings (ECBs), where we could get long-term funds at reasonable costs subject to conditions on minimum tenor and the maximum spread. But NBFCs were shut off from ECBs several years ago. We need to be given as many options for raising funds, especially given the deposit ceiling. Why shut a window of borrowing for us? This is not convergence but divergence.
So, you are on unequal footing?
We are clearly competing on an unequal footing. Last but certainly not the least is our oldest and longest running grouse on the tax treatment under 43D of the IT Act. For banks and HFCs (Housing Finance Companies), there is a specific exemption in respect of income relating to non-performing loans. They are not required to offer such income for tax purposes. Whereas for NBFCs, this exemption is not available, and, therefore, we are required to pay income tax on income that is not recognized in the books of accounts on the grounds that it is accrued income. On the one hand, we have our regulator telling us that this shall not be recognized as income because it is in respect of non-performing loans. I agree with this. The prudential norm is right. But the income tax does not take cognizance of this regulatory prescription only for NBFCs because we are not mentioned in Section 43D as an entity that is exempt. That is a very cruel. We would urge our regulator to push this with the CBDT (Central Board of Direct Taxes) and Finance Ministry, and ensure that NBFCs are also eligible for this exemption because without it, we will be in really difficult situation.
What is your take on the proposal to encourage NBFCs to convert themselves into small banks?
It looks like it is one more attempt aimed at Financial Inclusion. Looking at some of the clauses, however, there is a no compelling reason for NBFCs to convert to a small bank. As a small bank, we would be required to lend 75 per cent to the priority sector (whereas, it is 40 per cent for the existing banks). The other clause requires that to at least 50 per cent of its borrowers, the exposure should not exceed Rs.25lakh. A single truck that we lend costs at least Rs.30 lakh! What will happen to multi-truck owners who formed a sizeable portion of our portfolio for decades?
My view is that the well-run MFIs (microfinance institutions) are ideally suited to graduate themselves into small banks. It is tailor-made for the MFIs. For them, it is a very logical step up, and they will do a good job of this.
Will there be a role for a NBFC in the future?
It is all linked to the India story. As long as the unorganised and SME sectors continue to be a large driver of economic growth, there will be a role for NBFCs. It has indeed been admitted and recognized by everyone that NBFCs have played a significant role in funding these sectors. I am of the strong belief that there is space and relevance for everyone in the spectrum and continuum of financial inclusion. And NBFCs, as has been proven over several decades, is a vital cog in this chain, providing last mile credit. My view is that NBFCs will continue to remain relevant in this much-talked about financial inclusion story.
Though it has not been acknowledged, aren’t the NBFCs beacon of financial inclusion?
NBFCs have been practicing financial inclusion for over 60 years even though it was not the buzzword at that time. Road transport financing for decades has been almost exclusively the NBFC domain.
The data to the credit bureaus have all been provided by the NBFCs simply because we have reached out to the unbanked areas and to the truck operators who have not had cash flow statements and balance-sheets to showcase. In the name of arbitrage, we are being driven deeper. We accept the greater rigour but we plead for harmony on all fronts.
If you want us to look and smell like banks, then we would also like the same treatment on all fronts in terms of benefits as well. The problem I have is that ‘We have been completely short-changed’. We have been hung out to dry.
Do you still stick to your previously stated view on a slower recovery in the CV sector?
While the mood is upbeat, we are not seeing revival on the ground. Industrial production has not picked up. There is no growth in consumer goods sector. Car production is flat (though there will be a spike in December because of the year-end offers. The big ticket freight items, which move on road, are very low. The growth challenge now is related to demand constriction. Credit off-take is not there as the demand situation is poor. I continue to believe that second-half of calendar 2015 is the likely timeline for a full recovery in the CV sector.
There is a speculation in certain quarters that could be an unheard of reduction in interest rates in January. What do you think?
If there is 100 basis points reduction, it will definitely set fire to industrial growth and production. I have not seen that kind of a one-time reduction in the past.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi looks to Bihar for future of farmingYou are here: Home > Collections > Farmers
Prime Minister Narendra Modi looks to Bihar for future of farming
Reuters Dec 8, 2014, 03.21AM IST
Tags:
Cargill Inc
(A Cargill's research shows Bihar's yields…)
PURNIA: From his sleepy village in Bihar, Ram Narain arrives at Gulab Bagh market to sell a truckload of corn that will fetch him enough money to buy a motorbike for his son, school uniforms for his daughter and a gift for his wife.
Narain and legions of farmers have more than doubled corn output in just five years by adopting hybrid seeds and good farm practices, a rare success story Prime Minister Narendra Modi wants to replicate in other states. He came to power six months ago by promising faster farm and economic growth.
Traders such as Cargill Inc, Glencore International AG and Louis Dreyfus Commodities BV have set up operations in Purnia, an administrative outpost that now buzzes with trading activity.
"Corn has come as a boon ... helping our children attend good schools and improving our living standards," Narain, 42, said, lending a hand to labourers unloading sacks at the mandi, or wholesale market.
Bihar had an initial advantage as corn is grown year-round to meet local food demand, making it a natural place for traders to seek supplies when demand began to rise. Other states were largely growing corn for animal feed.
The arrival of global traders and the establishment of a market for the crop gave small farmers the confidence to invest in higher-yielding hybrids.
Rising output encouraged banks, a commodity exchange and commodity collateral management companies to move in, opening up Bihar to regional and international trade.
"We acted as a catalyst by establishing a linkage between the market and farmers," B.K. Anand, chief of the grains and oilseeds division of Cargill India, told Reuters.
Local farmers say they now produce 7-8 tonnes a hectare, a figure confirmed by Cargill's own research which shows Bihar's yields catching up with the 10 tonnes achieved in the United States, the world's top producer.
India's average corn yield is just 2 tonnes.
  HIGHER YIELDS
Urbanisation and industrialisation are limiting available agricultural land. Increasing yields addresses the issue and cuts the relative cost of inputs like fertilisers.
India produces 23-24 million tonnes of corn, with Bihar accounting for nearly 3 million tonnes, according to trade and industry estimates. If other big producing states fail to match Bihar's gains, rising consumption would cut into Indian exports that now average 3.4-4.5 million tonnes a year.
With the advent of top-name traders competing for stocks, farmers are now making 12 rupees per kg against 2-3 rupees a few years ago, said Narain, who now grows corn on 2 hectares, up from less than a hectare 5 years ago.
Traders look to buy from local farmers living in the Gulab Bagh area because they can export to neighbouring Nepal and Bangladesh by road. The region is also close to six major ports on the east coast, including Kolkata.
"The daily corn arrival in the Gulab Bagh mandi is around 5,000 tonnes a day against 2,000 tonnes five years ago," reckons Chandan Daga, owner of wholesale trader Arihant Agri.
An assured market encouraged farmers to embrace hybrid seeds by companies such as DuPont Pioneer and they have kept pace with the latest varieties. GMO, or genetically modified, food crops are banned in India.
"Being sturdy and taller, the plants are not prone to rat infestation and damage after hailstorms," farmer Vinod Yadav said of his P3522 variety of seeds, looking at mounds of corn cobs in his back yard.
The government says it hopes to extend Bihar's success in boosting yields and to other leading corn growing states such as Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra.
"We are consulting concerned ministries like agriculture and government research bodies to see how this model can be replicated in other corn growing parts of the country," Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan said.
Buoyed by the sharp rise in physical trade, India's leading commodity exchange NCDEX last year launched a new contract setting Bihar's Gulab Bagh as a delivery centre. The new futures contract gives farmers an idea about the outlook for prices.
"Bihar reveals that by providing a market for farm goods and by allowing trade to determine its own course, we can write a success story even without any active government help," said Amit Sachdev, India representative of the US Grains Council.
FEATURED ARTICLES

DGCA will not review move to impose curbs on SpiceJetYou are here: Home > Collections > Spicejet
DGCA will not review move to impose curbs on SpiceJet
Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Dec 8, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Ashok Gajapati Raju
(Government officials said…)
NEW DELHI: The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) won't review its decision to impose curbs on SpiceJet until the airline can assure the regulator that it has enough cash to run operations.
"SpiceJet is a concern for us since it's consistently reducing flights. We have taken the decision only after SpiceJet could not show any money coming into the airline. They have been telling us that they are getting funds for the last three months but nothing has happened since then," said a senior DGCA official who did not want to be identified.
Government officials said Spice-Jet may decide on funding for the airline at a board meeting scheduled on Monday. SpiceJet confirmed the meeting but did not comment on the funding aspect.
On Friday, the regulator told SpiceJet to limit advance bookings to a month and withdrew 186 flight slots at various airports across the country. The move came after the troubled airline cancelled flights and moved to reduce its fleet by returning planes to leasing companies.
SpiceJet said on Saturday that the advance booking restriction will be counter-productive "and (it) will be discussing the pros and cons of this cooperatively with the DGCA." The regulator believes there can be no relaxation until the airline clears its dues.
"Our primary concerns are safety of operations by SpiceJet and also ensuring that passengers are not troubled. They cannot ensure that a passenger booked on a flight in March will be flown because they do not have enough money.
The airline has dues of over Rs 1,600 crore, contested by Spicejet, which says it is much less, that it owes to various vendors. They need to clear it first and only then can we even carry out any discussions with them on this issue," the DGCA official said.
According to government sources, the airline owes Rs 700 crore to lessors, Rs 550 crore to various vendors, Rs 100 crore to the income tax department and Rs 280 crore to airport operators. Union civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapati Raju supported the regulator's decision, saying the DGCA had not exceeded its brief.
"The action is precautionary because of the bad financial situation of the airline and (the regulator) feels that safety might not receive priority it ought to. We hope that the airline revives as we would like airlines to perform and improve connectivity," Raju said on Saturday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Andhra to repay loans of 71% farmers under Debt Redemption SchemeYou are here: Home > Collections > Farmers
Andhra Pradesh government to repay loans of 71% farmers in Phase 1 of Debt Redemption Scheme
PTI Dec 6, 2014, 08.13PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(There were a total of 32 lakh…)
HYDERABAD: As many as 22.79 lakh farmers, constituting 71 per cent of their population in Andhra Pradesh , will be relieved of their debt burden of up to Rs 50,000 each on December 10 under a State Government scheme, an official said today.
There were a total of 32 lakh agricultural families in the 13 districts of the State as per the 2011 Census, Parakala Prabhakar , Communications Advisor to the AP Government, told a press conference.
"In the first phase of the Debt Redemption Scheme , all the debt up to Rs 50,000 of each farmer will be repaid to the banks (on December 10).
"The verification process is going on with respect to other farmers who have a debt burden of over Rs 50,000 to Rs 1.5 lakh, the upper limit set by the Government."
"Once it is completed, 20 per cent of the aggregate amount will be paid now and the balance in four annual instalments of 20 per cent each," Parakala added.
He, however, declined to divulge the sum the Government would be paying the banks in the first tranche towards debt redemption.
"Whatever be the amount, the Government will pay. We will know the exact figure only after the debt of the last farmer has been repaid," he said.
Coming down on YSR Congress President Y S Jaganmohan Reddy for 'misleading people and farmers' on the scheme, the Advisor wondered how he was claiming there were over 80 lakh to 1 crore farmers in the state when the 2011 Census clearly established the number as 32 lakh.
Prabhakar said the scheme was 'very scientifically' designed to ensure not a single rupee was misutilised.
"Despite carrying a budgetary deficit of Rs 16,000 crore, the Government has taken a bold step to relieve farmers of their debt burden. But Jagan is misleading people by spreading falsehood about the scheme," he alleged.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Look who has impressed Salman Khan nowCelebrity
Varun Dhawan in 'Bigg Boss 8' house
'Raghu' Varun Dhawan is overwhelmed with superstar Salman Khan's comment on his look from the upcoming movie 'Badlapur'.
You might also like:
Salman Khan has been a godfather to many young talents; nevertheless, the star never misses out an opportunity to compliment actors and actresses for their work.
1 / 30
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Mon 8 Dec, 2014 10:30 AM IST

Telangana to flaunt quick approval for investmentAndhra Pradesh
(The move from the country's…)
HYDERABAD: A week after unveiling its industrial policy incorporating right to clearances within a fortnight, claimed to be the world's first, Telangana is now preparing to showcase its quick-approval mechanism by clearing two large foreign investment proposals.
The world's largest furniture retail chain, IKEA, and beverages giant Coca-Cola are set to get quick approvals for their projects. While IKEA chose Hyderabad for its first India store with a proposed investment of $100 million (about Rs 620 crore), Coca-Cola has evinced interest in setting up a Rs 1,000-crore facility near the state capital.
The move from the country's newest state assumes significance in the backdrop of the proposed Hyderabad visit of IKEA's India chief executive, Juvencio Maeztu, sometime this fortnight.
"The Telangana Rashtra Samithi government, which spent months to incorporate the best elements of available industrial policies the world over, is determined to demonstrate its intent on cutting red tape and luring large-scale industrial investments," industries secretary K Pradeep Chandra told ET.
"Towards this, the entire government machinery related to supporting the industrial investments is now being geared up to keep all the systems in place to accord quick approvals, through a single application by the prospective investors," the industries secretary said.
A number of large prospective investors, both domestic and global, are awaiting clarity on the sector and location-specific incentives that the Centre had promised to provide to Telangana under the Andhra Pradesh State Reorganisation Act, he said
Some of the companies, which already have operations in and around Hyderabad, have announced expansions involving at least Rs 10,000 crore of total investments after the state was born on June 2. These include the Tata group that announced a few aerospace investments, Tata Consultancy Services, Microsoft and Cognizant which are setting up new campuses, ITC and Dura Line. Several pharmaceutical firms have evinced interest in setting up units in the newly-proposed mega pharmaceutical city, coming up over 11,000 acres near Hyderabad where the government is eyeing a potential of Rs 30,000 crore investment over the next few years. "Demonstration of quicker and hassle-free approvals in the shortest span without red tape by the Telangana government should automatically help the investors, both domestic and multinational, volunteering to spread the word and acting as ambassadors," said Pradeep Chandra.
Appreciating the efforts of the government in putting elements in place for fast clearances, Confederation of Indian Industry's state chapter chairperson Vanitha Datla said: "It should really help the government in attracting more investments. Self-certification by prospective investors and minimum inspections by government officials are some of the positive features of the new industrial policy, which should help the industry to stick to project implementation schedules."
 
However, Telangana Industrialists' Forum president K Sudheer Reddy views that there were many aspects that the government should have paid attention to for not just attracting fresh investments but also helping existing industries, some of which are on the verge of turning sick. "Uninterrupted power supply is a major ingredient to attract investments and unfortunately we don't have adequate power supplies for the industry at present. The government should address this at the earliest through effective medium- to long-term plans.
Meanwhile, the industry should be encouraged with tax incentives to go for captive power generation units." While welcoming the incentives and tax reimbursements proposed by the state government, Reddy said: "The government should look into doing away with reimbursement mechanism which makes the industry to invest first and claim reimbursement later, leading to not just blocking the precious working capital during the initial years, but also giving scope to red tape and corrupt practices during the reimbursement process."
According to Reddy, some Rs 700 crore of tax reimbursement arrears are piled up with the government over the last three years and no adequate budgetary allocations have been made to clear them. "Taking into view the many adverse conditions faced by the MSME (micro, small and medium enterprises) sector over the last few years, including severe power crisis that made them operate at less than 50 per cent of capacity, the government should consider extending the period of incentives to them by at least three years to help them come out of sickness," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nitin Gadkari lashes out at Opposition for projecting BJP as anti-DalitBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:34 pm
Union Minister Nitin Gadkari on Monday said the Central government was not only committed to social equality for Dalits but also economic justice for them, as he lashed out at opposition parties for projecting BJP as
anti-Dalit and anti-minority.
Addressing a rally organised by his party MP Udit Raj at Ramlila Maidan, Gadkari said Narendra Modi government should be judged on its policies and work and not on the “propaganda spread” by other parties.
“Wherever and whenever BJP gets a chance to rule, we work for your rights and respect…Nowadays economic justice is also being discussed along with social justice. Let me assure you we are committed to social justice for you as well as economic justice.
“This poison is spread against us that we are anti- Dalits, anti-minority or anti-backward caste. It is completely wrong. Our government must be judged by our policies and work,” Gadkari said.
His comments came following demands by several speakers that SCs and STs be given reservation in private sector and judiciary and reservation in promotion should also be ensured to them.
Raj, whose All India Confederation of SC/ST Organisations held the rally, demanded reservation for the community in contractual employment, saying a large number of recruitments is being done by contract and no reservation policy is followed there.
Apna Dal MP Anupriya Patel, whose party is also a BJP ally, said, the benefits of reservation have still not reached these communities completely and demanded quota for them in private sector.
Delhi BJP President Satish Upadhyay and BJP’s Chief Whip in Lok Sabha Arjun Ram Meghwal also spoke during the rally.

PM Narendra Modi addresses rally in Kashmir  says finger pressing EVM more powerful than one on AK-47picture  others
PM Narendra Modi addresses rally in Kashmir, says finger pressing EVM more powerful than one on AK-47
Three days after the deadly terror attack that killed 11 security personnel,Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said a finger pressed on an EVM is more powerful than the one on an AK-47 trigger as he asked the people of Jammu and Kashmir to give a decisive mandate to BJP.  (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Narendra Modi also said the resettlement of displaced people is a national responsibility and his government will ensure that those who have been displaced are rehabilitated.  (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
"The finger pressed on an EVM is more powerful than a finger pressed on the trigger of an AK-47," Modi said addressing an election rally here, ahead of the third round of  voting in the state tomorrow.  (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Modi's visit comes just three days after a deadly terror attack in Uri by Pakistani terrorists that killed 11 security personnel including an Lt Col of the Army. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Modi said the misguided youth are now feeling the burden of an AK47 and craving for Android 1, a platform for mobile phones. He also hit out at what he called the "dynastic rule" in the state and said that J&K needs a stable government. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
"You have seen the rule of the father and son. You have seen the rule of the father and daughter. Have they done any thing for you?" he said in an indirect reference to National Conference and PDP rule.  There is a need for a majority government, a BJP government in J&K, he said. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
The Prime Minister said that the youth of the state needs employment and development, which only BJP can give. The Prime Minister once again did not mention the controversial issue of abrogation of Article 370.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the election rally at Sher-e-Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar on Monday. (Source: Express Photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
Related

CCI gives nod to Sun-Ranbaxy Merger  asks to divest 7 drug assetsCCI gives nod to Sun-Ranbaxy Merger, asks to divest 7 drug assets
Digbijay Mishra & Deepak Patel | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 12:58 AM IST
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has approved the proposed merger between Sun Pharmaceutical Industries and Ranbaxy Laboratories, which will result in a combined entity with annual sales worth $4.3 billion, making it the fifth-largest generic drug maker globally.
The CCI nod, however, came with a rider. To ensure there is no monopoly, the commission has asked the companies to sell assets relating to seven drugs. The asset divestment could be worth about Rs 50 crore, said analysts at Nomura Financial and Securities (India). The two companies will have six months to comply with the CCI’s condition.
Sun Pharma will have to divest all products containing tamsulosin and tolterodine, currently marketed and supplied under the Tamlet brand. For Ranbaxy, all products containing leuprorelin, marketed and supplied under the Eligard brand, will have to be divested. In case Sun Pharma doesn’t divest the distribution rights of Eligard within six months, it will have to divest its products containing leuprorelin that are currently marketed and supplied under its Lupride brand, according to the CCI report.
Ranbaxy will have to divest the brands Terlibax, Rosuvas EZ, Raciper L, Terlibax, Triolvance, Olanex F.
For the merger, the two companies will also have to secure clearances from the US Federal Trade Commission and the High Court of Punjab and Haryana.
In addition to 49 relevant markets where these drugs were sold, the CCI also identified two relevant markets for formulations. In these two markets, Sun Pharma is already marketing and selling its products, while Ranbaxy has a pipeline of products to be launched in the near future.
In July, the commission had said prima facie, the proposed entity was likely to lead to an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. “It is observed there are horizontal overlaps between the products of the parties in various molecules,” the regulator said in a report on Monday.
Analysts say the divestment of seven drugs will not have a major impact on the company in terms of market share and revenue. “The combined entity will have 300-400 brands and divesting seven of those will not be much of an issue. They have to do this within six months; that should be doable for both the companies,” said Sarabjit Kaur Nangra of Angel Broking.
To ensure there was no monopoly in the market in the future, the CCI also took into account the pipeline products of both the companies. In July, the commission had issued a show-cause notice, asking the two companies to state why an investigation should not be conducted into their proposed combination. After receiving a response, it had sought comment on the merger from the public.
The all-share deal, the largest in the pharmaceutical sector in the Asia-Pacific region this year, is seen as a rare purchase of a local rival by a leading Indian company. The buyout is valued at $3.2 billion. As Sun Pharma will also acquire Ranbaxy’s debt of about $800 million, the overall transaction value stands at $4 billion.
Under the terms of the deal, Ranbaxy shareholders will get 0.8 Sun Pharma share for each Ranbaxy share held. The deal values Ranbaxy shares at Rs 457 apiece, a premium of 18 per cent to the 30-day volume-weighted average share price.
In 2008, Daiichi-Sankyo had acquired 63.9 per cent stake in Ranbaxy for $4.2 billion. But the value of its investment has halved through the years, as Daiichi hasn't been able to ensure compliance with norms at Ranbaxy's factories supplying drugs to the US.

Sensex falls 338 points  Nifty down 1.17 per centMARKET UPDATE: Sensex falls 338 points; Nifty down 1.17%, Infosys falls 5%
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 19:13 IST
Photo: Reuters
Stock markets logged their worst single-session drop in eight weeks on Monday with Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex plunging about 339 points and National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty slipping 100 points on losses in Infosys, where co-founders sold $1 billion worth shares, and other bluechips like TCS, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank.
M&M, Sesa Sterlite, Dr Reddys, Hindalco and Tata Steel counters dropped in 2-4 per cent range. L&T, RIL and Tata Motors were also under pressure.
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell to touch the day's low of 28,097.12 following fall in recent outperformers like HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank. However, the index attempted to rebound as it touched the session's high of 28,494.85 on value buying.
Participants, however, later again resorted to selling, spread over a broad front. Sensex settled the day at 28119.40, down 338.70 points, or 1.19 per cent. On Friday, it had slipped 104.72 points on profit-selling. This 338.7-point drop is its worst since October 16 when it fell 349.99 points.
On similar lines, the NSE 50-share Nifty dipped below the key 8,500-mark by tumbling 100.05 points, or 1.17 per cent, to close, at 8,438.25. Intra-day, it traded in a range between 8,432.25 and 8,546.35. This was also its worst drop since October 16 (fall of 115.80 points).
"The decline was led by the IT counters as sentiments got a hit after some of the founders of IT major Infosys decided to sell $1.1 billion shares. Further, profit booking in capital goods, consumer durables and banking stocks also pushed the benchmark in red," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Infosys counter fell 4.88 per cent, the worst performer in Sensex,. TCS tumbled 2.51 per cent and Wipro shed 1.62 per cent in line with weak trend in IT shares.
Shares of metal companies, including Sesa, Hindalco and Tata Steel, faced selling after weak Chinese trade data.
Sectorwise, BSE IT index suffered the most by losing 3.18 per cent, followed by Teck 2.58 per cent, Realty 1.80 per cent, Capital Goods 1.72 per cent and Consumer Durables 1.41 per cent. Overall, 11 of the 12 sectoral indices ended in red.
Pressure was also seen in smaller stocks. BSE Small cap index ended 0.87 per cent down while the Mid-cap index shed as much as 1.22 per cent.
Global cues were mixed with Asian bourses ending higher and Europe was down in its opening trades.
Foreign Portfolio Investors sold shares worth net Rs 109.45 crore on Friday as per provisional data.

Woman s death: Rampal sent to 3-day police custodyBy: Press Trust of India | Hisar (haryana) |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:26 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 7:28 pm
A local court today remanded self-styled godman Rampal in 3-day police custody in connection with the death of a woman follower during the recent standoff between his disciples and police.
Rampal was produced before the court of Judicial Magistrate (Hisar) Prateek Jain after the completion of his 7-day police remand relating to a sedition case registered against him on November 19.
Police sought 5-day police remand in connection with death of a woman who along with four other women and an infant were killed during the over 10-day faceoff in Satlok Ashram.
The court sent Rampal in 3-day police remand in this case.
The case was registered against Rampal and others under section 302 of the IPC (murder).
The 63-year-old controversial godman was arrested from his ashram at Barwala in Hisar on November 19.
He was produced before the Punjab and Haryana High Court a day after his arrest in connection with a contempt case and was sent to police custody for five days by a court.
Rampal has been slapped with cases of sedition, murder, attempt to murder, waging war against the state government, rioting, illegal detention and others.
Violent clashes between followers of Rampal and police led to death of five women and an infant and left over 200 people, including some policemen, injured.

GVK Bio may redo studies doubted by European drug regulatorGVK Bio may redo studies doubted by European drug regulator
PTI     Hyderabad   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 20:18 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
GVK Biosciences is ready to redo the studies that were questioned by the European drug regulator, European Medicines Agency (EMA), a top executive said in Hyderabad on Monday.
Maintaining that recent development is a 'body-blow', GVK Biosciences Chief Executive Officer Manni Kantipudi said the drug studies have come to a standstill at the Hyderabad facility as requested by the clients, resulting in erosion of order book to the tune of Rs 50 crore.
"Customers are asking one of the three things. They say please redo the studies in Ahmadabad. Some of them have said please redo the studies somewhere else but you bear the cost and some are saying please refund my money. we are willing to do any of the three options," Kantipudi said in a press conference, adding that it is essentially satisfying the customer.
He also opined that some of the customers may even ask GVK Bio to pay damages in the event of drug recalls related to the studies conducted by the city-based company.
European Medicines Agency (EMA) had recently said in a statement that it is reviewing findings of 'non-compliance' with good clinical practice at the GVK's Hyderabad facility and determining its impact on medicines authorised on the basis of studies performed there.
Germany, France, Luxembourg and Belgium have already decided to suspend marketing authorisations of these drugs.
Maintaining that they would respect EU's decision, Kantipudi said the company did not have any operational rationale to do 'manipulations' in terms of money or time.
"We have not had a single order since August. They stop coming. The customers say no more orders till this issue is resolved. I don't know how much time, it will take another 3 to 6 months to put it off.
"Even existing orders were put on hold. Each day we see order book dwindling. About Rs 50 crore order book was impacted," the CEO said.
He said the veracity of ECG reports that were 'questioned' by French regulator ANSM have been examined by independent cardiologists and their opinion was submitted to the EU.
Replying to a query, he said it would cost about Rs 30 lakh to redo the studies, which the company is willing to bear on behalf of the clients.

Parliament impasse comes to an endParliament impasse comes to an end
Our Bureau/Agencies
Union Minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti at Parliament House in New Delhi on Monday
Opposition agrees to ‘mild’ resolution on Sadhvi remarks
New Delhi, December 8:  
Confusion among opposition parties on whether or not to continue with their protest demanding the resignation of Minister of State Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti helped the Centre find a way to end the week-long impasse in Parliament. Finally, the Opposition agreed to a much toned down resolution.
Jyoti’s recent election campaign speech here had triggered a furore, leading to a nearly one-week impasse in both Houses of Parliament.
The Opposition had been demanding a resolution condemning the “attempts to outrage Constitution by making inflammatory speeches”. However, it had to be satisfied with an appeal from Rajya Sabha Chairman Hamid Ansari to all politicians to maintain civility in public discourse.
The statement, read out by Ansari, said: “This House, while acknowledging the statement of the Prime Minister, made in this House on the December 4, appeals to all members of Parliament, Ministers and leaders of all political parties to maintain civility at all costs in public discourse for the successful functioning of Parliamentary democracy and to uphold our commitment to constitutional values.”
PM’s statement
A senior Cabinet Minister later said the Opposition did not want to continue with the agitation. “We had opposed their resolution. They finally agreed that the Prime Minister’s statement was enough. They should have agreed to this earlier,” he said. Both the Houses resumed business as the impasse ended.
In the morning, Ansari convened a meeting of leaders of all parties to end the stalemate. Opposition leaders were ready to allow members’ business, such as Zero Hour and Question Hour, while they insisted that a resolution should be moved against such inflammatory statements. The meeting finally agreed for a statement from the Chair against uncivil remarks by parliamentarians and politicians.
The Centre now hopes to take up all the pending legislations. “I understand that there is a heavy agenda. Lot of Bills are there for discussion, debate and then decision. And there are a lot of other issues that the Opposition friends want to raise,” Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu told reporters after the meeting.
Trilokpuri meeting
The BJP today relocated the scheduled nukkad sabha (street corner meeting) venue of Jyoti following police instructions. Jyoti, who was to address a meeting this evening at Block-36 of Trilokpuri, which witnessed communal violence last month, will now be holding it at Block-34. The police had asked the BJP this morning to look for a new venue.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

The RBI governor is not a betting manRathin Roy: The RBI governor is not a betting man
Rathin Roy |  Dec 08, 2014 09:44 PM IST
The recently released policy review statement of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is all about expectations. It is explicit about inflationary expectations and asserts that should inflationary expectations be revised downwards, a change in monetary policy stance - namely, some lowering of the policy repo rate - can be expected early next year. However, it is clear that the RBI also has implicit expectations from the government. The review signals that the RBI's monetary policy stance and its assessment of the state of India's economy are contingent on these expectations being realised.
There are three macroeconomic variables that impact the RBI's expectations: growth, inflation and the current account balance. On growth, the RBI reads the contemporary situation thus: agriculture growth in the current fiscal year is likely to be muted. The growth picture for services is mixed. Industrial growth is still way too low to contribute to a sustained a non-trivial increase in gross domestic product (GDP) growth. Most important, the report asserts that "the still slow pace of reviving stalled projects, despite government efforts, warrants policy priority". The RBI, thus, takes the view that little has as yet changed materially on the growth front.
This leads the RBI to conclude that any reduction in the policy repo rate would have largely "signaling effects". A cut would positively impact "animal spirits" and market sentiments, and, therefore, potentially spur growth-enhancing activities. However, the real effect of an interest rate cut is to lower the cost of funds and thereby to stimulate investment and growth. This is not expected to be large, as the RBI's identification of the principal bottleneck concurs with mine - there are institutional and supply-side bottlenecks to both domestic and foreign investment that need to be overcome before investment demand responds directly to lower cost of capital. A cut in interest rates will make Mumbai more cheerful and keep the stock market happy, but it will have limited real economy effects. For these to kick in, the pace of reforms must accelerate. It is only after reforms deliver the expected growth dividend that it becomes analytically meaningful to draw inverse correlations between the policy repo rate and incremental economic activity.
On inflation, the RBI has expectations about government fiscal policy. It sees the fiscal outlook as uncertain, and is sceptical about the quality of eventual fiscal adjustment. This is a reasonable reading based on current facts. The most recent medium-term fiscal policy statement continues to plan for the government to borrow to consume, with privileged first access to domestic savings. There have been gloomy reports about shortfalls in tax revenue targets. There is little concrete happening on expenditure control in the immediate present, other than the ceremonial, low-credibility circulars on austerity routinely issued by the department of expenditure. On disinvestment, there is accelerated activity, but receipts of the magnitude forecast in the last Budget are not expected to accrue to the treasury before the end of the current fiscal year. In any case, fiscal credibility will not be enhanced if disinvestment proceeds are used to finance government consumption expenditure.
The review asserts that "the government ... appears determined to stay on course". But staying on course, would, like changes in the repo rate, only send out good vibes. The kind of structural changes that need to be made to fiscal-policy design and execution have yet to happen; until they do, the outlook is not materially different from six months ago. Hence, no abatement in inflationary pressures can be expected from a central government that is borrowing largely to consume. The RBI expects change, presumably commencing in the next Budget, but must hold its current view until this actually happens.
This is a reasonable stance for the present. It is equally reasonable for the RBI to have optimistic expectations about the future. Falling oil prices, some improvement in the export situation and a well-managed currency are all noted as cause for optimism. The government has embarked upon a slew of important structural reforms. It has begun to dismantle some of the stifling institutional architecture that has made doing business in India so difficult. It has committed to a monetary policy framework, a comprehensive modern Indian financial code and important tax policy reforms. Disinvestment actions have commenced. The first concrete recommendations of the expenditure management commission should be implemented in the next Budget.
So a lot is happening in the present continuous tense. However, getting the economy into a position where it is structurally capable of delivering sustained high growth with moderate inflation and a well-managed external account requires us to move from the present continuous to the present perfect tense. That can only happen in instalments, and the RBI will, therefore, continue to calibrate its policy stance based not just on how it influences market expectations, but also on how well the government delivers on the expectations the RBI has from it. Whether, and when, it changes the policy repo rate is of limited economic significance outside this context, unless you are placing short-term bets on the financial markets. And the governor, clearly, is not a betting man.
The writer is director, National Institute of Public Finance and Policy
rr1@nipfp.org.in

Vanguard aims fire at financial advisers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c353e40a-7c97-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nepal wants petroleum product pipeline as  gift  from IndiaTamil Nadu govt floats tenders for 11 lakh laptops
Nepal wants the petroleum product pipeline proposed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi as a ‘gift’ from India. However, the Himalayan nation is not willing to offer a 25-year exclusive contract to Indian Oil (IOC), which will lay the 41-km pipeline between the neighbours.
“Nepal considers the entire project as a ‘gift’ from India and does not want to use the line of credit available to it for this project. They also do not want to give IOC the exclusive right for supply of petroleum products through this pipeline and do not want to tie themselves down to a 25-year agreement,” a senior government official told FE.
The proposal is to construct a product pipeline from Raxaul (Bihar) in India to Amlekhganj in Nepal. This pipeline would eliminate the need for transportation of petrol and other petroleum products across the border via tankers. Of 41-km pipeline, about 39 km would lie in Nepal. At the same time, the Raxual depot would have to be upgraded and linked to the Barauni refinery through Motihari depot.
According to the proposal mooted by India, the estimated cost of laying the pipeline would be around R150 crore, which IOC will bear. But, the PSU firm in return would seek a long-term agreement for 25 years with Nepal Oil Corporation (NOC) to operate the pipeline.
Moreover, a survey undertaken by IOC and NOC has established the pipeline may be laid along the National Highway corridor, thereby, obviating the need for land acquisition.
The cost of a new automated terminal at Amlekhganj would cost close to R300 crore. However, by retrofitting the existing facilities it can be brought down by half to R100-150 crore. For this, the government of Nepal may seek a line of credit from the ministry of external affairs (MEA), said the official.
To deepen economic ties with Nepal, Prime Minister Modi during his visit to the country in August had put forward the proposal to lay a pipeline to supply petrol, diesel and ATF. Following Modi’s visit, Nepal’s minister for commerce and supplies Sunil Bahadur Thapa also called on minister of state (independent charge) for petroleum and natural gas Dharmendra Pradhan in October to discuss the modalities of the implementation of this project.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Nepal
More from economy

IITs  IIMs to soon offer open online coursesGovernment interest spurs IITs, IIMs to take Massive Open Online Courses Route
Anumeha Chaturvedi & Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 05.54AM IST
Tags:
IIM Calcutta
(While IIT Bombay and IIM…)
NEW DELHI: Premier institutions like the Indian Institutes of Technology and Indian Institutes of Management are planning to go the Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) way, in the backdrop of Prime Minister Narendra Modi planning an ambitious launch of the Swayam Bharat programme.
While IIT Bombay (IIT-B) and IIM Bangalore have already announced the launch of MOOCs with overseas partners, IIM Calcutta (IIM-C) could be next in line, with the institute submitting a proposal to the HRD ministry. IIT Kanpur is developing its own platform for MOOCs called MOOKIT, which might soon start competing with popular international MOOC platforms like edX and Coursera.
"MOOCs and online delivery is clearly the future," says IIM-C director Saibal Chattopadhyay. IIT-B is currently trying out two courses, the basic computer programming course for undergraduates and a thermodynamics course, in the MOOCs mode. "More are planned. There have been multiple meetings with MHRD and IIT Bombay expects to be a very active partner in the government's initiative," says Narayan Rangaraj, dean — academic programmes.
Apart from working on MOOKIT that will help delivering the MOOCs, IIT Kanpur is also engaged in developing MOOCs around verticals like agriculture and computer science, says TV Prabhakar, professor at the institute.
IIT Kanpur has just wrapped up its MOOC on MOOCs programme where over 2,300 students participated and is currently offering two more MOOC programmes. It is also running a 'MOOC on Mobiles'. The interest in MOOCs among premier institutions is being attributed to a heightened interest in online education by the new government.
"It is a clear mandate from the government as in the last Budget, Rs 100 crore was allocated to online education for MOOCs and virtual classrooms," says Rohin Kapoor, senior manager (Education practice) at Deloitte. MOOCs might also help achieve the target of training 500 million people by 2022, he adds.
IIM Bangalore is planning to launch courses on the edX platform in 2015. The institute is also planning to engage around 15 per cent of its faculty to deliver MOOCs over the next two years, according to its director, Sushil Vachani.
IIM Indore and IIT Gandhinagar have been running broadband distance learning programmes and are now keen on running some courses on the MOOC platform. "We are looking forward to the creation of a MOOCs platform by MHRD, and plan to use it," says IIM Indore's director Rishikesha Krishnan. IIT Patna is planning to start flipped classrooms wherein a student can study material on MOOCs and then attend a live class anywhere in the country.
"Only to some extent do MOOCs bridge the skills gap, since it's a oneway communication. However, it can be successful in a flipped model as it will enhance learning and build a platform for collaborative discussions," says Ajai Chowdhry, founder of HCL, who also teaches at IIT Patna.
 
Like IIT Kanpur, IIT Kharagpur too is working on solutions around MOOCs. It is developing automatic programmes to grade assignments in MOOC programmes. "We are also working on 'learning analytics', which will help us track the students' pattern of learning. Both these programmes should make MOOCs more interactive," says Plaban Kumar Bhowmick, assistant professor at IIT Kharagpur's Centre for Educational Technology.
Working on MOOCs, NPTEL, which is closely working with IIT Madras, launched its first course on programming algorithms and data structures this year and will be launching eight new courses in January including humanities.
"We've also introduced the element of proctored examinations wherein students who get 50 per cent in their online examinations are eligible to sit for an exam at our centres all over the country," says Prathap Haridoss, NPTEL coordinator and professor at IIT Madras. NPTEL provides an online certification at the end of the exam, where IIT representatives act as invigilators.
IIT Guwahati (IIT-G) has proposed two courses for the Swayam Bharat Platform (managed by IIT-B). IIT-G is also partnering with IIT-M for NPTEL MOOCs. It has participated in the two courses already conducted by IIT-M under NPTEL.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Crude likely to fall to $60 a barrel in near termCrude likely to fall to $60 a barrel in near to medium term: Experts
Ramkrishna Kashelkar & Ram Sahgal, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.07AM IST
(A put option lets a buyer…)
MUMBAI: Crude oil looks more bearish, and even though analysts don't rule out a technical rebound, the price could fall to $60 a barrel in the near to medium term, boding well for India. The country's oil import bill at $94.55 billion on a net basis in the fiscal year through March 2014 accounted for a fifth of its total import bill.
The bearishness in crude oil is borne out by options data on Nymex, a designated marketplace of the US-based CME group, the world's largest derivatives exchange. Traders take positions on West Texas Intermediate or WTI crude on Nymex. This oil trades at a discount to Brent but the price signals it sends out have a bearing on the crude price here, subject to currency stability.
Intraday data on Monday showed bearish positions being created in the most active $65 strike price — the price at which an option can be exercised — not just in the front month or January contract, which expires in seven days, but also in contracts right through April. The bearish positions have been created by traders who have purchased put options at a $65 strike price.
A put option lets a buyer sell crude at the strike price even if the price of oil falls below $65 plus the premium the purchaser has paid. The people selling the put options are called writers. They sell the puts either as a hedging strategy or because they feel oil might not fall below a certain level.
The $65 put option intraday price rose by 41 cents to $1.49, indicating that those who bet oil would fall below that level made money. More interestingly, traders seem to be so confident that prices of oil would fall further that some, in addition to buying puts, are actually writing call options at a $65 strike price.
A seller of a call option feels prices of the underlier (oil) would not rise above a certain level, in this case $65, while a buyer feels the underlier would rise above $65 plus the premium he's paid to buy the contract.
The open interest — outstanding buy or sell positions — of the $65 call option hit a contract lifetime high of 6,152 units on Friday, even as the price of the option slipped to $1.92 from $2.73 the previous day. The rise in open interest of the call is attributed to more of options selling than buying by analysts. The price of the $65 call option fell from Friday's $1.92 to $1.21 intraday on Monday.
This indicates buyers of the call saw their premium value fall in value, and sellers earning the premium. "Crude looks very bearish going by the options data," said SK Joshi, former CFO of BPCL and head of wealth management at Khambatta Securities.
"In addition to huge positions in puts being built, the fact that open interest of the $65 call has increased even as its price has dropped suggests probably that some traders are writing call options with confidence that oil just may not rise above that level."
"It's possible that a technical rebound in crude could take place to $70-72 from which level the price could correct once again," said Krishna Nathani, MD, indiabullion. com, a south India-based commodity research firm. The WTI crude contract on Nymex has fallen more than 36% to around $65 a barrel from a high of $102.4 on June 25.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congress gives a go ahead to Insurance Bill in Select Committee: sources26
0
New Delhi: In a boost to the Narendra Modi government's reform agenda, the Congress has given a go-ahead to the Insurance Bill in the Select Committee, said sources. The government has proposed to hike foreign direct investment from 26 per cent to 49 per cent in the insurance sector.
The Left parties, Janata Dal United, Trinamool Congress and Samajwadi Party are likely to give a dissenting note and passage of the Bill will not be a smooth affair where the ruling NDA does not have a majority of its own. The Committee is likely to table its report in Rajya Sabha on December 10 and the bill could possibly be taken up for consideration next week.
With the Select Committee adopting the draft report, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley expressed the hope that the insurance market expansion would expand once the Bill is passed by Parliament.
The Left parties, Janata Dal United, Trinamool Congress and Samajwadi Party are likely to give a dissenting note on the Bill.
#winter session #parliament #insurance amendment bill #select committee
Jaitely expressed the hope during a meeting with British insurer Standard Life's Chairman Gerry Grimstone and Kotak Group chief Uday Kotak.
"The Finance Minister expressed his sense of satisfaction as the Parliamentary Select Committee has given its recommendations with regard to the Insurance Amendment Bill referred to it," an official statement said.
The panel's chairman Chandan Mitra said: "The draft report on the Insurance Bill was adopted by the Select Committee. We will table it in the Rajya Sabha on December 10."
The members, he said, have been given time till Wednesday evening to submit their dissent notes, if any.
The bill was initially introduced by Congress-led UPA government in the Rajya Sabha.
The Select Committee was set up in August by the Rajya Sabha to scrutinise the Insurance Laws. The 15-member panel was asked to submit its final report by December 12 to Rajya Sabha.
(With additional information from PTI)
10

Current account deficit rises to 2.1% in Q2 on gold importsCurrent account deficit rises to 2.1% in Q2 on gold imports
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 08:51 IST
The current account deficit widened to $10.1 billion or 2.1 per cent of GDP for the September quarter as against 1.2 per cent in the year-ago period due to higher trade deficit, the Reserve Bank said on Monday.
The current account deficit (CAD) is the net difference between inflows and outflows of foreign currencies.
"The increase in CAD was primarily on account of higher trade deficit contributed by both a deceleration in export growth and increase in imports," the RBI said.
Merchandise exports growth dipped 4.9 per cent in the second quarter, while there was an 8.1 per cent surge in imports on higher inbound gold shipments.
For the first six months of 2014-15, the current account gap narrowed to 1.9 per cent or $17.9 billion from 3.1 per cent in the same period a year-ago, the RBI data showed.
There was a net accretion of $6.9 billion to the forex reserves during the reporting quarter as against a drawdown of $10.4 billion.
Net inflows of NRI deposits at $4.1 billion in Q2 were lower than the $8.2 billion notched up during the days of rupee fall in the year ago period, the RBI said.
External commercial borrowings by enterprises at $1.4 billion in were higher than $1.3 billion year-on-year.
CAD was 1.2 per cent in the second quarter of the previous fiscal on unconventional moves to arrest the rupee slide. It stood at 1.7 per cent for the preceding June quarter this year.
On services, the net services improved by 3.4 per cent on a pick-up in telecommunications, computer and information services, the RBI said.

Fighting sanctions  Russia opens up for business with IndiaRussia’s rough diamonds’ bonanza for India on cards
Pramit Pal Chaudhuri , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 00:44 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 12:01 IST(9/12/2014)
Comments
Cornered by Western sanctions, Russia is selling resources at rock bottom prices to other parts of the world. India is in a position to do the same when Russian President Vladimir Putin comes for his state visit this week — if New Delhi negotiates properly.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Russian President Vladimir Putin at an informal BRICS meeting ahead of the G20 Summit in Brisbane, Australia. (PTI File Photo)
“Everything is on offer, but India has to determine what it wants,” says Nandan Unnikrishnan, senior fellow and head of Eurasian studies of the Observer Research Foundation.
Russia struck a deal a few days ago with Turkey for natural gas that the European Union spurned, but Ankara got a 6% discount on the already low EU price — some reports say final price was lesser.
Partners in arms, energy, tech: Putin for deeper ties with India
 
Beijing had earlier forced Moscow to accept gas prices that Russia rejected a few years ago. China has also received a 25% price reduction in potash shipments, a key fertiliser ingredient. India and China are the primary importers of Russian potash.
The biggest deal Prime Minister Narendra Modi seems set to strike with Putin, say a number of sources, is for diamonds. Here, New Delhi’s success lies not in prices but in concluding a deal in the first place.
The Putin state visit is expected to lead to Alrosa, the Russian consortium that is collectively the world’s largest diamond producer, agreeing to directly deliver rough diamonds to Indian firms, many centred in Gujarat. Direct shipments would save Indian firms somewhere in the region of `70 to 80 billion a year, say industry estimates.
“Putin will attend the World Diamond Conference as part of this,” says Tatiana Shaumian, head of the Centre for Indian Studies, in Moscow’s Institute of Oriental Studies. “The diamond trade has a great future between the two countries.”
It helps India’s gem industry has grown large enough for Alrosa to pay attention. “In the past, when state-owned MMTC was the main buyer, the offtake was in the $100 million region. Today, we are probably capable of over one billion dollars,” Unnikrishnan said.
India has also sought lower potash prices. However, these waters have been muddied by a breakdown of a Russian and Belarussian duopoly. India will be looking for a longer-term agreement and possibly equity shares in some of the smaller Russian potash firms.

Uber cab driver accused of rape was trying to flee to Nepal after crime: PoliceHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
The Uber cab driver, who had allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman here on Friday night in his taxi, was planning to flee to Nepal before police arrested him in the nick of time from Mathura in Uttar Pradesh.
The accused, identified as Shiv Kumar Yadav, had married his own widowed sister-in-law and had told her and his stepson to be ready with the baggage.
“He had purchased a new mobile phone and SIM card in Mathura and was in touch with them through that. He had told them that he had had an altercation with someone and they were trying to implicate him in a false case so they should leave their rented accommodation in Chandrapuri locality of Mathura. He was collecting money to either flee to Nepal or Gorakhpur,” said a senior police official.
Yadav was using three mobile phones and police will take him to Meerut to recover the smartphone which had the Uber App used in the crime.
During his three days in police custody, investigators will try and determine whether he victimized his other feamle customers as well.
“He has been driving taxi in the national capital for the last several years. He was with Uber during the last six months. We would thoroughly check whether he was involved in any other crime,” he said.
Senior police officials also said that they are now going to run a check with all the radio taxi services in the national capital whether they follow proper guidelines in plying of their taxi services like a mandatory GPS tracker and drivers who have been verified by the police.
Delhi Police will also recreate the entire sequence of events that took place on Friday night and also take Yadav on the route he had taken to drop the victim.
The victim had boarded the cab around 10:58 PM from Vasant Vihar area. The car moved towards R K Puram Block-I and then drove towards Motibagh before taking a left and going toward Delhi Cantonment area. He took the road towards Naraina Village moving towards Mayapuri, then to Rajouri Garden, Moti Nagar, Punjabi Bagh, Tri Nagar and Daya Basti, police said.
“He had parked his cab at a garbage dump near Najafgarh drain where he raped the victim,” Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma said.
The victim made a PCR call at 1:16 AM and the PCR personnel informed the nearest police post at 1:24 AM. At 1:31 police personnel reached the victim’s house. The girl was taken for a medical examination and counseled by an NGO. All this was over by 2:20 AM.
Soon after the incident, the driver exited the Uber APP and drove straight to Mathura where he abandoned the car.
Police brought the car to Delhi and a CFSL team has been roped in to conduct the examination of the car to lift circumstantial and forensic evidence.
Sources said the accused driver, during his interrogation, also confessed to the crime.
Police have found that he has two driving licences, the commercial one was issued in Delhi while the other one in UP. He, however, did not have a PSV badge. He was living in Deoli area of Southeast Delhi since 2011.
“He had been living with his nephew. He had a friend named Vimal living in the same area whose house he frequently visited,” said a police official.
TAGS: Uber Cab
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

IPCA: Strong prospects  attractively valuedIPCA: Strong prospects, attractively valued
Ram Prasad Sahu | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 09:07 AM IST
On the back of an US FDA overhang, IPCA Laboratories stock has been an underperformer, losing over 10% in the the last six months. In comparison, its peer index the BSE Healthcare has been amongst the highest sectoral gainers with a return of 43%. While there is little doubt that the correction in the stock has been for a reason and the FDA hurdle would remain for a couple of quarters, for investors with a long term view the stock offers good potential. 
IPCA's FY15 sales growth will be in at about 9% given the lack of sales to the US, but analysts expect sales to revive in FY16, with an estimated growth of 20%. The stock, which has gained 14% over the month from its 15-month intra-day low as investors look out for value buys, is still trading at attractive valuations of 15 times its FY16 estimates and should offer decent returns as exports take off.
While exports have been the disappointment, domestic growth continues to be strong for the company. For the September quarter, domestic formulation sales, which constitute over a third of overall revenues, were up 19% year-on-year to Rs 328 crore. The strong performance has led to an upward revision in domestic growth guidance by the company to 17-18% for the current fiscal from 15-16% earlier. The domestic business has been the key growth driver for IPCA as the company has changed focus from being a player in the low margin anti-malarial segment to focus on higher margin chronic/lifestyle diseases space. More than half of its domestic formulation sales comes from chronic/lifestyle segment related therapy areas such as diabetes, central nervous system, cardiovascular system, pain management and dermatology products. Angel Broking's Sarabjit Kour Nangra believes that the domestic formulation business is the cash cow for the company and should grow at an annual rate of 16.5% over FY14-16.
The key trigger, however, would be the sorting out of the US FDA issues which began in August of this year. Given the 483 observations for the Ratlam plant, the company had voluntarily stopped supply of drugs to the US market. Ratlam is the company's only US FDA approved plant and stoppage has impacted formulation and API sales to that geography, which accounted for Rs 300 crore or 10% of sales in FY14. 
The stoppage has impacted its financial performance, with exports for the quarter down 23% year-on-year to Rs 402 crore. Delay in anti-malarial shipments also impacted exports. Share of exports to revenues are down to 52% in the quarter from 60% in FY14. While the company has also received 483 observations for its Indore plant, it has indicated that the same are not as serious in nature compared to the Ratlam plant observations. US FDA review process for the Ratlam plant is expected to take another quarter. Analysts expect these issues to be sorted out in FY16 and estimate exports to grow by 10% in FY15 and by about 25% in FY16.
While this mid-sized company is backward integrated with healthy return ratios and a strong balance sheet with good prospects, investors would have to be patient as any adverse outcome on its plant would impact its exports and extend the overhang beyond the first half of CY16.

http://usat.ly/1vGA6lSFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Analysis: UAW's win at VW opens door to the South
DETROIT -- The UAW has been officially certified as the representative of more than 45% of Volkswagen's workers in Chattanooga, Tenn., giving the union the ability to discuss a broad range of workplace issues
Post to Facebook
Analysis: UAW's win at VW opens door to the South DETROIT -- The UAW has been officially certified as the representative of more than 45% of Volkswagen's workers in Chattanooga, Tenn., giving the union the ability to discuss a broad range of workplace issues Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A9lkDn
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Analysis: UAW's win at VW opens door to the South
Brent Snavely, Detroit Free Press 8:55 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
An employee works on a Passat sedan at the Volkswagen plant in Chattanooga, Tenn.
(Photo: Erik Schelzig, AP)
138 CONNECT 32 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
DETROIT -- The United Auto Workers' certification to represent 45% of the workers at Volkswagen's plant in Chattanooga, Tenn., could provide the foothold it needs to seek unionization at other automakers' factories in the South, experts say.
Although the UAW has fallen short of having the 50% of Volkswagen's workers it needs to recognized as the exclusive bargaining agent, the union will be able to meet with Volkswagen's management team on a regular basis under VW's new labor policy.
Kristin Dziczek, director of the labor and policy group for the Center for Automotive Research, said the certification results provide proof that the union's strategy in the South is working.
"I think this is a template they are going to follow all across the South," said Dziczek. The union also has ongoing organizing campaigns with Mercedes-Benz in Tuscaloosa, Ala., and Nissan in Canton, Miss., and Smyrna, Tenn.
In July, the UAW set up a new local chapter in Chattanooga as a way to let local employees take the lead
at the plant.
The membership certification also separates the UAW from a rival organization, the American Council of Employees, that has also vowed to represent Volkswagen workers in Chattanooga.
Last month, ACE said it planned to organize enough workers to represent workers who are opposed to the UAW. But ACE has not yet applied to represent Volkswagen workers, the automaker said.
Sean Moss, an hourly Volkswagen employee and interim president of ACE, did not return several recent e-mails and phone calls.
Gary Chaison, professor of labor relations at Clark University, disagrees that the verification results represent a major victory for the UAW.
"I think what this all boils down to is the UAW is refusing to call a defeat a defeat. They attempted to organize a transplant and were unsuccessful," Chaison said in reference to an election that the UAW narrowly lost at the Chattanooga plant in February.
Chaison also said Volkswagen's labor policy could face legal challenges.
The National Right to Work Foundation has been closely monitoring the issue, said Anthony Riedel, spokesman for the organization.
"As concerned workers approach the Foundation for legal aid, we will discuss with them their options if Volkswagen reneges on its agreement to respect the workers' vote — in this case, to remain free from unionization," Riedel said.
The UAW has been trying to organize Volkswagen workers for at least three years and believes that organizing automotive assembly plants in the south is crucial to its survival.
Despite recent modest membership gains, the UAW represents fewer than 400,000 workers, down from 1.4 million in 1979.
138 CONNECT 32 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A9lkDn
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

India s NSE futures fall tracking weak Asian stocksFalling rouble and oil roil stock, currency markets
Extending their fall, the benchmark BSE Sensex slipped below the 28,000 level and the NSE Nifty dropped below the 28,000 mark at midsession as funds and retail investors indulged in selling activity amid weak global cues after crude oil dipped to fresh five-year lows.
After opening in negative terrain on continued selling activity by participants, the Sensex dipped below the psychological 28,000-mark to touch a low of 27,869.92. It, however, recovered marginally to 27,911.35, down by 208.05 points, or 0.74 per cent at 1330 hours.
Major losers that pulled down the Sensex and Nifty from crucial levels were Sesa Sterlite, Tata Power, NTPC, Hindalco, Bhyarti Airtel, ONGC, Tata Steel, BHEL, SBI, Axis Bank, L&T, Tata Motors, Maruti Suzuki, Coal India, RIL and Cipla.
The 30-share index had lost 443.42 points in the previous two sessions.
Similarly, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty slipped below the crucial 8,400-level by losing 64.00 points, or 0.76 per cent, to 8,374.25. It shuttled between 8,444.50 and 8,362.30.
Sentiments dampened after current account deficit widened to USD 10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, in July-September quarter of this fiscal, up from 1.2 per cent a year ago.
Brokers said sustained selling by participants in bluechip stocks that recently logged gains and a weak trend in global markets after oil prices skidded to fresh five-year lows led to the fall in markets.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 4,984.60 crore yesterday, according to provisional data from the stock exchange.
Bucking the trend, shares of Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy, HDFC Bank, M&M, TCS and Hero MotoCorp were trading in positive zone and cushioned the fall.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was down 2.51 per cent, while Japan’s Nikkei shed 0.68 per cent. European markets were down in their opening trade.
TAGS: BSE Sensex
More from markets
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

Tight vigil in western districts of Tamil NaduUpdated: December 9, 2014 09:59 IST
Tight vigil in western districts of Tamil Nadu
Syed Muthahar Saqaf
Special Arrangement
A vehicle being searched at the Nadugani checkpoint near Gudalur on Monday.
The police have taken steps to check the intrusion of Maoists into the western districts of Tamil Nadu, after Sunday’s exchange of fire between the Kerala police and suspected Maoists in the Wayanad forests.
“Along with personnel of the Special Task Force and the Forest Department, the police have launched combing operations in the forest areas and in the villages in the districts, especially in the Udhagamandalam forests. Additional checkpoints have been erected,” K. Shankar, Inspector-General of Police, Western Zone, told journalists here on Monday.
Hospitals searched
As it was reported that some Maoists were injured in the gunfight, the police were directed to check government and private hospitals, he said.
D. Radhakrishnan
reports from
Udhagamandalam:
Vigil has been stepped up in the Nilgiris. Collector P. Sankar told The Hindu that vehicle check was intensified in areas bordering Kerala.
Police sources said security was tightened at police stations along the Nilgiris-Kerala border.
Villagers were asked to alert the police to suspicious activities.
RELATED NEWS

Jaipur girl gets 2.1 cr offer from FacebookComments
Astha Agarwal had no inkling back in 2009 when she signed up as a user on Facebook that she would one day get an offer from the social networking company.
She had joined FB to keep in touch with people she met in Azerbaijan during the International Junior Science Olympiad, but in May this year, she was at FB headquarters in Menlo Park, California, for summer internship.
After the May-to-July internship, she got the offer to work as a software engineer at FB.
“But it was only recently that I calculated the money in INR and realised mine was the highest among all FB offers,” she says as she shows HT a copy of the offer letter. Astha will join FB in October next year after she completes her eighth semester at Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay (IIT-B).
Video: Here's what Astha has to say
Astha, 20, is the younger of the two daughters of a Rajasthan Vidyut Prasaran Nigam Limited (RVPNL), a transmission company, executive engineer. She is in Jaipur for her winter vacation.
After the news has got out that she’s got a pre-placement offer from the social media company for Rs. 2.1 crore salary, including sign-on bonus and ESOPs, the phone at the modest Agarwal household in government colony on Sahkar Marg in Jaipur hasn’t stopped ringing.
She got into IIT when her elder sister, Pavitra, graduated from IIT, Delhi, as a chemical engineer. She secured all India rank of 90 in IIT-JEE 2011 and joined department of computer science engineering at IIT-B.
However, Astha isn’t as excited about the money as much as she is excited about working for Facebook. “She also got an offer from Google, but she didn’t take it,” her father Ashok Agarwal says.
“As a matter of fact, she hasn’t appeared for any other company during the placements.”
“What I liked about FB was that is has much less employees than Google and it is easier to make an impact with less people around,” she explains why she’s so happy for the offer.
“It’s a start-up kind of a culture, but more than anything, I guess it’s just a matter of choice.” Talking about Zuckerberg, she says she didn’t get a chance to meet him personally during the internship “but I recall from a recent news was that he wears the same t-shirt every day so he doesn’t waste time in deciding what to wear”.
“I think that is something very inspiring and people who complain about lack of time can learn something from this,” she says. Astha is one of the five other IIT-B graduates who have got FB offer: two during pre-placements and three from campus placements.
Astha went to St Xavier’s School in Jaipur and got 98% in Class 12.

Sonia Gandhi turns 68 today  PM Modi wishes her a long lifeDec 09, 2014 at  09:46am IST
Sonia Gandhi turns 68 today, PM Modi wishes her a long life
11
3
New Delhi: Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who turns 68 on Tuesday, will not celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks in Jammu and Kashmir and Chhattisgarh respectively.
"In solidarity with the martyred Army and police personnel there, Sonia has asked Congresspersons not to celebrate her birthday," the party said in a statement.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi used the occasion to reach out to the Congress. He wished Sonia in the morning by tweeting, "Best wishes to Congress President Sonia Gandhi on her birthday. May almighty bless her with a long and healthy life."
Sonia will not celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks in Jammu and Kashmir and Chhattisgarh respectively.
#sonia gandhi #sonia gandhi birthday #congress #narendra modi
This is the first birthday of Sonia after the last Lok Sabha elections, which saw a virtual rout of Congress nationwide at the hands of BJP.
Eleven security force personnel were killed in a predawn attack by terrorists on an Army camp in Uri area of Baramulla district in Jammu and Kashmir on December 5. All the six terrorists involved in the attack were also killed.
While Maoists had unleashed a major attack killing 14 CRPF personnel and injuring 12 others in Naxal-infested Sukma district of Chhattisgarh on December 1.
(With additional information from PTI)
Best wishes to Congress President Smt. Sonia Gandhi on her birthday. May Almighty bless her with a long & healthy life.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 9, 2014
17

Resurgent China may spoil India party | Coal India to get re-ratedResurgent Chinese market may draw more FII money due to cheaper valuations, say experts
Ashutosh R Shyam & Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 06.15AM IST
Tags:
benchmark
(Shanghai Composite, the…)
MUMBAI: India's stock market, a hot favourite among foreign institutional investors (FIIs), is slowly ceding ground to China. Thanks to the outperformance of Chinese stocks in last one month and their cheaper valuations, overseas portfolio investors have increased weightage on China in emerging market allocations. This will result in lower fund flows to Indian equities, said analysts.
Christopher Wood , CLSA's Asia pacific strategist, who has increased China's weightage in his model portfolio — his third increase in three weeks — said, "The global money will find Indian markets only if markets see significant correction from the current levels. I may also increase our fund allocations to India if stocks come down significantly."
Shanghai Composite, the main benchmark for Chinese equity market, has jumped about 25% in the past month. The Sensex has gained only 1% in the period. After the recent rally, Chinese stocks surpassed Japan as the world's second-largest stock market by market capitalisation. Analysts said the preference for Chinese stocks has been partly because India is considered richly valued. Shanghai Composite is trading at 12 times one-year estimated earnings, while the Sensex is at almost 18 times.
Domestic stock indices have not corrected more than 5% since the start of the rally in mid-February amid the election euphoria. With the economic and corporate earnings recovery still some time away, investors feel there is limited room for upside for now. "The performance of equity benchmarks in the two countries in the last few weeks shows FIIs' change in preference," said UR Bhat, managing director, Dalton Capital .
"The difference between India and China is that Chinese authorities act or respond quickly to economic problems whereas India is slow with its response." So far in December, the average daily FII inflow into Indian equities has been Rs 390 crore against Rs 800 crore in the previous month. In dollar terms, Shanghai Composite index has risen 47% so far this year against the 35% gain of the Sensex.
China retained the tag of "mostloved" market in Asia in November, pushing India down to second in the region, said an HSBC report. "China's stellar returns in the past few weeks could pose big threat to Indian stock market in the near term as FIIs may turn their focus to Chinese stocks, which are cheaper compared to Indian stocks," said Mehul Salva , founder, Ripplewave Equity.
There are two reasons for outperformance of Chinese equities in the past month. One, regulators introduced a scheme allowing foreigners to buy China's mainland 'A' shares through the Hong Kong exchanges and vice-versa. Secondly, the Chinese Central Bank unexpectedly cut interest rates for the first time in two years.
"While concerns about weak Chinese economic data may linger, the index should end 2014 on a high on concrete evidence of easing, contained credit risks, and the fourth plenum of the 18th Party Congress helping to clarify mediumterm macro expectation on China," said a note by Nomura.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber  Ola  TaxiForSure banned in Delhi | Nirbhaya fund to track vehicles | CoverageYou are here: Home > Collections
Uber, Ola, TaxiForSure banned in Delhi until they get licence; Other states may follow suit
Harsimran Julka & Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 10.14AM IST
Tags:
Delhi Government
(Uber services operated…)
NEW DELHI: Online taxi-hailing service Uber has been banned from operating its services in Delhi and looks set to face speedbumps in other Indian cities, dealing a crippling blow to its ambitions in the country after its reputation for passenger safety was left shattered by revelations that the driver accused of raping a passenger was a serial offender.
Late on Monday, the Delhi Transport Department issued a public notice saying only Mega Cabs, Meru Cabs, Easy Cabs, Chanson, Yo Cabs and Air Cabs were licensed to operate radio taxis and all other taxi services are illegal till licensed. This would mean other Ubertype app-based taxi services such as OlaCabs and TaxiForSure also stand banned from operating in the national capital region.
Authorities in Delhi on Monday banned Uber's services in the city with immediate effect and also blacklisted the San Franciscobased company's services after it emerged the driver accused in the rape case, 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav , had been jailed for rape in 2011, something that Uber's driver checks missed.
However, despite the ban, Uber services operated as normal on Delhi streets on Monday evening, with drivers taking bookings on the company's mobile app. To add to Uber's misery, home ministry officials said the Centre would soon write to other states to ban the company's services in the 10 cities it presently operates in if it is found violating the Motor Vehicle Rules of 1988, as they said it was in Delhi.
Driver was Jailed in 2011 for Similar Offence
The Delhi ban came on a day Uber was banned from offering its services in the Netherlands or risk paying a fine of 10,000 euros (Rs 7.59 lakh) per violation. A senior Uber official told ET that the company hadn't received any communication about a ban and would contest it in court. Uber's Asia chief Eric Alexander said the company was willing to compensate the woman, set up a call centre to allay safety concerns and even willing to be governed by a regulatory and licensing regime.
"India is a very important market for us," he said, adding that the company would hire third-party agencies to help it with the police verification of its drivers. As the most highly valued US technology startup whose valuation famously more than doubled in just six months to $40 billion battled its worst crisis in India and a global PR disaster, authorities too were left red-faced as it emerged that it was not the company alone that failed to catch Yadav's spotty record.
The Delhi Transport Department, in its notice banning Uber, conceded that it had issued an All-India Tourist Permit to Yadav's taxi on May 28 after "due verification of character and antecedents of the permit holder". In further embarrassment, Uber officials during police questioning produced a so-called 'character certificate' about Yadav that was purportedly issued by the police and which the driver had submitted to the company before enrolling on its network.
However, Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi said the certificate was fake and forgery charges had been added against the accused. Yadav, who was produced in court on Monday which remanded him to three days custody, had spent seven months in jail in 2011 for a similar offence of raping a woman passenger. He was later acquitted of the charge.
The latest episode, in which a 26-year-old MNC executive was allegedly raped on her way back home by the driver, has once again served to highlight the issue of women's safety in India and threatens to snowball into a major issue in Delhi ahead of the assembly elections. There were protests outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh's residence on Monday morning and the case found its way into parliamentary discussions.
The home ministry has now asked the Delhi government to explain how the permit was issued to Yadav. Singh is expected to make a detailed statement in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday. Meanwhile, Uber, whose business practices have in the past earned it the ire of many, said it would "work with the government to establish clear background checks currently absent in their commercial transportation licensing programs".
"What happened over the weekend in New Delhi is horrific. Our entire team's hearts go out to the victim of this despicable crime. We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery," CEO Travis Kalanick said in a statement as three of his officials in India were grilled by police.
The police, sharply criticised after the 2012 Nirbhaya rape episode and under pressure after this latest incident, is considering pressing criminal negligence charges against the company. India is a key market for the five-year-old company and has been the theatre for one of its biggest expansion of services. The company has been adding cities and has some 10,000 drivers on its network, offering services ranging from the premium Uber Black offering to the cut-price Uber Go.

General Motors set to hike prices for all its car modelsGeneral Motors set to hike prices for all its car models
General Motors set to hike prices for all its car models
The increase in the commodity prices as well as the conversion costs has resulted in the auto companies jacking up their prices.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-sector-automobiles-ancillaries/general-motors-set-to-hike-prices-for-all-its-car-models-114120900058_1.html
December 09, 2014 10:19 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
General Motors India, price hike automobiles, Tata Motors, M&M,
Automobiles & Ancillaries
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 10:04 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Delhi bans Uber  all web-based taxi services; Ola  TaxiForSure to be hitDelhi bans Uber, all web-based taxi services; Ola, TaxiForSure to be hit
Surabhi Agarwal & Archis Mohan | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 09:45 AM IST
Taxi-hailing service Uber's ride here came to a grinding halt on Monday, with transport authorities banning the US-based firm from operating in the national capital with immediate effect. The directive follows a taxi driver associated with Uber allegedly raping a 27-year-old woman on Friday night.
And the impact of the crime will not be felt just by Uber but by other app based taxi service companies as well. In a late night release on Monday, the Delhi Transport Authority said that only six taxi companies – Easy Cab, Mega Cab, Meru Cab, Chanson Cab, Yo Cab and Air Cab are allowed to operate as they are licensed with the Transport Department for ‘Radio Taxis’ in the National Capital Region. All other taxi service providers which include the likes of Ola Cabs and TaxiforSure among others are prohibited from operating in Delhi till they get license/permission from the Transport Department.
However, despite the ban, taxis enrolled with the Uber network were available for booking here late on Monday. A few taxi drivers Business Standard spoke to said they hadn't received any directive from the company to stop operations.
While the incident is bound to have an impact on Uber's operations in India, its second-largest market outside the US, other states Uber operates in such as Maharashtra have ruled out a ban. But home-grown taxi booking companies, which have mushroomed of late and have a business model similar to Uber's, might have stricter security norms imposed on them.
ALSO READ:  New Bill to bring aggregators like Uber under law
The Centre is understood to be of the view that banning Uber won't help resolve the issue of the company flouting norms such as police verification of its drivers. In the absence of police verification, which takes months at times, the government is likely to propose Aadhaar as the basis for verification of drivers. "Penalise the person for the act, not the entire company," said a government official, adding the employment-generating potential of companies such as Uber had to be kept in mind.
The Delhi government's directive has put those associated with the company in a quandary. In October, Lokhendra Singh, 27, quit his job as an executive at a back-end processing unit of a credit card company to start driving a taxi registered on the Uber network. Singh has all the requisite permits from local authorities. On Uber being banned from carrying out operations here, he said: "Main sadak pe aa jaunga (I will lose my livelihood)." Enrolling with Uber's rivals wouldn't help, as all such companies followed the same operating model, he added.
ALSO READ:  Uber complying with RBI norms, says deputy governor Khan
Working for Uber, Singh earned Rs 15,000-20,000 a month.
The police alleged Uber didn't carry out adequate background checks on the accused, previously acquitted of raping a victim inside his taxi in Delhi, after seven months in judicial custody in 2011.
The driver has been remanded in police custody for three days, for interrogation.
ALSO READ:  Why taxi operators sometimes don't follow rules
"Uber's services were in contravention of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, and the rules framed under it," the government said in a statement. It added for a journey within Delhi, the company provided a taxi with an all-India tourist permit, through its web application, which wasn't allowed by law.
Amid the uproar across the country against Friday's incident, which included demonstrations by Aam Aadmi Party members in front of the residence of Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick said in a statement, "We will do everything, I repeat, everything to help bring this perpetrator to justice and to support the victim and her family in her recovery." He added currently, "clear background checks" were "absent" in India's commercial transportation licensing programmes. The comment was, however, seen as putting the blame for the crime on the authorities.
The incident is the latest in a set of troubles that Uber, recently valued at $40 billion, has seen globally. While Thailand is set to ask the company to cease operations in that country because it uses private cars, which lack fare meters, among other issues, in Vietnam, a government official said Uber's operations were illegal, as the company wasn't authorised to operate as a taxi service, the Wall Street Journal reported.
ALSO READ:  Uber and Delhi
However, Vietnam might consider ways to potentially legalise Uber's operations. In India, too, the case might be similar. On condition of anonymity, government officials said the matter was being discussed, adding Uber's unique operating model needed to be studied and novel solutions proposed. "In the West, Uber affords people part-time employment opportunities," said a central government official, indicating the government didn't want to end such avenues of employment. "Banning is not the way to resolve the issue."
Sources said Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu was likely to hold a meeting with Delhi Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung on the circumstances that led the Delhi government to ban Uber's services. The ministry is likely to issue an advisory to such transport operators. It is likely to suggest Aadhaar numbers be used for the verification of drivers.
(Sanjay Jog from Mumbai contributed to this story)
THE UBER DEBACLE
What has happened?
The Delhi transport department has banned and blacklisted Uber from providing any transport service in the national capital, with immediate effect
Why?
On Friday night, a taxi driver associated with Uber allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman passenger working for a finance company
Chequered past
The accused, Shiv Kumar Yadav, had earlier been acquitted of raping a woman in his taxi in Delhi, after spending seven months in judicial custody in 2011
What now?
A Delhi court has sent the driver to three days of police custody for interrogation
What is the police saying?
Uber did not conduct adequate background checks on the driver and the permits provided by it were in contravention of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, and the rules framed under it
What is Uber saying?
Currently, clear background checks are absent in its commercial transportation licensing programmes in India. It will work with the government to establish these and invest in technology to help make the capital a safer place for women
Industry implications
The incident is bound to impact Uber's operations in India, its second-largest market outside the US. Home-grown taxi booking companies with a similar business model might come under scrutiny, too
(This article first appeared in the print edition of Business Standard and has been updated to reflect late-night developments on Monday banning other app-based taxi services)

Daughters mock my big ears  says ObamaUpdated: December 9, 2014 17:40 IST
Daughters mock my big ears, says Obama
AP
USA
His daughters mock his big ears, he leaves his socks on the floor and sitting behind Stephen Colbert’s desk, he said, gives him a greater sense of power.
When President Barack Obama was not seriously defending his economic record, his executive actions on immigration and his delayed decision on the Keystone XL oil pipeline on Monday on The Colbert Report, he was playfully confiding that the trappings of the presidency really don’t go to his head.
“When I go home, Michelle, Malia and Sasha give me a hard time,” he told host Stephen Colbert. “There are no trumpets, and they tease me mercilessly.”
It was Mr. Obama’s third appearance on the show, his second as President, and marked the beginning of the final two weeks for the Comedy Central program.
Mr. Obama kicked off the show sitting in for Mr. Colbert to perform a regular feature of the program called “the Word” wherein Mr. Colbert’s rants are accompanied by snarky messages to the audience.
So when Mr. Obama, as Mr. Colbert, declared that there are aspects of “Obamacare” that people from both parties actually like, the text aside to the audience read - “Everything but the Obama.”
Later, Mr. Colbert observed that the economy had been creating more jobs of late.
“You have employed a lot of people mostly as secretary of defence,” Mr. Colbert cracked in a reference to Mr. Obama recently nominating his fourth top civilian at the Pentagon.
“That’s boosted our numbers a little bit,” Mr. Obama replied.
Mr. Colbert accused Mr. Obama of exceeding his authority on immigration. “When did you decide to burn the Constitution and become emperor?” he asked. The question was heard as a joke by many in the audience at George Washington University. But to Obama’s critics, the question had a ring of truth.
Mr. Obama dropped the comedy and replied - “Actually, Steve, everything that we have done is scrupulously within the law and has been done by previous Democratic and Republican Presidents.”
As he wrapped up, Mr. Colbert had one last question - “Barack Obama great President or the greatest President?”
“I’m going to let someone else decide not you, but someone who knows what they’re talking about,” the President replied.

Delhi rape: After Uber ban  Ola  TaxiForSure and TaxiPixi too taken off city s roadsComments
Following a ban on Uber by the Delhi government after a female passenger accused one of its drivers of rape, three other private radio taxi services have also been disbarred from operating in the Capital.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
Besides Uber, Ola Cabs, Taxi for Sure and TaxiPixi have been banned for not being recognised by the Delhi transport department.
According to a transport department notification, only six radio taxi operators - Meru, Mega, Chanson, Yo, Air and Easy - are the only companies authorised to run radio taxi services in Delhi.
"All other transport service providers through web-based technology, who are not recognised, are prohibited from providing such services till they get licence from the transport department," the notification said.
Uber, Ola Cabs, TaxiForSure and TaxiPixi are mobile-application based cab booking services that operated in Delhi for the past few months. According to an estimate, close to 10,000 taxis are associated with these applications.
Delhi has close to 5,000 radio taxis run by six operators. Apart from this, a large number of economy taxis, which are operated by individual owners-drivers, too ply in Delhi and can be hailed from neighbourhood taxi stands.
A Delhi court sent the Uber taxi driver accused of raping the 25-year-old executive to police custody for three days.
The Delhi police are considering legal action against Uber for hiring the driver, who was arrested and jailed on allegations of sexual assault on a previous occasion, without running a background check.
Commuters say regulate cabs
The Delhi government's decision to ban the app-based cab booking service Uber has evoked strong reactions from the public.
"This is the only thing that can be expected from the government. Rather than regulating the cab services and making sure that implementation of law is better, they have decided to ban the service," said Kavita Kumar, a Delhi University teacher who is a regular Uber user.
Calling the government’s reaction kneejerk, a number of people questioned if banning was the solution to such crimes.
"If tomorrow someone gets raped aboard a bus, will you ban buses? This is not the way to deal with these problems. Have strict rules and make people follow those rules. Cabs are a great way for people to travel, especially at night. Banning them is just a way to say that people, especially women, should not go outside the house at night," said Manisha Yadav, a Delhi University student.
The outrage against the ban was also evident on websites such as Facebook and Twitter.
"Two months ago, an auto driver raped a mentally challenged girl in an auto. Did the government ban autos then?" said Suryanarayan Ganesh on Twitter.
A number of people also used the opportunity to make fun of the decision.
"India should ban India. There will be no rapes then," said one.

Facebook now lets you search for postsDec 09, 2014 at 10:56am IST
Facebook now lets you search for posts
33
1
New York: Facebook said on Monday it is rolling out upgraded search capabilities for mobile and desktop users who want to find favourite posts from their friends on the huge social network.
"You've told us the most important thing is being able to find posts you've seen before, and now you can," said Facebook vice president Tom Stocky in a blog post.
"With a quick search, you can get back to a fun video from your graduation, a news article you've been meaning to read, or photos from your friend's wedding last summer."
Facebook allows users to search posts, but only those to which they would have access under privacy guidelines.
#facebook #search #graph search #facebook search
Facebook said in August it was testing the search upgrade and that it would be available this week for users of Apple devices and on the desktop version of Facebook.
In 2013, Facebook announced its "graph search," which enabled users to dive into the vast amount of data which they can already access. The social network has promised upgrades to this service.
Facebook allows users to search posts, but only those to which they would have access under privacy guidelines, such as posts from friends and public messages.
"Your search results are personalised and unique to you and, as always, you can only see things that have been shared with you," Stocky said.
"Search at Facebook is a long-term effort. Today is a step toward helping you tap into the experiences and perspectives of your friends."
To know more about Facebook search, click here .
183

Samsung Galaxy Note Edge has a curved edge display  but do you really need itDec 09, 2014 at 10:55am IST
Samsung Galaxy Note Edge has a curved edge display, but do you really need it?
26
0
The 5.6-inch Note Edge is a variant of the Galaxy Note 4, the latest iteration of Samsung's large-screen stalwart. The Edge's main display curves around the right edge of the phone to create a side display for notifications and one-tap access to apps, headlines and tasks.
That side screen is useful in a few ways. When using the camera horizontally, the shutter and other controls are up top, just like a regular camera. When listening to music, playback controls are instantly available. At night, the weather, current time and wake-up time are displayed on the side, so you can easily check as the phone lays on a nightstand.
The Edge needs more apps to take advantage of that side screen. There are about a dozen, but few of which I care to have. And the side text is sometimes upside down when the phone rests face up. It's a first-generation feature, and it'll take time for Samsung and app developers to figure out what works best.
The 5.6-inch Note Edge is a variant of the Galaxy Note 4, the latest iteration of Samsung's large-screen stalwart.
#samsung #galaxy note edge #galaxy note
Like the Note 4, the Edge has an excellent camera, a vibrant display and a stylus for doodling and handwriting. It has a fingerprint sensor and a heart-rate monitor, both still rare in smartphones. But you're paying about $100 more for the Edge, mostly for that side screen.
The Edge is also slightly wider, and its battery doesn't last as long - a few hours less of streaming video in my tests. Get the Edge over the Note 4 only if you can think of a need for that side screen.
5

TCS holds firm  up 1.7% on NSEM&M rides up over 1% on NSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Dec 9:  
Sun Pharma Industries rose further to hold gains of 1.53 per cent at Rs 840.45 near the close on Tuesday. The stock had closed the previous session at Rs 827.80.
M&M made strides to trade at Rs 1,262.65. This was a gain of 1.11 per cent on its overnight close at Rs 1,248.75.
Dr Reddy’s Labs edged lower in late trading. It was trading at Rs 3,348 as against Rs 3,315.40 at close yesterday. This was a gain of 0.98 per cent.
HCL Technologies gained 0.67 per cent at Rs 1,569.90. It had finished the previous session at Rs 1,559.50.
TCS, which began Tuesday’s session on a firm note, shed most of its gains in late session. It was trading at Rs 2,527, representing a gain of 0.57 per cent on its overnight close at Rs 2,512.80. Earlier in the morning session, it had made gains of over 1.5 per cent.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Gujarat clocks over 48 000 sick MSME units in2014Written by Avinash Nair | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 9, 2014 11:26 am
At a time when state government is putting in all efforts to promote Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) by way of the upcoming seventh edition of Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors’ Summit 2015, data released by the Union Ministry for MSMEs on Monday show that there are over 48,000 sick units in Gujarat, which is nearly one-fifth of the total MSMEs registered with the state government.
As per the data compiled by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) from scheduled commercial banks, Gujarat has a total of 48,000 sick MSME units (end of March 2014) which is second only to Uttar Pradesh (63,268 units). This information was part of the written reply given in the Lok Sabha about the National Manufacturing Competitiveness Programme, by Union Minister for MSMEs, Kalraj Mishra.
The number of sick MSME units in Gujarat has more than doubled in a space of 12 months. At the end of March 2013, the number of sick units in the state was just 20,452 units. The deteriorating financial condition of MSMEs is more glaring when the numbers of sick units in 2012 (107 units) and 2011 (4321 units) are compared with those of March 2014.
A senior official of the Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) which is one of the biggest lenders to MSME units in Gujarat says that the non-performing assets of MSME units have grown by 5-6 percent compared to last year.
The ticket size of loans given to MSMEs in Gujarat is anywhere between Rs 1 to Rs 2.5 crore. “We are facing a lot of problems with regard to providing loans to MSME units in Gujarat is concerned. Every year we have been lending more to MSME units in the state, but the quantum of NPAs (non-performing assets) among have simultaneously been on the rise.
Real-estate, manufacturing, chemicals, textiles and hospitality are some of the sectors where MSMEs have been badly affected by NPAs in Gujarat,” said the SIDBI official requesting anonymity.
According to the latest state government figures for the year 2013-14, there are 2.61 lakh registered MSME units in Gujarat, employing over 21.6 lakh people in the state. Ahmedabad, Surat, Rajkot, Vadodara, Bharuch, Jamnagar, Bhavnagar and Valsad are the major multi-product MSME clusters in the state.
However the state government points to the rising investments by MSMEs in the state. According to state government figures, the total investment done by MSMEs in Gujarat, between the year 2010-2014, stood at USD 7.7 billion or over Rs 47,000 crore.
A survey conducted by the Gujarat government just before the 2013 edition of the Vibrant Gujarat summit showed that closure rate of MSMEs in continued…

Sensex down a 100 points; Jet up over 7%; top 10 stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex rangebound, Nifty off lows; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 9, 2014, 10.36AM IST
Tags:
BSE sensex
(Sensex managed to recoup…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex managed to recoup losses after falling as much as 63 points in trade on Tuesday, led by gains in TCS, ICICI Bank, Infosys, Sun Pharma and DRL.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also came off from lows but was still trading below its crucial psychological level of 8450, weighed down by losses in auto, consumer durable, banks and capital goods stocks.
At 10:25 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 28,114.86, down 4.54 points or 0.01 per cent. It touched a high of 28,157.53 and a low of 28,056.87 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,435.70, down 2.4 points or 0.03 per cent. It touched a high of 8,444.50 and a low of 8,418.45 in trade today.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Sun Pharma & Ranbaxy: The long-pending $4-billion merger between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy got a conditional approval from fair trade watchdog CCI, which asked the two companies to divest some key products along with other changes to the deal to address the anti-competitive issues.
At 10:25 a.m.; Sun Pharma was trading 6.3 per cent higher at Rs 840.25. Ranbaxy Laboratories was up 2.8 per cent to Rs 643.
ITC Ltd: ITC Ltd will invest Rs 1,000 crore for its ambitious foray into dairy and juice businesses which it plans to roll out in the January-March quarter, two people aware of the development said.
At 10:25 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.08 per cent lower at Rs 393.55.
SpiceJet Ltd: The air carrier has cancelled a total of 1,861 flights, a few to Kathmandu in Nepal and all others connecting domestic cities, till December 31, SpiceJet said in an update on its website. These included 81 flights scheduled for Monday as well.
At 10:25 a.m.; the stock was trading 4.9 per cent higher at Rs 16.
ICICI Bank Ltd: ICICI Bank on Monday raised $200 million (Rs 1,200 crore) by selling overseas bonds with five-and-half year maturity as Indian businesses extend their fund-raising spree aboard taking advantage of historic low rates, reports Saikat Das.
At 10:25 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 357.
Cadila Healthcare Ltd: The pharma major is voluntarily recalling 15,144 bottles of its anti-hypertension drug Amlodipine Besylate tablets in the US market, according to the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA).
At 10:25 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent lower at Rs 1571.60.
ONGC: Indian state explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp said on Monday it was aiming to start natural gas production by mid-2018 and oil production a year after that from its block off India's east coast.
At 10:25 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent lower at Rs 363.65.
Tata Motors Ltd: Tatas-owned Jaguar Land Rover today launched a new variant of Jaguar XF sedan in the country for Rs 45.12 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai, Pre Octroi).
At 10:25 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent lower at Rs 512.
DLF Ltd: Kerala high court on Monday ordered that reality major DLF should demolish portions of its premium waterfront residential project in Kochi, DLF Riverside, which were construction in violation of the CRZ rules, said media reports.
At 10:25 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 159.
OBC: Public sector lender Oriental Bank of Commerce has cut interest rates on select deposits by 0.10 per cent to 8.90 per cent.
At 10:25 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 317.95
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jet flies higher  gains 9% to fresh 52-week high; counter is up 65% since November 25Airports Authority of India
(Jet Airways rallied as much…)
NEW DELHI: Jet Airways rallied as much as 8.92 per cent in trade to hit a fresh 52-week high of Rs 425 following a sharp fall in crude oil prices and with continuing woes of rival airlines SpiceJet.
The stock has managed to rally over 25 per cent in December alone and nearly 65 per cent since November 25, as of Monday's close. However, for the whole year Jet Airways managed to rally nearly 40 per cent.
"The main fundamental factor for the share price to go up is obviously the significant fall in the crude price and this kind of fall drop of almost 40 per cent from the peak seems to be some sort of a sustainable kind of fall," said Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com to ET Now.
Every $1/bbl fall in crude can boost company's FY16 oper profit estimate by 4-5 per cent, Reuters said in a report. Weakness at rivals will also boost sales, added the report. SpiceJet slashed its fleet size to save costs.
Benchmark Brent crude slipped to its lowest in five years on Tuesday, dropping below $66 a barrel after plunging more than 4 per cent the day before on worries over a deepening supply glut, Reuters reported.
According to reports, some states have cut jet fuel tax to 4-5 per cent from 20-30 per cent. Jet Airways may not pass on the benefit of lower oil price to its passengers in order to improve margins.
According to him, benefits of lower ATF price plus crude prices coming would help the company to ramp up margins. If they do not pass on major part of the price drop to the consumers to that extent at least the next couple of quarters could be much better than the previous two.
Woes at rival airliner SpiceJet continued as Airports Authority of India (AAI) is considering putting the airline on the cash-and-carry mode soon if it does not furnish a bank guarantee against its dues to the airport operator, which stand at around Rs 200 crore.
DGCA has also asked the airliner to stop taking bookings by tomorrow of more than one month in advance, they said, adding, "If it does not, it will be served a show-cause notice."
FEATURED ARTICLES

India is the brightest spot in APAC region: SIndia is the brightest spot in APAC region: S
Delhi cab rape case: DCW summons Uber CEODelhi cab rape case: DCW summons Uber CEO
Expect current account deficit at 1.7% of GDP in 2014-15Expect current account deficit at 1.7% of GDP in 2014-15
U.S. raises security ahead of CIA s torture report releaseU.S. raises security ahead of CIA s torture report release
Sensex slips; power  metals under pressureHi Guest
Sensex hits 1-month closing low; metals, power drag
Sensex plunges 322.39 points to over 1-month closing low of 27,797.01; Nifty tumbles 97.55 points to 8,340.70. Benchmark indices extended losses for the third straight session, amid a sell-off in Chinese shares, with capital goods and metal shares leading the decline. Negative sentiments due to a rise in current account deficit and losses in oil shares on slump in global crude prices to a five-year low also weighed on the indices. A sharp rise in gold imports and a fall in export growth pushed ...

Technofab Engineering gets orders worth Rs 262crTechnofab Engineering gets orders worth Rs 262cr
Assembly Polls Live: 15 Percent Voting in Jharkhand; Low-key Polling in JAssembly Polls Live: 15 Percent Voting in Jharkhand; Low-key Polling in J
Lunch scoreboard: India vs Australia  1st TestLunch scoreboard: India vs Australia  1st Test
Insurance shares jump after Rajya Sabha panel clears BillInsurance shares jump after Rajya Sabha panel clears Bill
Delhi Rape accused driver s mother admits her son s crime  seeks punishmentDelhi Rape accused driver s mother admits her son s crime  seeks punishment
CCI to monitor divestmentThe merger will take effect after the divestment has taken place for which maximum period of six months has been allowed
Ashok Chawla
Chairman
CCI
The Sun Pharma - Ranbaxy merger will come into effect after the divestment is complete and the agency (mentioned in the order) will be monitoring the process, said Ashok Chawla, Chairperson, CCI.
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) on Monday cleared the USD 4 billion deal between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy but with riders – asking both companies to sell 7 brands, which could have had an appreciable adverse effect on competition in their relevant markets post merger. It has given a 6-month window for the divestment process, post which the deal may get the final nod.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Chawla said the order on Sun-Ranbaxy merger is final and that the companies could be given additional 4 months in case the product divestment process exceeds 6 months.
Below is the transcript of Ashok Chawla’s interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: What is the process from hereon, you have put in an agency to monitor the sale. Should they clear with you as to who buys it so that that doesn’t create further competition and what if it is not met in six months? A minor extension is possible? 
A: The agency which we mentioned in the order will monitor the process of divestment. They need to comeback to us to get approval for the terms and conditions of the sale and also which is the party that they are selling to because the objective of the sale is not just sale for the sake of sale but to make sure that there is effective competition in those products in the market. 
The merger will take effect after the divestment has taken place for which maximum period of six months has been allowed. However, assuming that they are able to divest before that, then I suppose they can go ahead and effect the merger before that. 
In case this process takes more than six months, then the order says that there will be a subsequent second divestment period which will be four months. During that period, the agency appointed by the Competition of Commission of India (CCI) will get into the picture to sell the product.
Latha: If that is the process is the precondition that the second and third maker of those products should not be the buyers because that could exacerbate the competition, is that a given, is that what you have told them? 
A: Yes, absolutely. They cannot get into those same products again directly or indirectly. That is also part of the order. 
Latha: What I mean is assuming there is a second biggest producer of the molecules and compounds that you have identified, those second and third biggest manufacturers are also out of reckoning because that will only increase the anti-competition, the cartel? 
A: It depends on how much market power the second, third or fourth have at this point in time and what would be their market power if they were to buy the asset or the brand which is getting divested. However, in principle the idea will not be to strengthen or make the second or third manufacturer so strong that the whole purpose is defeated. 
Latha: Could you tell us who the second company is at all so we know that they at least cannot buy? 
A: I think this is something which is part of what the pharma industry would know. So, at this stage getting into those names and who can buy and who can not buy would be somewhat premature and inappropriate.
Sonia: Currently seven of these drugs need to be divested so if in case there is any drug in the future that the combined entity has a growing market share in will that be added to the list as well? 
A: The order is final, the order for merger cannot be reviewed but the act allows us in any case, at any point in time to look at behaviour and what is happening in the marketplace. If the company which will be the merged entity in future is very big or dominant in a particular field or a particular product that doesn’t mean that we will not look at that one to three years down the road. However, the order on merger is something which is cast in stone today and that is not something which can be changed. 
Sonia: What is the minimum market share that the CCI is okay with in any particular drug and if you can just tell us what is the process by which the CCI identifies these drugs? 
A: There is no safe harbour so to say if you are looking at a threshold above which it is not allowed and below which it is allowed. The act doesn’t sort of specify that so it basically is a judgement which is based on various factors and various conditions and this would also vary from market to market. For instance, it would be different let us say in pharmaceuticals, it maybe different in other products and so on and so forth. 
The process which the commission follows is basically the process followed internationally which is you look at molecules and you look at molecules going into brands. So, these are the various levels we look at and we try to go to the lowest level to see where is the strength or market power coming in, in which molecule and that is how we have analysed this. It is all very clearly spelt out in our order which is fairly elaborate.
Latha: This may not be part of your area of focus but now that within India itself you have cleared the merger conditional upon the sale of these products, is it now only a matter of routine that the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) will also give its clearance? If they are cleared in India it is unlikely that there would be cartels globally? 
A: This is something which each authority looks at from the point of view of their own jurisdiction, their own country. So, the FTC will take a call. I believe they are also looking at divestment of certain products which must be impacting or presumably impacting their market. So, it doesn’t mean that if one regulator in a country approves the others will follow suit. So, that is a process which the enterprises have to go through separately for each and every country. 
Sonia: What is the update as far as the DLF  case is concerned, how much has DLF deposited with respect to the CCI Rs 630 crore penalty so far and how much will they pay start January onwards? 
A: There is an order of the Supreme Court and I presume they would be implementing that order. So, we will wait and see, whatever they have been asked to deposit they will have to deposit. I can’t comment at this stage. 
Latha: You have been extremely careful in ensuring that the real estate companies, the cement companies, the car companies, the drug companies don’t cartelise but the oil companies are not giving us a fair price for petrol although it is market related pricing; not even for that matter diesel. The banks are not giving us any competition in savings rate in fact even in home loans or other kind of loan products. Is the CCI little soft on public sector? 
A: No, I don’t think so. In fact we ourselves are concerned about what is going on in the oil sector particularly in relation to pricing of petrol. Diesel is something which is different in the sense the policy regime has been different. However, we have noticed or put on notice the oil marketing companies and they have challenged our jurisdiction so that matter is getting settled in some other court. However, we are quite aware of the fact that it is strange that the oil marketing companies virtually move in tandem in terms of pricing, etc. 
Even on the other sectors if you recall we have imposed a fairly stiff penalty on Coal India. So, we have no intention or no specific reason to be soft on the public sector. We take it up both through advocacy with the government but at the end of the day enforcement is not ruled out and cannot be ruled out. 
Sonia: If you can just tell us how much time has been given to DLF to complete that Rs 630 crore payment? 
A: I believe they have to deposit a certain amount every month. The original penalty was Rs 630 crore, they have paid something out of it and the balance they have to pay certain amount every month. That is the order of the court.
Sun Pharma stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  10:07 hrs Sun Pharmaceutical Industries was quoting at Rs 804.00, down Rs 25.9, or 3.12 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 932.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 552.50.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 35.77 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 22.48.
RELATED NEWS

Silver futures rise to Rs 37 392 per kgSilver futures rise to Rs 37,392 per kg
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
Silver futures traded 0.54 per cent higher at Rs 37,392 per kg today as participants created fresh speculative positions, tracking overnight gains in global market.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, silver for delivery in far-month May was up by Rs 202, or 0.54 per cent, to Rs 37,392 per kg in a business volume of 3 lots.
Also, the white metal for delivery in March traded higher by Rs 276, or 0.48 per cent, to Rs 36,771 per kg in 516 lots.
Analysts said fresh positions created by speculators in tune with overnight gains in global markets as signs that money supplies will increase in Europe and Asia revived investor demand, influenced silver prices at the futures trade.
Meanwhile, silver increased 0.55 per cent to $16.38 an ounce in New York in yesterday’s trade.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Global warming threat cut slightly: StudyGlobal warming threat cut slightly: Study
Reuters
Tweet
LIMA, Dec 9:  
Projected global warming this century has slowed but is still at a severe rate after promises by China, the United States and the European Union to limit greenhouse gas emissions, a scientific study showed on Monday.
The Climate Action Tracker, produced by an independent group of scientists, said temperatures were set to rise by about 3 degrees Celsius (5.6 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial times by 2100, the lowest since the tracker was set up to monitor promises made by governments in 2009.
The study, issued during UN talks on global warming in Lima, said the rate was 0.2 to 0.4C less than projected after pledges by China, the United States and the European Union in recent weeks to rein in emissions.
Even so, a warming of 3C would cause far more extreme weather such as heatwaves and storms, disrupt food and water supplies and accelerate a thaw of Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets, according to a UN panel of climate scientists.
And it is far above a goal set by almost 200 nations in 2010 of limiting average surface warming to 2C, viewed as a threshold for ever more damaging disruptions to the climate.
Temperatures have already risen about 0.9C since the late 19th century, according to the UN panel of climate scientists.
Still, scientists involved in the tracker said pledges by the top emitters marked progress in the right direction for the talks in Peru, where about 190 nations are working on a deal to rein in emissions to be agreed in Paris in a year's time.
"This represents a very important first step," said Bill Hare, of Climate Analytics which compiles the tracker with the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research, Ecofys and the NewClimate Institute.
China promised last month that its emissions will peak around 2030 and the United States agreed to aim to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 26-28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025.
In October, the European Union said it would cut its emissions by 40 per cent below 1990 levels by 2030. Many other nations have yet to outline their planned cuts as part of the Paris deal.
Niklas Hoehne, of the NewClimate Institute, said there were still many uncertainties - Beijing, for instance, has not indicated the size of its emissions by 2030.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Group claiming Sony hack demands The Interview not be releasedGroup claiming Sony hack demands The Interview not be released
Reuters
Video: Sony hackers demand The Interview not be released
LOS ANGELES/BOSTON, Dec 9:  
A group that claimed to be responsible for the massive computer hack at Sony Pictures Entertainment demanded the company cancel the release of "The Interview," a film comedy that depicts an assassination plot against North Korea's leader.
A letter posted on a file-sharing site on Monday asked Sony to "stop immediately showing the movie of terrorism which can break the regional peace and cause the War!" It was signed by GOP, the nickname for the "Guardians of Peace" group that says it is responsible for a cyber attack at Sony that began November 24.
Pyongyang has denounced "The Interview" as "undisguised sponsoring of terrorism, as well as an act of war" in a letter to UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
People close to the investigation of the Sony hacking have told Reuters that North Korea is a principal suspect, but a North Korean diplomat has denied that his nation is involved.
The letter included links to downloads of several gigabytes of new data purported to have been stolen from Sony. Reuters was not able to verify whether the letter or documents were released by the same group that revealed other Sony documents.
The letter also said the GOP was not involved in a threatening e-mail sent to Sony staff on Friday. That e-mail claimed to be from the group.
The documents released on Monday included an e-mail to Sony that demanded "monetary compensation" to avoid "great damage" to the studio, according to the website Mashable. The e-mail was dated Nov. 21, Mashable said in its report. News of the hacking became public on Nov. 24.
A Sony spokesman had no comment on the new letter or the Mashable report. Sony Pictures Entertainment is a unit of Japan's Sony Corp.
"The Interview," starring James Franco and Seth Rogen, is scheduled for release in the United States and Canada on December 25. The studio is holding advance screenings for media and others.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Crude oil futures plunge to Rs 3 885 per barrelCrude oil futures plunge to Rs 3,885 per barrel
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
Crude oil futures fell 1.22 per cent to Rs 3,885 per barrel today as speculators engaged in reducing their exposures amid a weak trend in Asian trade where it tumbled to fresh five-year lows owing to weak demand.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in December was down by Rs 48 or 1.22 per cent to Rs 3,885 per barrel in 3,329 lots.
In a similar fashion, the oil for January 2015 delivery moved down by Rs 47 or 1.18 per cent to Rs 3,922 per barrel in 511 lots.
Marketmen said that the trading sentiment remained subdued after crude struck fresh five-year lows in Asia with analysts forecasting further falls owing to weak demand, a global supply glut and fewer production halts.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude for January delivery was down 40 cents at $62.65, while Brent crude for January delivery fell 35 cents to $65.84 a barrel in on the New York Mercantile Exchange in mid-morning trade today.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Amazon warns US FAA it could move more drone research abroadAmazon warns US FAA it could move more drone research abroad
Reuters
Tweet
San Francisco, Dec 9:  
Amazon.com Inc plans to shift more of its drone testing outside US borders unless it gets quick permission from US regulators to conduct outdoor trials, the company said in a letter to the Federal Aviation Administration late on Sunday.
The US online retailer has already started conducting outdoor tests "in other countries with regulatory environments more supportive of small (unmanned aircraft systems) innovation," according to the letter written by Amazon vice president of global public policy Paul Misener.
Amazon says outdoor testing is crucial to developing its "Prime Air" program, which aims to use drones - small unmanned aircraft - to deliver packages in 30 minutes or less. It said it preferred to keep that testing within the United States.
In July, Amazon sought permission from the FAA to test drones in outdoor areas near Seattle, where one of its research and development labs is working on the technology, but the FAA has been slow to give its approval.
"Without approval of our testing in the United States, we will be forced to continue expanding our Prime Air R&D footprint abroad," Misener wrote in the letter, first reported by The Wall Street Journal.
Drones are among several initiatives under way at Amazon to help control rising shipping costs and compete with brick-and-mortar stores by delivering items quickly. Amazon said there were dozens of U.S. job openings for its Prime Air division for hardware engineers and research scientists.
Last year, the US government created six sites for companies, universities and others to test drones for broader commercial use. The area near Seattle where Amazon wants to conduct its tests is not among those sites, and Amazon said it would be impractical for "it to pursue the test sites as our sole method of testing at this time."
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Nikkei retreats from 7-1/2-yr high as yen reboundsNikkei retreats from 7-1/2-yr high as yen rebounds
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Dec 9:  
Japan’s Nikkei share average stepped back from 7-1/2-year highs on Tuesday, as a retreat on Wall Street and a rebound in the yen prompted investors to book gains after a seven-session winning streak.
On the whole, market players remained bullish, expecting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to win a week-end re-election bid that will give him a fresh mandate to continue with the government’s pro-growth policies.
The Nikkei share average fell 0.5 percent to 17,839.17, after having risen 4.0 per cent in the previous seven sessions.
US S&P 500 posted its biggest daily percentage drop in a month-and-a-half on Monday on fall in energy stocks as well as soft Chinese trade data.
The yen rose to around 120.90 to the dollar from a low of 121.86 hit on Monday, prompting profit-taking in exporters’ shares.
Panasonic fell 2.1 per cent, while Komatsu dropped 2.2 per cent. Sony shares fell 3.1 per cent after a group that claimed to be responsible for the massive computer hack at Sony Pictures Entertainment demanded that the company cancel the release of ‘The Interview’’, a comedy that depicts an assassination plot against North Korea’s leader.
Still, with the yen more than 12 per cent weaker than just three months ago, likely earnings improvements at Japanese exporters are expected to underpin the market.
“The rally has been very rapid. So for the moment the market will likely be consolidating. But the impact of a weaker yen will begin to be reflected in corporate earnings so the market is unlikely to fall much,’’ said Masaki Uchida, executive director at JPMorgan Asset Management.
Reflationary policies
Expectations that Japanese voters will give the thumbs up to Abe’s radical reflationary policies in Sunday’s election have also buoyed the market mood.
Latest media projections point to the possibilities his coalition may gain more seats to keep its two-thirds majority in Parliament’s Lower House.
Many market players are also speculating the Bank of Japan could buy exchange traded funds (ETFs) later in the session. The BoJ bought ETFs in the last two sessions as a part of its programme to purchase ¥3 trillion of ETFs a year.
The broader Topix fell 0.4 per cent, while the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 also dropped 0.4 per cent. Bucking the trend, Takata shares rose 4.4 per cent after a media report that Honda Motor may support the auto parts firm.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex down 65 points on weak global cues  rising current account deficitWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

PM Modi wishes Sonia Gandhi on birthdayHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today greeted Congress President Sonia Gandi on her birthday, wishing her a long and healthy life.
“Best wishes to Congress President Smt. Sonia Gandhi on her birthday. May Almighty bless her with a long and healthy life,” Modi tweeted.
Sonia, who turned 68 today, has decided not to celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks in Jammu and Kashmir and Chhattisgarh respectively.
“In solidarity with the martyred Army and police personnel there, Gandhi has asked Congresspersons not to celebrate her birthday,” the party had said in a statement here yesterday.
This is the first birthday of Gandhi after the last Lok Sabha elections, which saw a virtual rout of Congress nationwide at the hands of BJP.
Eleven security force personnel were killed in a predawn attack by militants on an Army camp in Uri area of Baramulla district in Jammu and Kashmir on December 5.
All the six militants involved in the attack were also killed. Maoists had unleashed a major attack, killing 14 CRPF personnel and injuring 12 others in Naxal-hit Sukma district of Chhattisgarh on December 1.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Sonia Gandhi
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Sensex down nearly 100 points; metal  power stocks dimSensex breaks 28,000; metal, power stocks dim
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 11:55 AM IST
Benchmark indices have extended losses and are trading lower in the late morning hours as investors turn cautious on the account of increasing CAD in the July-September quarter due to rising gold imports. Further, weak global cues dampened the sentiments of the market participants.
By 11.55 the 30-share BSE Sensex is lower by 124 points at 27,996, while the broad-based NSE Nifty has slipped by 45 points to trade at 8,397.
On the global front, Asian share markets were mostly in the red on Tuesday while the US dollar began to edge higher once again aided by a media report the Federal Reserve might take a rhetorical step toward tightening at its meeting next week.
Key Stocks:
On the sectoral front, BSE Metal index is the top loser down 1% followed by FMCG, Power and Consumer Durables indices down nearly 1% each. However, BSE Realty and Healthcare indices are up 0.5% and 0.3% each.
Power and metal stocks are trading under pressure after the Supreme Court on Monday dismissed nearly 20 applications of power and steel companies seeking exemption from its judgment which cancelled 204 coal mining licences issued since 1993. Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite, Hindalco, NTPC, Tata Steel and Coal India are down between 0.5-2%.
Cigarette maker ITC which rallied in the recent past is down 1.3% on profit booking.HUL is down 0.7%.
Oil prices also extended their long crash with US crude hitting its lowest in five years amid a glut of supply and pressuring energy stocks globally. ONGC has lost 1% while RIL is trading with marginal gains.
Sun Pharma has gained around 1% as its bid to acquire Ranbaxy has received approval from CCI, though with certain riders. Ranbaxy has gained over 3%. Following the tandem, Dr Reddy’s Lab is up 1%.
Domestic passenger car sales increased 9.52% to 1,56,445 units in November as compared with 1,42,849 units in the year-ago month.Motorcycle sales last month declined 3.05% to 8,53,254 units from 8,80,078 units a year earlier, according to data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM).Total two-wheeler sales in November rose 4.89% to 13,01,431 units.Sales of commercial vehicles rose 9.05% to 47,686 units in November SIAM said. M&M and Hero Motocorp are up 0.3% each. However, Tata motors and Maruti Suzuki have lost nearly 1% each.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are up 0.1% each.
The market breadth on the BSE remains marginally negative with 1,174 shares advancing and 1,209 shares declining.
 

Chana down by 0.4% on profit bookingChana down by 0.4% on profit booking
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 11:22 AM IST
Chana prices were down by 0.45% to Rs 3,080 per quintal in futures trade today as speculators booked profits at existing higher levels coupled with subdued demand in the spot market.
At the National Commodity and Derivative Exchange, chana for delivery in December declined by Rs 14, or 0.45% to Rs 3,080 per quintal with an open interest of 58,740 lots.
Similarly, the commodity for delivery in January next year traded lower by Rs 9, or 0.29% to Rs 3,138 per quintal in 77,020 lots.
Market analysts said besides profit bookings by speculators at prevailing higher levels, easing demand in the spot market against adequate stocks position mainly led to the fall in chana prices at futures trade.

Cardamom down by 0.9% on profit-bookingCardamom down by 0.9% on profit-booking
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 11:17 AM IST
Cardamom prices moved down by 0.91% to Rs 782 per kg in futures trade today as speculators booked profits at existing higher levels amid sluggish demand in spot markets.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, cardamom for delivery in December contracts fell by Rs 7.20, or 0.91% to Rs 782 per kg in business turnover of 1 lots.
Similarly, the spice for delivery in January next year declined by Rs 5.40, or 0.62% to Rs 866.40 per kg in 131 lots.
Analysts said besides profit-booking by speculators at prevailing higher levels, fall in demand in spot markets, mainly influenced cardamom prices at futures trade.

Crude palm oil softens by 0.2% on sluggish demandCrude palm oil softens by 0.2% on sluggish demand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 11:17 AM IST
Crude palm oil prices eased by 0.16% to Rs 430.50 per 10 kg in futures trade today as speculators indulged in offloading positions amid low demand in the spot market.
Adequate stocks position in the physical market on higher arrivals from producing regions further fuelled the downtrend.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude palm oil for delivery in January next year traded lower by 70 paise, or 0.16% to Rs 430.50 per 10 kg in business turnover of 116 lots.
Likewise, the oil for delivery in December contract shed 50 paise, or 0.12% to Rs 424.50 per 10 kg in 82 lots.
Analysts said offloading of positions by speculators due to subdued demand in the spot market against adequate supplies from producing belts, mainly kept pressure on crude palm oil prices at futures trade.

Police intensify search operation after suspected Maoist attack in Keralas Wayanad districtWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:06 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 2:24 pm
Police have intensified search operations in the forest regions in North Kerala’s Wayanad district following Sunday’s exchange of fire between police and suspected Maoist activists. On Sunday evening, police had fired several rounds at a Maoist gang in a forest tract under Vellamunda police limits in Wayanad.
Since the above-stated forest belt is situated close to forest regions in Kozhikode and Kannur districts, police forces from those districts too are engaged in the combing operations in their respective areas, police said.
Kerala’s special police force, Thunderbolt, is assisted by local police. As last night’s search drew nothing, more forces have joined the operation on Monday morning.
Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala told the state assembly that the police were equipped to tackle Maoist menace. “The Maoists have concentrated in the forest region which is a tri-junction of Kerala, Tamil Nadu, and Karnataka. Hence, the necessity of a combined operation would be raised with home ministers in other two states.”
Chennithala said the Maoists had fired at the police while they were on a routine combing operation.
A tribal youth at Chapra colony at Vellamunda told TV channels that he had heard gunshots from the neighbouring forest region on Sunday evening. Local people at Chapra claimed that strange persons used to visit their colony, which do not have basic facilities. They said Maoists were trying to cash in on the poverty and underdevelopment in the colony.
Sunday’s gunshots and reported Maoist activity in the region suddenly spurred the people to think about development. On Monday, people at Chapra waylaid people’s representatives of local village panchayat as protest against their failure to bring in development.
Although police and intelligence agencies confirm Maoist presence in North Kerala districts of Malappuram, Kozhikode, Wayanad, Kannur and Attappadi tribal belt in Palakkad, so far they could not nab anyone.
There has been a pattern for Maoist story in Kerala. Four or five men would troop into a tribal hamlet. They would lecture against government machinery and would leave after taking rice and some other basic provisions. They would also distribute some leaflets containing Maoist stuff.
As the report reaches them, police would rush to the tribal area, where the Maoists had visited, and start a combing operation. Police would show photographs of few Maoists leaders to the tribal men or farmers and police would claim that these local men had recognized the strangers as dreaded Maoists, who are facing lookout notices. After search for a day or two, they would return to the camp empty handed.
A few days later or a few weeks later, a similar drama would be heard from another village in North Kerala. In many occasions, several innocent persons had been suspected as Maoists and detained by police. Last year, a teacher working at tribal school at Nilambur in Malappuram had gone to Dalit colonies to inform them about an event in the school. She distributed some notices in the colonies. As the report about the outsider distributing notices at tribal colony spread, police rushed to the spot only to face the embarrassing continued…

New Delhi Bans Uber After Alleged Rape by DriverIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Afghanistan: US  NATO end Afghan combat command after 13 yearsBy: Associated Press | Kabul |
Posted: December 8, 2014 7:18 pm
The U.S. and NATO closed their combat command in Afghanistan on Monday, more than 13 years after invading the country in the wake of the September 11 terror attacks to target al-Qaida and Osama bin Laden.
Though quickly routing the Taliban-led government that sheltered the militants, the U.S.-led coalition soon found itself spending billions of dollars rebuilding a country devastated by almost 30 years of war while an insurgency grew as the invasion and occupation of Iraq quickly took America’s attention.
As NATO’s International Security Assistance Force’s Joint Command, which was in charge of combat operations, lowered its flag Monday and formally ended its deployment, resurgent Taliban militants launched yet another bloody attack in the country.
And with U.S. President Barack Obama allowing American troops to go after both al-Qaida and Taliban militants in the country into next year, the fighting likely won’t be over anytime soon.
“I don’t think the war will slow or stop during the winter, as attacks on cities are not contingent on the weather,” Afghan political analyst Wahid Muzhdah said. “I believe attacks in the cities will increase-they attract media attention.”
Monday’s ceremony saw the NATO flag of the command folded and put away amid the foreign troop withdrawal. From January 1, the coalition will maintain a force of 13,000 troops in Afghanistan, down from a peak around 140,000 in 2011. As of December 1, there were some 13, 300 NATO troops in the country.
U.S. General John F. Campbell, commander of NATO and U.S. forces, said foreign troops now will focus on training and supporting local Afghan forces, which have led the fight against the Taliban insurgents since mid-2013.
“The Afghan security forces are capable,” Campbell told The Associated Press. “They have to make some changes in the leadership which they’re doing, and they have to hold people accountable.”
But as local troops stepped up, they now face record-high casualty figures that have risen 6.5 percent this year, to 4,634 killed in action, compared to 4,350 in 2013. By comparison, some 3,500 foreign forces, including at least 2,210 American soldiers, have been killed since the war began in 2001.
U.S. President Barack Obama recently allowed American forces to launch operations against both Taliban and al-Qaida militants, broadening the mission of the U.S. forces that will remain in the country.
They also will be permitted to provide combat and air support as necessary, while Afghan President Ashraf Ghani also considers resuming controversial night raids that could see Americans take part.
Up to 10,800 U.S. troops will remain in Afghanistan for the first three months of next year, 1,000 more than previously planned, said a NATO official who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss troop deployments.
As a result, there will be little, if any, net drop in U.S. troop numbers between now and December 31, when continued…

Delhi Police file FIR against Uber for alleged cheatingNew Delhi, December 9, 2014
Updated: December 9, 2014 03:26 IST
Delhi Police file FIR against Uber for alleged cheating
PTI
Tweet
Reuters
Supporters of AAP shout slogans as they participate in a candlelight vigil during a protest against the rape of a female passenger in a Uber taxi in New Delhi.
VIDEO
sexual assault & rape
U.S.-based cab company Uber was on Monday booked for cheating by the Delhi Police in connection with the alleged rape of a 27-year-old finance company executive in its cab by the driver on Friday night in New Delhi.
“We have registered a separate FIR against Uber under Section 420 (cheating) of IPC. In investigations so far, it emerged that the company cheated their customer on the pretext of providing safe commuting with duly verified driver,” Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma told PTI.
Earlier in the day, a senior Delhi Police official said “we may book the company under CrPc section 188 and other charges as criminal negligence and abetment to the crime have been made out against Uber”.
The investigations have gathered momentum amid growing outrage over the rape allegedly by a driver of Uber who had been arrested on Sunday.
“We wanted to know the role of the company while it brings the customer and the car driver into contact through its App. What is the liability of the company if the driver commits a crime as in this case? What is the business model, how it works, who are its promoters?” the officer said.
Sources privy to the investigation said Uber’s general manager (marketing) Gagan Bhatia, who claims to be the in-charge of the company’s India operations, during his day-long questioning, has not been able to provide much information to the police regarding the company’s operations and its policies.
Mr. Bhatia could not come up with satisfactory answers to these questions posed by police and he has been asked to produce the documents regarding the operations of the company in India.
“He first told us that there is no country head and he reports to one guy who heads its operation at EMEA (Europe-Middle East-Asia). If we don’t get satisfactory answers from Bhatia, we may call this EMEA head for questioning,” the officer added. He added that they have come across gross violations on part of the company in terms of violation of the Motor Vehicle Act and others.

Centre to urge states to fast track broadban...You are here: Home > Collections
Centre to urge states to help fast track national broadband project
Kalyan Parbat, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.36AM IST
Tags:
ACC
(Global companies such as…)
KOLKATA: The Narendra Modi-led government will soon urge all state governments to help fasttrack the national broadband project and suggest business models for delivering citizen-centric e-services under the Digital India initiative in their respective regions. "The immediate mission is making all state governments active partners in speeding up the national broadband venture and exploring ways to leverage the highspeed internet network to deliver government e-services to the common man," a top telecom department official told ET.
Accordingly, all states will be urged to assign responsibilities to senior bureaucrats to oversee the broadband rollouts in their regions, remove bottlenecks and come up with workable network utilisation models for delivering eservices in areas such as health, education and banking.
Telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad is tipped to chair a meeting this week with senior DoT officials to thrash out a strategy to make state governments "direct stakeholders" in the national broadband project.
The new stirrings at DoT come at a stage when it is keen to involve private firms -- infrastructure providers, telcos and content developers --to hasten the national broadband network rollout, which is already three years behind schedule. More so, as it is keen to leverage the renewed interest in India's technology space among top foreign investors, especially in the US and Japan , after a debilitating image crisis, post the Vodafone retrospective tax case and the 2G telecom scam.
The national broadband network will be the backbone of the Centre's ambitious .`1.13 lakhcrore Digital India programme, through which it aims to deliver eservices to rural end-consumers, which could be homes, schools, hospitals, banks or other institutions. The decision to increase state involvement is aimed "not merely to speed up the national broadband rollout but also to create an enabling business environment, especially since some of the world's top technology firms are keen to partner with the Centre in delivering last-mile internet connectivity to the remotest corners of India," said the official quoted above.
Global companies such as Google, Facebook and Microsoft are known to be vying to deploy their alternative technologies to offer last-mile broadband links in the inaccessible parts of India to provide access to high-speed Internet. Japan's SoftBank also recently engaged in discussions with Prasad on the objectives of the Digital India initiative, although there is no immediate clarity on its possible involvement.
In the immediate term, the support of state governments will be sought to monitor the progress of cable laying, trenching and ducting operations, which is the most expensive piece of the national broadband network rollout. Eventually, "states will also be requested to expedite statutory clearances to help private companies keen on handling last-mile connectivity after the core broadband network is up and running," another government official aware of the matter told ET.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SAP India looks to tap growing cloud businessYou are here: Home > Collections > Erp
SAP India looks to tap growing cloud business
Varun Aggarwal, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 05.23AM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(SAP already offers a lighter…)
BENGALURU: Software firm SAP India is looking at offerings such as B2B trading portal Ariba, Cloud HR, succession planning tool and social media to offset a slump in sales of on-premise enterprise resource planning services. For SAP, these cloud-based new applications are growing at over 50 per cent year-on-year — a sharp contrast to its breadand-butter ERP business, where sales have slowed to about 10 per cent.
The Germany-headquartered software maker now wants to expand into other areas, as not many customers are willing to shell out large sums of money to buy an ERP package. "Most of the relationships till date were ERP centric; now we are moving to the cloud. The cloud is really opening up huge base for us in other verticals and industries and non-SAP customers," said Rajamani Srinivasan, head of cloud, SAP India. "Cloud has helped us double the addressable market today and we are far more relevant to many industries."
SAP already offers a lighter and low-cost version of its ERP called 'SAP Business One' to small and medium companies through both cloud as well as on-premise model. According to Gartner, the public cloud services market in India is expected to grow from $423 million (Rs 2,550 crore) in 2013 to $1.3 billion ( Rs 7,800 crore) in 2017. Gartner expects India to be the fastest growing market for cloud adoption globally. For SAP India, cloud contributes only about 10 per cent to its revenue now, but it is growing three times faster than its onpremise business.
"In the last two years, our cloud business has grown over 100 per cent. We expect it to further grow at 50-60 per cent per year for the next three years," Srinivasan said. With products such as Ariba, Concur and Fieldglass, which SAP has acquired over the years, the software maker is trying to build a business network similar to that of China's Alibaba.
Srinivasan said that once India signs the WTO trade facilitation agreement, the volume of trade of the company's B2B network Ariba is expected to grow 400 per cent in the next three years, which will translate into higher revenue growth.
"Once the duties are lowered, organisations will be looking at better sourcing of suppliers, both locally as well as overseas, because they can import almost duty free. This opens up a huge market for customers in India," Srinivasan said.
SAP has collaborated with IBM to offer private cloud solutions to customers. However, its public cloud offerings are still handled through its global data centres.
Srinivasan said the company is working on a plan to setup its data centre in India, which will help it gain traction in the government and banking sector.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Honesty is the Best PolicyHonesty is the Best Policy
Sun-Ranbaxy merger receives CCI nodSun-Ranbaxy merger receives CCI nod
E. Kumar Sharma        Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 00:00 IST
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has, in an order dated December 5, granted approval to the acquisition of Ranbaxy by Sun Pharmaceutical.
The move paves the way for the creation of the largest Indian pharmaceutical company with domestic retail sales of over Rs 7,200 crore.
The combined entity's revenue exceeds the current leader Abbott and its associate companies, which have total Indian retail sales of around Rs 5,030 crore, according to AIOCD-AWACS, a pharma market research company.
One of the preconditions of the CCI order is that Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy must divest seven products to ensure fair competition in the market.
These products, according to a Sun Pharma statement on Monday, constitute less than one per cent of the combined entity's revenues. AIOCD-AWACS says the combined value of all these brands for Sun and Ranbaxy together stands at Rs 137 crore for the 12 months ending October 2014. Individually, Sun's value for the same is Rs 83 crore and Ranbaxy standalone is Rs 55 crore.
Dilip Shanghvi, Managing Director of Sun Pharma, said in the statement the CII order is an important milestone for the transaction.
"It revalidates our view that the Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy businesses complement each other with limited product overlap, and will offer a comprehensive product basket to enable future growth."
Arun Sawhney, CEO & Managing Director of Ranbaxy, said in the statement: "The approval by CCI is a significant step forward. We are confident that post closure, the combined entity will enable sustainable long term growth and deliver immense value for all stakeholders."

Wipro  Infy outpacing each other to meet dem...You are here: Home > Collections
Wipro, Infosys outpacing each other to meet demands in unfavourable global environment
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 06.13AM IST
(Infosys even conceded…)
BENGALURU: Battling to regain lost glory, Wipro and Infosys are stepping up their age-old rivalry, this time to out-innovate each other as the two Bengaluru-based software exporters invest in disruptive technologies pegged to artificial intelligence and design thinking to bring greater efficiencies for themselves and their customers.
Infosys Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, at an analyst event in Pune on Thursday, said some of his company's rivals were imitating it and went as far as labeling their moves proverbially as "imitation is the best form of flattery". While he did not name any rival, for veteran watchers of Bengaluru's software scene, the company he was referring to was clear: cross-town rival Wipro, which, on its part, claims to be investing "heavily" since 2012 in building data analytics and other next-generation platforms to help customers in the retail and healthcare space to improve their businesses.
In the past few years, both Infosys and Wipro have lost quite a bit of their sheen as they struggled to adjust with changing customer demand in an uncertain global business environment, leaving Mumbai-based bigger rival Tata Consultancy Services record phenomenal numbers since 2011. The original posterboys of India's IT sector are trying cover the ground lost - by investing in technologies that can shake up the industry by disrupting the existing order and processes that are customer-focused - and their initiatives pit them against each other more than ever in the past.
The unfazed response of Wipro to Sikka's comments was a testimony to the increased rivalry between the two. "I can say that we have a competitive edge," said Satishchandra Doreswamy, chief business operations officer at Wipro. "We have been investing heavily in building the next-generation platforms for over two years with a focus on AAA (automation, artificial intelligence and analytics).
Platforms such as ServiceNXT, CloudCLM have started delivering value for some of key clients," said Doreswamy, who was hired by Chairman Azim Premji three years ago to help transform Wipro by bringing in some of these advanced technologies. Although Doreswamy declined to quantify the impact of these disruptive technologies in Wipro's growth, he said the range of productivity improvement differed from client to client. The former TCS veteran also said Wipro had over the last 24 months seen a "20-30% efficiency improvement" in the application development, maintenance and infrastructure management space.
Sikka, ever since he took the role of the first non-founder CEO at Infosys on August 1, has outlined a strategy of "building a new Infosys" by making fresh investments in bringing machineto-machine and automation platforms to the company's traditional approach of delivering outsourcing services to customers. Sikka, who earlier this week completed four months at the company, said in Thursday's analyst meet that he would share more details of what it was doing in this area in April next year.
For now, Infosys is training its software engineers on design thinking - a creative and systematic approach to problem-solving by placing the user at the centre of the experience - and is also in the process of launching an online training module on artificial intelligence for its employees. Doreswamy said Wipro has already brought in the customercentric approach and its overall net promoter score - a tool to gauge customer loyalty - has improved 30 percentage points.
 
Some experts, including Tom Reuner of London-based IT research firm Ovum said some of the next-generation service-delivery methods are still in nascent state and IT outsourcers are coy to talk in public as the full impact is still not fully understood. "(Nonetheless) Indian providers are at the forefront of this development as part of their push on nonlinear models," said Reuner.
"Providers like TCS or Wipro have invested significantly in proprietary tools. The key to a broader adoption of robotic process is to build out robust cognitive engines (RPA) and artificial intelligence. These will be the conduit to moving RPA to the core of service delivery backbones." Doreswamy said the immediate target for the company remains to adopt these disruptive technologies for at least 50% of customers. He declined to share further details.
Both companies are also looking to engage with startups to get access to new technologies. Wipro, after making minority investments last year in data analytics firm Opera Solutions and machine-to-machine learning-focused Axeda - although it exited Axeda this year - is setting up a corporate venture arm to be spearheaded by Rishad Premji that will initially invest up to $100 million (Rs 619 crore) in startups. Infosys too has set aside $100 million and is actively scouting the San Francisco Bay Area to find potential startups which could help the company with the missing innovation strand.

http://usat.ly/12icvfyHow rich shoppers make investors poorer
By: Matt Krantz December 8, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
USA TODAY
You can’t go wrong betting on the spending of the rich, right? Wrong.
Luxury retail stocks — which seemed like no-brainer winners earlier in the year — are going the other way. The reversal in luxury stocks is costing investors who bet on big-spenders a bundle.
A basket of six key high-end retailers that were beating the market back in May by a mile are now lagging it, on average. These six high-end retailing stocks, including Michael Kors (KORS) , Kate Spade (KATE) and Ralph Lauren (RL) , are down 1.2% this year on average. That might not sound catastrophic until you consider the Standard & Poor’s 500 has jumped 12.3% during the same time.
It gets worse. A basket of eight much-watched discount retailers, including Wal-Mart (WMT) , Target (TGT) and Ross Stores (ROST) are beating the market and are up 13.1% on average this year. Part of that outperformance is due to the stock pop in shares of Family Dollar after Dollar Tree said it’s buying its rival. But the fact remains that a bet on the discounters this year has panned out much better than one on high-end retailers.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY. Equal weighted luxury vs. discounter stocks
Coach has been the best known luxury retailer to struggle. Shares are down 38.5% this year as competition for the accessories buyer intensifies. But even Michael Kors, the company that’s giving Coach much of the trouble, has seen its shares drop 4.4% this year.
Luxury brands could run into even more trouble still if China’s bull economy cools further many luxury brands have been scoring on the luxury craving Asian nations.
And that’s not to say all luxury retailers are struggling equally. High-end department store Nordstrom has seen its shares rise 22.2% this year — making it the best of the luxury sellers — on continued strong earnings.
But one things for certain — getting rich from the rich has gotten much more difficult this year.
HOW KEY LUXURY STOCKS ARE PERFORMING THIS YEAR
Company

PM Narendra Modi wishes Sonia Gandhi on her 68thbirthdayBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 11:44 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 11:49 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday greeted Congress President Sonia Gandi on her birthday, wishing her a long and healthy life. “Best wishes to Congress President Smt. Sonia Gandhi on her birthday. May Almighty bless her with a long and healthy life,” Modi tweeted.
 
Best wishes to Congress President Smt. Sonia Gandhi on her birthday. May Almighty bless her with a long & healthy life.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 9, 2014
Sonia, who turned 68 today, has decided not to celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks in Jammu and Kashmir and Chhattisgarh respectively. “In solidarity with the martyred Army and police personnel there, Gandhi has asked Congresspersons not to celebrate her birthday,” the party had said in a statement here yesterday.
This is the first birthday of Gandhi after the last Lok Sabha elections, which saw a virtual rout of Congress nationwide at the hands of BJP. Eleven security force personnel were killed in a predawn attack by militants on an Army camp in Uri area of Baramulla district in Jammu and Kashmir on December 5. All the six militants involved in the attack were also killed.
Maoists had unleashed a major attack, killing 14 CRPF personnel and injuring 12 others in Naxal-hit Sukma district of Chhattisgarh on December 1.

Domestic car sales rises 9.52 per cent in NovemberDomestic car sales rise 9.52 per cent in November
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 12:32 IST
Photo: Reuters
Domestic passenger car sales increased 9.52 per cent to 1,56,445 units in November as compared with 1,42,849 units in the year-ago month.
Motorcycle sales last month declined 3.05 per cent to 8,53,254 units from 8,80,078 units a year earlier, according to data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM).
Total two-wheeler sales in November rose 4.89 per cent to 13,01,431 units.
Sales of commercial vehicles rose 9.05 per cent to 47,686 units in November, SIAM said.
Vehicle sales across categories registered an increase of 5.03 per cent to 16,03,292 units from 15,26,514 units in November 2013, it added.

Corruption charges against Kerala minister from ruling frontmemberWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:21 pm
Kerala Public Works Minister and Indian Union Muslim League leader V K Ibrahim Kunju on Tuesday faced corruption charges from the ruling UDF ally Kerala Congress (B) in the state assembly.
KC (B) member and former minister K B Ganesh Kumar alleged that the minister’s private secretary Nazeemudheen and two other members of his personal staff were the key figures in the corruption racket.
As the speaker did not allow him to continue, Kumar threatened to reveal before media more about the corruption in the minister’s office.
The members of the ruling bench were embarrassed at the unusual development that one among them raising corruption charges against a minister. Last month, government had suspended senior IAS officer T O Sooraj in connection with amassing wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income. Sooraj had threatened to expose others if he was alone was forced to bear the brunt of corruption charges.
Last month, government had suspended senior IAS officer T O Sooraj in connection with amassing wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income. Sooraj had threatened to expose others if he was alone was forced to bear the brunt of corruption charges.
Incidentally, Ganesh Kumar then had opined that Sooraj was a small player in the network of corruption and he would reveal about the big shots in the racket.
Minister Ibrahim Kunju refuted the allegation, but Opposition sought a probe into the revelation.
Kumar had been forest minister in the UDF government. He resigned from the office after police registered a complaint for domestic violence based on his estranged wife’s complaint.

Sensex down a 100 points  Opto Circuits gains 6%; top 20 betsChina stocks crack, Sensex takes a dive; top 20 intraday trading bets
ET Now Dec 9, 2014, 03.09PM IST
Tags:
Century Textiles Ltd
(Sensex slipped as much as…)
MUMBAI: A sudden sell-off in Chinese markets led to a correction in other Asian markets, including India. The Nifty slipped below 8,350 and was trading at its November 20 lows.
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 334 points and was trading below its crucial psychological support level of 28000, led by losses in ONGC, L&T, ITC, ICICI Bank and SBI.
"China said lower-rated bonds can no longer be used as collateral for some short-term loans, sparking a selloff in riskier debt that spread to government notes and stocks. The yuan fell the most since 2008," Bloomberg reported.
According to analysts, Chinese market had surged 9 per cent last week and some profit booking was expected. However, the sharp fall of over 6 per cent intraday has made investors cautious.
Shanghai Composite Index closed down 5.43 percent, or 163.99 points, at 2,856.27 on turnover of 793.4 billion yuan ($128.2 billion).
At 03:06 p.m., the S&P BSE Sensex was trading at 27,802.56; down 316.84 points.
The Nifty was trading at 8,339.05, down 99.2 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 1.70 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 1.73 per cent.
The S&P BSE Metal Index was down 2.75 per cent, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index fell 1.96 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index was 2.7 per cent lower.
Sesa Sterlite (5 per cent), Bharti Airtel (3.7 per cent), Tata Power (4.7 per cent), ONGC (4.3 per cent) and Hindalco (3.7 per cent) were among the major Nifty losers.
Sun Pharma (up 1.3 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.44 per cent), HCL Technologies (up 0.46 per cent), TCS (up 0.42 per cent) and M&M (up 0.58 per cent) were among the major Nifty gainers.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical and Ranbaxy Laboratories gained momentum after the Competition Commission of India approved merger of Sun Pharma with Ranbaxy on the condition that the companies divest seven select brands in the Indian drug market.
The market breadth was negative on the NSE with 446 gainers against 1046 losers.
Profit booking in Asian markets picked up after sell-off in China. The Shanghai Composite plunged 5.43 per cent and Hang Seng was 2.36 per cent lower.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 224
Hindustan Zinc is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 181 and a stop loss of Rs 166
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 169
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 490 and a stop loss of Rs 525
 
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 345 and a stop loss of Rs 327
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 184 and a stop loss of Rs 173
India Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 83 and a stop loss of Rs 91.50
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 630 and a stop loss of Rs 663
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 342 and a stop loss of Rs 324
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 257
State Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 307 and a stop loss of Rs 314
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst, Sharekhan
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 244 and a stop loss of Rs 223
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 71
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 273 and a stop loss of Rs 252
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 266 and a stop loss of Rs 253
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 506 and a stop loss of Rs 532
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1140
Ankit Chaudhary, Senior Tech Analyst, Analyse India
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 94
Radico Khaitan Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 90
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 380
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty breaks 8400  Sensex falls; L&T under pressureDec 09, 2014, 01.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty breaks 8400, Sensex below 28000; Shanghai falls 5%
Shares of Larsen & Toubro, Tata Motors, ONGC, Bharti Airtel, Axis Bank, NTPC, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Power, Cipla, BHEL and Hindalco Industries were down 1-2 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty breaks 8400, Sensex below 28000; Shanghai falls 5%
Shares of Larsen & Toubro, Tata Motors, ONGC, Bharti Airtel, Axis Bank, NTPC, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Power, Cipla, BHEL and Hindalco Industries were down 1-2 percent.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
12:55pm Brent Crude Check
Oil prices plummeted to five-year lows today, pressuring commodity-linked currencies and most Asian shares as a bout of risk aversion rippled through world markets.
The urge for safety gave a rare boost to the Japanese yen which notched up particularly large gains on the beleaguered Australian and New Zealand dollars.
Much of the action was in oil where a glut of supply has seen prices fall for almost six months now, so pressuring energy stocks and commodity-related assets globally.
Brent crude shed 86 cents to USD 65.33 a barrel, while US crude futures lost another 70 cents to USD 62.35. Both had already tumbled more than 4 percent on Monday on expectations that a deepening oil glut would keep prices under pressure into the new year.
Oil prices are likely to remain around USD 65 a barrel for the next six to seven months until the global economy recovers or OPEC changes its production policy, the head of Kuwait's state oil company said, reports Reuters.
12:40pm Market extends losses
The BSE Sensex broke the 28000-mark, down 175.93 points to 27943.47 in afternoon trade led by metals. The NSE Nifty dropped 53.70 points to 8384.55.
About 1059 shares have advanced, 1577 shares declined, and 83 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Metals stocks like Sesa Sterlite, Tata Steel and Hindalco Industries were down 2-4 percent on weak Chinese export data in November.
12:30pm Shanghai sheds over 5%
Shanghai shares lost over 5 percent in volatile trade after rallying to a three-and-half-year high of 3,091 points earlier in the session. Hopes for stimulus from the People's Bank of China (PBoC) had underpinned gains following Monday's dismal reading of November export growth.
"With both exports and imports declining, there are reports suggesting pressure is ramping up on the PBoC to cut the reserve required ratio. Anticipation of further easing is likely to continue driving equities in China higher," said Stan Shamu, market strategist at IG in a note.
Meanwhile, oil prices fell to new five-year lows in the Asian trading session with Brent crude below USD 66 a barrel. Overnight, prices tumbled 4 percent on the back of bearish forecasts, which saw the the Dow post its biggest decline since October, reports cnbc.com.
12:00pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks extended losses in noon trade with the Sensex falling 104.87 points to 28014.53 and the Nifty declining 36.35 points to 8401.90, weighed by metals, capital goods, FMCG, select auto and banks stocks.
The market breadth was negative. About 1120 shares have advanced while 1388 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Sanjay Sinha of Citrus Advisors said the market should have consolidated much earlier. In the absence of a trigger for the bond market, which hinges on a rate cut by Reserve Bank, the market will remain in consolidation phase till third quarter numbers start coming out, he said.
If October-December quarter (Q3) results are better than the previous quarter, and if market sees a burst of liquidity, then it will find momentum which will loftily go ahead till Budget. Real correction, of around 10-15 percent, will happen after Budget, Sinha suggested.
ITC fell over half a percent on account of profit booking as the stock rallied more than 9 percent from last week. Hindustan Unilever declined over half a percent too.
Shares of Larsen & Toubro, Tata Motors, ONGC, Bharti Airtel, Axis Bank, NTPC, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Power, Cipla, BHEL and Hindalco Industries were down 1-2 percent. However, Sun Pharma topped the buying list, up 1.5 percent after Competition Commission of India approved Ranbaxy merger with some riders.
10:58

Nifty breaks 8400  Sensex falls; LT under pressureDec 09, 2014, 01.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty breaks 8400, Sensex below 28000; Shanghai falls 5%
Shares of Larsen & Toubro, Tata Motors, ONGC, Bharti Airtel, Axis Bank, NTPC, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Power, Cipla, BHEL and Hindalco Industries were down 1-2 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty breaks 8400, Sensex below 28000; Shanghai falls 5%
Shares of Larsen & Toubro, Tata Motors, ONGC, Bharti Airtel, Axis Bank, NTPC, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Power, Cipla, BHEL and Hindalco Industries were down 1-2 percent.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
12:55pm Brent Crude Check
Oil prices plummeted to five-year lows today, pressuring commodity-linked currencies and most Asian shares as a bout of risk aversion rippled through world markets.
The urge for safety gave a rare boost to the Japanese yen which notched up particularly large gains on the beleaguered Australian and New Zealand dollars.
Much of the action was in oil where a glut of supply has seen prices fall for almost six months now, so pressuring energy stocks and commodity-related assets globally.
Brent crude shed 86 cents to USD 65.33 a barrel, while US crude futures lost another 70 cents to USD 62.35. Both had already tumbled more than 4 percent on Monday on expectations that a deepening oil glut would keep prices under pressure into the new year.
Oil prices are likely to remain around USD 65 a barrel for the next six to seven months until the global economy recovers or OPEC changes its production policy, the head of Kuwait's state oil company said, reports Reuters.
12:40pm Market extends losses
The BSE Sensex broke the 28000-mark, down 175.93 points to 27943.47 in afternoon trade led by metals. The NSE Nifty dropped 53.70 points to 8384.55.
About 1059 shares have advanced, 1577 shares declined, and 83 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Metals stocks like Sesa Sterlite, Tata Steel and Hindalco Industries were down 2-4 percent on weak Chinese export data in November.
12:30pm Shanghai sheds over 5%
Shanghai shares lost over 5 percent in volatile trade after rallying to a three-and-half-year high of 3,091 points earlier in the session. Hopes for stimulus from the People's Bank of China (PBoC) had underpinned gains following Monday's dismal reading of November export growth.
"With both exports and imports declining, there are reports suggesting pressure is ramping up on the PBoC to cut the reserve required ratio. Anticipation of further easing is likely to continue driving equities in China higher," said Stan Shamu, market strategist at IG in a note.
Meanwhile, oil prices fell to new five-year lows in the Asian trading session with Brent crude below USD 66 a barrel. Overnight, prices tumbled 4 percent on the back of bearish forecasts, which saw the the Dow post its biggest decline since October, reports cnbc.com.
12:00pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks extended losses in noon trade with the Sensex falling 104.87 points to 28014.53 and the Nifty declining 36.35 points to 8401.90, weighed by metals, capital goods, FMCG, select auto and banks stocks.
The market breadth was negative. About 1120 shares have advanced while 1388 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Sanjay Sinha of Citrus Advisors said the market should have consolidated much earlier. In the absence of a trigger for the bond market, which hinges on a rate cut by Reserve Bank, the market will remain in consolidation phase till third quarter numbers start coming out, he said.
If October-December quarter (Q3) results are better than the previous quarter, and if market sees a burst of liquidity, then it will find momentum which will loftily go ahead till Budget. Real correction, of around 10-15 percent, will happen after Budget, Sinha suggested.
ITC fell over half a percent on account of profit booking as the stock rallied more than 9 percent from last week. Hindustan Unilever declined over half a percent too.
Shares of Larsen & Toubro, Tata Motors, ONGC, Bharti Airtel, Axis Bank, NTPC, Sesa Sterlite, Tata Power, Cipla, BHEL and Hindalco Industries were down 1-2 percent. However, Sun Pharma topped the buying list, up 1.5 percent after Competition Commission of India approved Ranbaxy merger with some riders.
10:58

Is Your Tax planning fully Tax Saving OptimisedLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Is Your Tax planning fully Tax Saving Optimised?
This year’s budget had brought in changes in the tax provisions enabling every taxpayer to have valid tax savings for the current financial year 2014-15. Tax investments need to be made by 31st March 2015 in order to avail these tax benefits and save taxes.
Post your opinion here
 
By Alok Patnia
This year’s budget had brought in changes in the tax provisions enabling every taxpayer to have valid tax savings for the current financial year 2014-15. Tax investments need to be made by 31st March 2015 in order to avail these tax benefits and save taxes.
Thus, now is the right time to sit back, check your finances, and plan your tax investment to be made in the next three months. In this article, we are re-rolling tax saving opportunities announced in this year’s budget, enabling you to save more for your pocket.
Don’t miss to take benefit of enhanced 80C investment limit - Limit under section 80C has been increased from Rs.1 lakh per individual per annum to Rs.1.5 lakh. It gives additional opportunity to all taxpayers and thus reducing their tax liability significantly.
Maximum relief would be available to a taxpayer falling in 30 per cent bracket and total savings works out to be Rs. 15,450. Likewise, the savings available to the taxpayers falling in 20 per cent would be Rs. 10,300 and Rs. 5,150 for taxpayers falling in 10 per cent bracket.
How about Housing Loan Benefit:  Benefit under housing loan can be availed with payment of principal component and interest pay-out. The relief that has been provided in Budget 2014 in relating to same has been explained hereunder -
Income Tax Benefits on Home Loan – Principal Component
Since principal component is covered under Section 80C for the principal repayment of a home loan. You can claim deduction up to 1.5 Lakh along with all other permissible instruments like, life insurance premium, PPF, ELSS, NSC.
Income Tax Benefits on Home Loan – Interest Component
There is another good bit of news for home loan seekers as the interest on loan amount allowed to be deducted from total income has been increased from Rs.1.5 lakh to Rs.2 lakh now. Now the deduction available under section 24 is upto 2 Lakhs in a year for the home loan interest paid.
The benefit is for self occupied house. If you are going for a second house i.e.; not self-occupied property, then the total interest amount can be claimed as deduction without any limit of 2 Lakhs.
Make use of Increased PPF limit: Public provident Fund contribution limit enhanced from 1 lakhs to 1.5 lakhs.  However, both increments in limit of PPF as well as principal component of home loan are subject to the maximum limit of 80C. The total deduction extended under section 80C to 1.50 Lakhs from 1Lakh.
New enhanced basic exemption limit:  The basic exemption limit was enhanced to Rs 2.5 lakh in the 2014 budget. This essentially means that every taxpayer, irrespective of tax bracket, will have a potential tax saving of Rs 5,150 annually or Rs.430 per month.
For senior citizens the Basic exemption limit has been increased from 2.5 Lakhs to 3 Lakhs which is again reducing the tax liability to some extent.
And these benefits still continues in FY 2014-15: Budget 2014 did not discontinue the relief that has been announced in last year’s budget. Budget 2014 will continue to give relief of up to Rs. 2,000 to marginal taxpayers above the newly set limit of Rs.2.5 lakh. This Rebate has been especially introduced for individuals.
Further, Non Resident individuals have been kept outside the purview of this amendment. Also, rebate benefit is not applicable to a super senior citizen, since he is already fully exempted up to Rs. 5 lakh.
Similarly, contrary to expectations, RGESS Scheme (Rajiv Gandhi Equity Saving Scheme) has not been sunset and still continues as an additional tool for saving tax for first time investors in equity markets.
RELATED NEWS

India Cements  AGM on December 26  2014Dec 09, 2014, 11.54 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
India Cements' AGM on December 26, 2014
India Cements Ltd has informed BSE that the 68th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on December 26, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India Cements' AGM on December 26, 2014
India Cements Ltd has informed BSE that the 68th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on December 26, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
India Cements Ltd has informed BSE that the 68th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on December 26, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Rape accused taxi driver threatened victim with iron rodRape accused taxi driver threatened victim with iron rod
China advisers recommend 7 per cent growth goal in 2015 as leaders meetChina advisers recommend 7 per cent growth goal in 2015 as leaders meet
WTO reverses much of ruling in US steel duties appealWTO reverses much of ruling in US steel duties appeal
Gold futures surge Rs 150 on global cuesGold futures surge Rs 150 on global cues
Sony Pictures hack attack exposes aliases used by celebritiesSony Pictures hack attack exposes aliases used by celebrities
Rape by Uber cab driver puts spotlight on poor implementation of normsRape by Uber cab driver puts spotlight on poor implementation of norms
Oil Extends Losses  Hits Lowest Levels in Over Five YearsOil Extends Losses  Hits Lowest Levels in Over Five Years
Indian artist asks people to nod off with a partner in BerlinIndian artist asks people to nod off with a partner in Berlin
Japan QE is cheap yen policy in disguiseJapan QE is cheap yen policy in disguise
Henny Sender
Sad choice of tool as it drives up asset prices but is no help to real economy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/18e44222-770f-11e4-944f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HDFC Bank to cut lending rate by March  says MDHDFC Bank to cut lending rate by March 2015, says MD Aditya Puri
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 13:46 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
HDFC Bank, having cut its deposit offering by up to 0.50 per cent, will be cutting its lending rate by March, a top official said on Friday.
"Now I've reduced my fixed deposit rates, and you will see by March or so base rate will come down," the bank's Managing Director Aditya Puri told PTI after launching a blood donation drive.
The HDFC MD said base rate or the minimum rate of lending is computed on the cost of deposits and the bank cannot cut its lending rate unless the deposit rate comes down. Once the cost of deposits falls, following the December 1 cut in short-term deposits of up to one year maturities, the bank will pass on the benefit to borrowers, Puri added.
The country's second-largest private sector lender, HDFC Bank 's base rate currently stands at 10 per cent and the last movement in it was in November 2013, when the rate was hiked by 0.20 per cent.
The private bank cut the deposit rates by 0.25 to 0.50 per cent in various buckets ranging from 49 days to less than a year deposits, attributing it to low credit pick-up, drop in money market rates and competitor 's moves.
On Tuesday, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan had rued the fact that banks are not passing the benefits of the declining rates environment to the borrowers, saying the policy measures were not getting transmitted as desired.
Puri on Friday said that policy transmission has happened as the banks have cut rates in different offerings like car loans where banks have reduced their spreads, but added that it does not reflect in the base rate due to deposit rates.
"Already interest rates have gone down in the market, whether it is car loans or term loans. Monetary transmission with or without reduction in policy rates has already happened," he said.
The HDFC Bank head said the RBI Governor's stance has been dovish, which comforts the banking system and added that Rajan should unleash 0.50 per cent cut in the next monetary policy review.
"His (Rajan's) statement is also dovish, saying that once he can see stability in the benignness of the inflation, you can expect a cut. Let's hope that the cut is a meaningful one at 50 basis points since he didn't do it this time," Puri said.
HDFC Bank on Friday started a day-long blood donation drive at 2,000 locations across the country simultaneously. In 2013, the private lender had collected 67,000 units of blood in a similar drive and is targeting the same to go up to 1 lakh in 2014, Puri said.

IIT-BHU student gets Rs 2.03 cr offer by OracleIIT-BHU student gets Rs 2.03 crore offer by Oracle
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 00:00 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
Once again, IITians have entered into record-books by bagging the highest pay package in campus placement.
According to a report published in The Times of India on December 4, a student of Indian Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University (IIT-BHU) has been offered an annual package of Rs 2.03 crore by Oracle, the American multinational tech corporation.
Another student, who is hired by Google Mountain View, has been offered annual package of Rs 1.63 crore.
"It is the highest salary offered by a company to our student," said Prof Anil Kumar Agrawal, Professor In-charge, Training and Placement Cell, IIT-BHU.
According to him, so far 27 multinational companies including Oracle US, Google Mountain View, Microsoft Redmond, Epic Systems, Works Applications, Goldman Sachs, Amazon, Visa, and others showed their interest in IIT-BHU.
The placement process in the college started on Monday.
(Source: The Times of India)

Starbucks Opens High-End Coffeehouse With Visions Of  Willy Wonkareddit
Starbucks opened its first upscale café and roastery on Friday in hopes of tapping into the small but growing market of coffee connoisseurs.
Over the next year, the company has plans to open at least 100 stores roasting and serving rare, small-batch coffee beans in major U.S. cities. Starbucks established its inaugural Reserve Roastery and Tasting Room in Seattle, just nine blocks from its original café.
“We’ve dreamed about this moment when we can open up such an immersive experience, where we can demonstrate all the aspects of drama, romance, theater of roasting coffee,” Starbucks Chairman and CEO Howard Schultz said during an appearance on CNBC , as the new store's baristas bustled behind him. “It’s the Willy Wonka of coffee.”
But don’t expect any Charlie Bucket types to shop there. The beans at Starbucks Reserve -- branded with a star and a capital R -- sell for as much as $45 per pound .
The new, 15,000-square-foot facility has large copper coffee dispensers and candy store-like displays of “micro-batch” beans, described on tablet-sized chalkboards. Quotes such as “unreasonable passion has led us here” are carved into the wooden bars at which customers can order a pour-over -- that is, coffee made by straining hot water from a kettle through a cone-shaped filter placed above the individual mug.
Starbucks has faced increased competition in recent years as its main rival, Dunkin’ Donuts, has expanded to the West Coast and small coffeehouses proliferate around the country. Now the java giant wants to take on trendy newcomers such as Blue Bottle Coffee and Stumptown Coffee Roasters.
The U.S. coffee market, worth $27.9 billion last year, is expected to grow to $33.7 billion by 2018, according to data from research firm IBISWorld cited by Reuters . The data do not separate revenues for high-end coffee sellers.
More:

CBS Returns To Dish Network After BlackoutCBS, Dish Network Reach Deal To End Blackout
 |  By                                                                      MARTIN CRUTSINGER
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — CBS Corp. and TV provider Dish Network Corp. have reached an agreement that ends a contract dispute that led to a short programming blackout in local markets around the country, the companies announced Saturday.
CBS had blocked Dish from carrying the local channels of CBS-owned TV stations for about 12 hours starting around 7 p.m. Eastern time Friday. The 18 markets affected included New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Dallas, Boston and Miami.
In a joint statement Saturday, the companies said they had reached a multiyear deal that will allow Dish to carry CBS-owned TV stations nationwide as well as various cable channels, including the CBS Sports Network, the Smithsonian Channel and Showtime. Dish has about 14 million subscribers.
The brief blackout was the latest skirmish between television companies that are seeking higher payments for their programming and the cable and satellite companies that distribute the programming and say the higher programming costs will lead to higher bills for their customers.
Under the agreement, Dish will get the rights to deliver Showtime programming on mobile devices. The companies said the agreement will result in the dismissal of pending litigation between them, including disputes over such services as PrimeTime Anytime and AutoHop, a Dish service that allows viewers to skip commercials. Under the agreement, viewers will not be able to skip commercials for the first seven days after a program is broadcast on a CBS-owned station.
Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed, but executives from both companies expressed satisfaction with the deal.
"We are pleased to continue delivering CBS programming to our customers while expanding their digital access to Showtime content through Showtime Anytime," Warren Schlichting, a Dish senior vice president, said in the statement.
Ray Hopkins, president of television networks distribution for CBS, said the deal met the company's economic and strategic objectives.
"We look forward to having Dish as a valued partner for many years to come," he said.
The programming returned ahead of a weekend of football games televised by CBS including the Southeastern Conference championship game Saturday between Alabama and Missouri.
More:

Damned if you do  damned if you dontUpdated: December 8, 2014 01:52 IST
Damned if you do, damned if you don’t
Mythili Sundar
Tweet
The Hindu
SELECTIVE SUPPORT: “Women get sympathy only when they are brutally raped or killed.” Picture shows protests against the gang rape of a woman in Delhi. Photo: C.V. Subrahmanyam
VIDEO
social issues (general)
Women are told that they should speak up against harassment, and yet when two young women took on a bunch of men on a bus in Rohtak, they were described as ‘aggressive’
When the video of two young women, Aarti and Puja, beating up a youth on a Haryana bus went viral recently, the nation sat up. Well done, was the initial reaction. The Haryana government announced bravery awards for the sisters who had shown the resolve to beat back their molesters. The incident was given wide coverage in the media and talk shows. People were justifiably excited as they had witnessed a rare instance in which a woman was not at the receiving end.
But the euphoria was short-lived. Reports began to surface about how the sisters were in the “habit” of beating up men at the “slightest” provocation. Visuals of them thrashing another man in a park were circulated widely to prove that they were “aggressive.” Affidavits were obtained from passengers who travelled on the same bus which said the young men were acting in “self-defence” after the girls attacked them following an altercation over a seat. People of Kansla village, to which the three accused belong, swore that the boys were innocent. The Haryana government, for its part, put the award on hold.
The social media went hammer and tongs with many pointing out how men are increasingly “victimised” by women, using the opportunity to cry foul over the misuse of Section 498A (dowry law), domestic violence laws and laws that seek to protect women from sexual harassment. Some argued that no one has the right to take the law into his or her own hands; the girls should have persuaded the bus driver to drive to the police station.
In the Rohtak incident and the Preity-Ness spat, the thrust is on proving that the men involved did not molest the women but only ‘reacted’ to a situation created by the women themselves
Following the rule book
Whether or not the young men abused the girls as they claim, or the incident was actually an altercation over a seat, the fallout has been typical and the ‘message’ very much on expected lines: “good girls” should avoid getting into situations that can cause such ugly scenes, especially in public. Even under provocation (whether verbal abuse should even be a cause for provocation is another subject of debate), they should exercise restraint and follow the rule book.
This is certainly not to say the Haryana sisters are necessarily right and the three young men necessarily wrong. That is for the courts to decide. But the reasons being cited to prove the men’s innocence or at least mitigate their behaviour are unfortunate. If the girls refused to vacate a seat for an old woman, whose cause the men were supposedly espousing, the conductor or the driver could have been asked to intervene. If women being teased on the bus could approach them — which according to many responsible citizens would have been the right thing to do — surely a passenger whose seat had been encroached upon could do the same.
From the visuals of the girls beating up a man on a bus and in a park, one thing was evident. People around them were mere onlookers. If the argument that they would have intervened had it been a case of eve-teasing is valid, one wonders why they did not stop the two young women who, without any provocation, pounced on an “innocent” man just for the heck of it.
The future of the three young men will be rendered bleak if they are convicted, their villagers argue (two of the three accused were selected to serve the Army but the Army has said it will not recruit them), and their careers should not be compromised because of two “irresponsible” girls who are habitual fighters. Fair enough. But what if the men are indeed guilty of molesting and harassing the women? Can they be given responsible posts?
Vulnerable everywhere
Women are extremely vulnerable both at home and outside. They are molested in buses, taxis, schools, in the workplace. They are raped and thrown out of moving trains. Verbal abuse and lewd gestures are everyday happenings. Unfortunately for women, their safety is their responsibility. They must get back home by sunset, avoid travelling late nights, avoid cinema and pubs, avoid partying, avoid wearing dresses that provoke lewd comments, avoid going out with boyfriends, ignore eve-teasers, and remain silent or quit their jobs if harassed at the workplace. If they talk and laugh loudly in public, challenge men, wear skirts or jeans, and have live-in relationships, they are easy targets and apparently deserve to be abused. As for the men who abuse them, well, boys are boys.
Didn’t one of our leaders famously say boys make mistakes; they can’t be hanged for that? The oppressive attitude is more evident in States like Haryana, where patriarchal khap panchayats hold sway even today.
When actor Preity Zinta complained a few months ago that Ness Wadia abused her in public during an IPL match, a few sympathised with her. But there were also many who said she was overreacting. Just as there are allegations now that the Haryana sisters escalated a row over a seat, the Ness-Preity spat was attributed to the actor’s refusal to keep seats in the Wankhede stadium reserved for Ness’ relatives. What a striking similarity! In both instances, the thrust is on proving that the men involved did not molest the women but only “reacted” to a situation created by the women themselves.
Just how are women supposed to respond to eve-teasing and harassment in public? People around them don’t care. The police do not take such incidents seriously; filing an FIR is next to impossible. It is very difficult to get witnesses to testify; the woman’s word is her only defence. In most cases of eve-teasing, the tendency is to portray the women who challenge the men as aggressors (“don’t invite adverse publicity, just ignore them” is the wise counsel). Add to that the thinking that boys will be boys; it is for girls to ensure they do not attract harassment.
Of course, women can keep quiet and suffer, as they have been doing for ages. But they are also told that they should speak up against harassment, as a first step towards empowerment. And when two young women from a nondescript village take on a bunch of men who were certainly not minding their own business in a park or a bus, they are described as an aggressive pair for whom beating men is a pastime. What a classic case of damned if you do, damned if you don’t.
Unfortunately, women get sympathy only when they are brutally raped or killed. People congregate on roads with candles and talk about the need to change the patriarchal mindset and empower women. They even talk of how parents should raise their sons responsibly. What we as a society need to understand is when we condone or make light of Rohtak-like incidents for whatever reasons, we encourage men to commit graver crimes. Society’s obsession with the so-called “other side” when it comes to dealing with day-to-day crimes against women is one major reason laws cannot be implemented effectively.
In both reel life and real life, women who suffer endlessly in silence get all the sympathy and respect. The only difference — in films men repent in the last scene.
mythili.s@thehindu.co.in

Japan recession worse than fearedJapan recession worse than first reported
Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df71fdae-7e8e-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ejected SpiceJet pilots land in JetEjected SpiceJet pilots land in Jet
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 8, 2014  | 12:24 IST
With SpiceJet flying into financial turbulence, its pilots are making a beeline for safer jobs in Jet Airways, rival IndiGo and cash-rich foreign carriers.
According to industry sources, more than 50 SpiceJet pilots of the 125 odd who have quit are in line for jobs in Jet and IndiGo.
The others have joined fast-expanding foreign airlines like Etihad while some are seeking entry into Southeast Asian airlines which are also doing well. Sources added that the exodus of pilots is continuing from SpiceJet and this has led to cancellation of several flights and delays, which is pushing the airline further into the red.
The airline's auditors in a report have cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run as a going concern. Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) on Friday withdrew 186 of its slots and asked the carrier to clear salary dues of employees by December 15.
The airline, however, in a statement, said that surrendering the unused slots to an airport operator is a routine practice and it has already paid November salaries to almost 85 per cent of the employees two days ago.
DGCA chief Prabhat Kumar took a series of decisions, including asking the airline to file a convincing schedule by 15 December and clear its over Rs 1,500-crore dues to airports and oil companies.

Japans chances of achieving inflationBlog guide
Hello!
I’m Andrew Smithers; I studied economics at Cambridge and used to run the fund management business at S G Warburg which became Mercury Asset Management and is now BlackRock.
I set up Smithers & Co in 1989 as an economics consultancy. Much of the comments on economics and markets that I read as a fund manager struck me as nonsense and I have had great fun in pointing this out to clients over the years.
I now have the opportunity to disseminate my views more widely and hope that this will amuse and inform readers.
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
Andrew Smithers, Chairman, founded Smithers & Co., a leading advisor to investment managers on international asset allocation, in 1989.
Prior to starting Smithers & Co., Andrew was at S.G. Warburg from 1962 to 1989. He has been a regular contributor to the London Evening Standard, Sentaku Magazine and the Nikkei Veritas. His OpEd pieces are included periodically in the Financial Times.
He is co-author of Valuing Wall Street with Stephen Wright, published in 2000, and Japan’s Challenges for the 21st Century with David Asher, published in 1999. His book Wall Street Revalued - Imperfect Markets and Inept Central Bankers was published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. in July, 2009. He is also the author of Chapter 6, “Can We Identify Bubbles and Stabilize the System?” in The Future of Finance: The LSE Report, published by The London School of Economics and Political Science in September, 2010. His latest book is The Road to Recovery: How and Why Economic Policy Must Change (2013).
Andrew is a Trustee of the Daiwa Anglo-Japanese Foundation and a Fellow of CFA (UK).
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .
The month's most popular posts

Sebi  stock exchanges tighten noose on SMS tipstersSebi, stock exchanges tighten noose on SMS tipsters
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 08:56 IST
Photo: Reuters
As investors and general public get bombarded with SMS tips promising huge stock market gains, regulator Sebi and stock exchanges have beefed up their surveillance to keep these scamsters in the check.
In a vast majority of cases, those offering such 'SMS tips' services are not registered with the market authorities to carry out such operations and make wrong claims of being authorised entities and also use the names of stock exchanges, including Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange (NSE), for their messages and websites.
To ensure that gullible investors do not fall prey to such ill-intentioned designs, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and also the stock exchanges including BSE and NSE have issued public notices against such scams.
A senior official said regulatory action may be initiated against a number of such entities, while a few of them have already been barred by Sebi from all kinds of dealings in the stock market.
"As whereabouts of most such entities are difficult to be ascertained - with most of them operating through SMSes and websites - the regulator and stock exchanges are focussing more on spreading investor awareness against such frauds", he added.
In one of its public notices, BSE said investors are cautioned against SMS tips to buy certain scrips suggesting increase in their market price.
"Do not blindly follow these tips and do thorough analysis about the company before investing", the leading bourse said.
In its own public notice, NSE also asked he investors to beware of such tipsters. "Investors beware. Do not trade on the basis of SMS tips. Take an informed decision before investing", NSE said.
In a detailed investors' guide, BSE also asked investors not to deal with unregistered entities and not to fall prey to promise of unrealistic high returns.
"Don't get misled by companies showing approval/ registrations from government agencies as the approvals could be for certain other purposes and not for the securities you are buying", BSE said.
The exchange also asked investors not to transact in the stock market on the basis of rumours generally called 'tips'.
Earlier this year, Sebi cracked whip on a scam wherein 'trading tips' were being offered through mobile SMSes and WhatsApp messages by unregistered investment advisors while promising guaranteed returns of as much as 200 per cent.
In such cases, Sebi first makes telephone calls to the concerned mobile numbers, followed by further probe and seeking details from mobile operators and banks.
The modus operandi of such entities typically involves sending SMSes to investors with inducing claims and citing references to the website addresses.
They invite prospective investors to enrol with them for their investment advisory services for a registration fee, followed by the investors being provided with trading tips in lieu of commission or profit-sharing.

Karnataka offers govt services through mobile platformKarnataka offers government services through mobile platform
Venkatesha Babu        Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 09:21 IST
President Pranab Mukherjee (Photo: Reuters)
Karnataka, which exports nearly a third of India's IT exports, has embarked on a new experiment of offering nearly 637 government services through a mobile platform called 'Mobile One'.
From applying for birth and death certificates, paying utility bills, property registration, to paying taxes and applying for a driving license, the state government says can all now be done on mobile. The app is available on both iOS and Android platforms.
For those using non-smart 'feature phones' a dedicated number (161) has been set apart where they can interact and request services via messages.
The platform was launched in Bangalore on Monday by the President of India, Pranab Mukherjee , who lauded the move.
Both the former BJP government which initiated the project and the current Congress dispensation under CM S Siddaramaiah which rolled it out, are claiming credit for this citizen friendly initiative.

Dewani honeymoon trial: South African court clears Shrien of charges of murdering wife AnniPrint
Anish Hindocha, left, the brother of Anni Dewani who was murdered during her honeymoon in South Africa in 2010, speaks at a press conference with other family members in the city of Cape Town, South Africa, Wednesday, Dec. 3, 2014. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | South Africa |
Posted: December 8, 2014 6:25 pm | Updated: December 8, 2014 6:26 pm
A South African court cleared British businessman Shrien Dewani on Monday of charges that he paid hitmen to kill his wife while they were on honeymoon in Cape Town four years ago.
State prosecutors had argued that Dewani paid 15,000 rand ($1,300) in a plot with taxi driver Zola Tongo and others to kidnap and murder his wife, Anni, in November 2010, charges he has consistently denied.
Three South Africans, who had implicated Dewani as part of plea bargains for reduced sentences, are serving lengthy jail terms for her murder.
“The application is granted. The accused is found not guilty on this charge,” Judge Jeanette Traverso told a packed courtroom. Dewani is expected to be released and could fly home to Britain later on Monday.
Anni Dewani’s family said they were “deeply disappointed” with the judge’s decision, especially because Shrien never had to take the stand to give his version of events.
“Today we feel as a family that the justice system has failed us,” Anni’s sister, Ami Denborg, told reporters outside the courtroom as family members wept nearby.
Traverso earlier said Tongo, the prosecution’s chief witness, gave testimony “riddled with contradictions” and it was difficult to know where “the lies end and the truth begins”.
She added that the evidence provided by two hitmen also convicted of Anni Dewani’s murder “contradict Mr Tongo on about every aspect of their interaction”.
Prosecutors had argued that Dewani agreed to pay for a staged hijacking in Gugulethu township on the edge of Cape Town.
Mziwamadoda Qwabe, a South African serving 25 years in jail for murdering Anni Dewani, told the court he commandeered the car in which the Dewanis were travelling. Police later found her body in the back seat with a single gunshot wound to the neck.
Dewani lost a three-year legal battle in Britain to avoid being extradited to and tried in South Africa.
His trial is the second high-profile case this year to turn the spotlight on South Africa’s judicial system and high murder rate.
A Pretoria high court in October sentenced Olympic and Paralympic runner Oscar Pistorius to five years in jail for shooting dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
More than 17,000 people were murdered in South Africa between April 2013 and March 2014, an increase of about 800 over the previous year, according to police figures.

Gold import surge widens India s CAD to 2.1% of GDP in Sep quarterGold import surge widens India's CAD to 2.1% of GDP in Sep quarter
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 12:50 AM IST
A sharp rise in gold imports and a fall in export growth pushed India's current account deficit (CAD) to $10.1 billion (2.1 per cent of gross domestic product) in the financial year's second quarter, ending September, compared to $5.2 bn (1.2 per cent of GDP) for July-September 2013.
The deficit was $7.8 bn (1.7 per cent of GDP) in the first quarter ended June, according to Reserve Bank of India  (RBI) data. Despite the rise, the CAD remains within RBI's comfort zone of 2.5 per cent of GDP.
The CAD for the year's first half, April-September 2014, was $17.9 bn (1.9 per cent of GDP) as against $26.9 bn (3.1 per cent of GDP) for April-September 2013.
The balance of payments (BoP) was in positive territory. The accretion to foreign exchange reserves was $6.9 bn in the second quarter as against a drawdown of $10.4 bn in Q2 of 2013-14.
RBI said the increase in CAD was primarily on account of a higher trade deficit, contributed by both a deceleration in export growth and a rise in imports. The trade deficit expanded to $38.6 bn in July-September from $33.3 bn in the same period of FY14.
Reflecting weak global demand, merchandise export growth decelerated to 4.9 per cent in Q2 from 11.9 per cent in Q2 of 2013-14. Merchandise imports were up 8.1 per cent in Q2, against a decline of 4.8 per cent in the same quarter of 2013-14, largely due to a sharp rise in gold import.
The latter jumped 95 per cent to $7.6 bn in Q2 from $3.8 bn in the same quarter last year. The rise had continued in October, too, reaching $4.17 bn from $1.09 bn in October 2013, according to ministry of commerce data.
Rupa Rege-Nitsure, general manager and chief economist, Bank of Baroda, said the rise in CAD for Q2 was expected. Gold prices and inflation had both declined; with more disposable income, people were likely to buy more of gold.
The CAD might rise in the third and fourth quarters, too. For all of 2014-15, it is expected to be $39 bn (2.2 per cent of GDP) if the economy grows by 5.2-5.3 per cent, she added.
Net services receipts improved by 3.4 per cent in Q2, on a pick-up in telecom, computer and information services from their level a year before. The net outflow on account of primary income (profit, dividend and interest), amounting to $6.9 bn, was higher than in the corresponding quarter of 2013-14 ($6.3 bn) and from the earlier quarter ($6.7 bn).
Gross private transfer receipts at $17.4 bn were marginally up from FY14.
The BoP situation for the first half (April-September) showed improvement. A lower CAD and a rise in flows under the financial account resulted in an accretion to forex reserves by $18.1 bn, as against a drawdown of $10.7 bn in the first half of 2013-14, said RBI.

Dutch judges ban taxi service UberPOPBy: Agence-France Presse | The Hague |
Posted: December 8, 2014 9:03 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:41 pm
Dutch judges on Monday banned the popular ride-sharing service UberPOP from taking bookings via its smartphone app, threatening the US company with fines of up to USD 123,000.
A court ordered Uber to stop its UberPOP service, which allows non-professional drivers to register with Uber via a mobile phone and offer trips in their own cars at half the price of a regular cab.
“Drivers who transport people for payment without a licence are breaking the law,” said the decision from the Hague-based Trade and Industry Appeals Tribunal.
Uber could be fined up to 100,000 euros (USD 123,000), and drivers could face fines of 10,000 euros (USD 12,278) for continuing to work, up to a maximum of 40,000 euros.
A defiant Uber reacted in a statement by saying it “will continue to offer UberPOP.” Monday’s decision “is simply the first step in a long-running judicial battle,” the San Francisco-based company added.
UberPOP is one of several services offered by the online taxi startup, which appealed a Dutch government decision in September to have it banned.
Uber said that it was merely offering a “car-sharing service.” But the judges sided with government on Monday, pointing out that Uber receives a 20 percent commission for each trip.
Uber launched UberPOP as a pilot project in Amsterdam between July and September.
Last week Uber extended the service to The Hague and Rotterdam. Several drivers were arrested in Amsterdam in October and fined 1,500 euros. Drivers were also arrested on the first day of operations in Rotterdam.
Uber has expanded at breakneck speed since it launched in 2009 and is now present in more than 200 cities across 45countries.
But its rapid growth has caused tensions, especially in Europe where rival taxi companies have protested that Uber cars are not subject to the same regulations.
A tribunal in Paris, France, will decide on Friday whether Uber’s services constitute unfair competition to traditional taxi drivers.
Delhi’s government on Monday banned Uber from operating in the Indian capital after a passenger accused one of its drivers of rape.

Balance of Payments gets FII boost even as current account deficit widensBlack money outflow from India up nine-fold in a decade, loss of $94.7 mn
India’s current account deficit (CAD) widened to $10.1 billion or 2.1% of gross domestic product (GDP) in the second quarter of the current fiscal from $5.2 billion or 1.2% of GDP in the year-ago-period, due in part to an incipient domestic investment cycle that boosted imports and a muted export growth. In the April-June quarter of this fiscal, the CAD had stood at $7.8 billion or 1.7% of GDP.
However, thanks to copious portfolio inflows — $9.8 billion on a net basis including net inflows of $10.7 billion into the debt market — the country’s balance of payments stood at a surplus of $6.9 billion in Q2 this year. Yet this accretion was lower than the previous quarter’s $11.2 billion, when net portfolio inflows were a more robust $12.4 billion and the merchandise trade deficit was narrower than the Q2 figure of $38.6 billion, at $34.6 billion.
Reserve Bank of India data released on Monday showed the Balance of Payments (BOP) stood at a surplus for the fourth consecutive quarter; in Q2 of FY14, there was a drawdown of $10.4 billion.
Though the widening of the CAD in Q2FY15 was in line with expectations, some analysts said a sharp revival in domestic consumption/investment demand during the last quarter of the year remained a risk to the CAD. On the positive side, the decline in commodity prices could dampen the pressure on the overall import bill. The analyst community was divided if the recent pick-up in gold imports, aided by festive buying, would be short-lived.
Abheek Barua, consultant at Icrier, said: “The CAD could have been much worse had crude oil prices not cooled off. We need to finance current account deficit through export of goods and services and capital flows which are more permanent in nature than the short term capital flows, depending on which is risky.”
Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist at Bank of Baroda, said that there could be a resurgence in gold imports that will in turn widen the CAD.
Bankers do not see a large impact on the currency. “The CAD has shown a marginal rise and it was largely expected. There is unlikely to be any impact on the rupee,” said Ananth Narayan G, regional head of financial markets, South Asia, at Standard Chartered Bank.
Even as foreign investors turned bullish on Indian debt markets, non-resident Indians reduced their dollar investments into bank deposits owing to a cut in interest rates. NRI deposit flows fell to $4.1 billion in July-September from $8.2 billion the same period last year.
A 17% drop in crude oil import bill in H1 this year from the year-ago period, helped by a slide in crude prices, was more than offset by a spike in other imports, partly indicating an incipient investment momentum. Import of petroleum products rose a steep 28% in the first half of this year to $12.2 billion and that of telecom instruments grew at a similar pace to $7 billion.
As per commerce ministry data, gold imports nearly doubled in Q2FY15 to $7.6 billion from the year-ago period which saw the combined crackdown by the government and RBI to drive down imports.
Gold imports, which peaked at $16.3 billion in Q1FY14, had since slid dramatically and remained subdued until earlier this fiscal but started rising again in the build-up to the annual festival and marriage season. Purchases from overseas rose 451% in September to a 15-month high of $3.75 billion and those in October jumped 280% to $4.18 billion. Late last month, the RBI scrapped the 80:20 rule, acceding to the bullion industry’s demand to make supplies even for small jewellers easier. On a half-yearly basis, gold imports still saw a 27% decline — H1FY15 imports were recorded at $14.7 billion compared with $20.2 billion in the year-ago period.
While ICRA expects the volume of gold imports to ease post the festive season, it said the withdrawal of the 80:20 scheme by the RBI might arrest the extent of correction in the quantity of imports.
According to the RBI release, merchandise export growth decelerated to 4.9% in Q2FY15 from 11.9% in Q2FY14 while imports increased 8.1% in Q2FY15 against a decline of 4.8% in the same period last year. Net services receipts improved by an annual 3.4% to $19 billion in Q2 this year.
India’s CAD had widened to a threatening $88 billion or 4.7% of the GDP in FY13, prompting the government to crack down on gold imports. The deficit came down to $32.4 billion or 1.7% of GDP in FY14. Accretion to the reserves was $15.5 billion in FY14 against $3.8 billion in FY13.
TAGS: Balance Of Payment Current Account Deficit Indian Economy
More from economy

Maneka Gandhi moots women taxi services for female travellersDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Union Minister Maneka Gandhi on Monday mooted the idea of women taxi service exclusively for female travellers and said government is in talks with some business enterprises to launch this facility.
Gandhi’s comments came against the backdrop of growing outrage over the alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman executive on Friday night in the National Capital Region by a driver of international taxi-booking service Uber.
The Union Women and Child Development Minister also sought to link overpopulation with crime as she lamented that continuing incidents of rapes indicated a “cultural problem”.
The Minister asked companies to look after the “welfare” of its employees before putting the “onus on the government”.
“I think the question is not putting the onus on the government. The question is that every company should look after their welfare as well,” she said.
Listing women taxi service as one such welfare measure, she said that the government is in talks with “business people” to start such services.
“One of the ways would be to have female taxi services. We have talked to business people to start such services. If necessary we will pay for the training of the drivers,” Gandhi said, adding that it is “an idea whose time has come”.
Gandhi said that the rapes are happening despite “strict laws” being in force as the judicial system takes too long to respond.
“We have strict laws that give no quarter to rapists or to murderers and yet these things continue to happen. Obviously it’s a cultural problem,” Gandhi told Times Now.
“If the judicial system would just work better and faster people would be more scared but it takes such a long time then  a lot of people lose their fear of committing crime,” she added.
“In an overpopulous country there will be a huge amount of crime and this crime is usually angled against what is perceived to be the weaker person and in this case it is this poor girl. What can we do?,” she said reacting to the woman executive rape case.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Maneka Gandhi Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

OnMobile Global up 5% ahead of board meet for buybackDec 09, 2014, 10.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
OnMobile Global up 5% ahead of board meet for buyback
"A meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held on December 11, 2014, to consider and approve, a proposal for buyback of securities of the company," said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
OnMobile Global up 5% ahead of board meet for buyback
"A meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held on December 11, 2014, to consider and approve, a proposal for buyback of securities of the company," said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  OnMobile Global are locked at upper circuit at Rs 69.85 on Tuesday, up 5 percent ahead of board meeting for buyback of shares. There were pending buy orders of 269,961 shares, with no sellers available, at 9:58 hours IST.
"A meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held on December 11, 2014, to consider and approve, a proposal for buyback of securities of the company," said the company in its filing.
The mobile technology and services provider has cash and cash equivalents of Rs 289.8 crore at the end of September 30, 2014.
OnMobile said the trading window for dealing in securities of the company has been closed for designated employees and insiders from December 06, 2014 to December 15, 2014 (both days inclusive) as per the Sebi regulations.
Meanwhile, this buyback would be for the second time as the company had also done a buyback of shares in 2011.
OnMobile System Inc, the largest shareholder of the company with 44.57 percent stake as of September 2014, had given an voluntary open offer of around 10.03 percent stake (1.19 crore shares) at Rs 40 apiece in February.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Rules for radio taxi services outdated  no guidelines for app-based taxis in India31
1
New Delhi: The recent rape case allegedly by a Uber cab driver has raised the issue of security in the radio cabs which until now were believed to be safe.
The radio cabs in India are governed by guidelines framed by the Transport department. The norms framed by the government in 2006 under the Radio Taxi scheme state that every cab owner must own a fleet of at least 500 cars, along with parking and office space.
A GPS based tracking device must be in constant communication with the Central Control unit while the vehicle is on duty. The licensee is responsible for police verification of drivers, and must ensure that they are reliable.
The radio cabs in India are governed by guidelines framed by the Transport department.
#radio cabs #transport department #uber #ola
However, none of these rules apply to services like Uber and Ola, who are known as aggregators. Aggregators merely provide an online platform to link the customer to the driver.
Such companies do not own the cabs and are not obliged to verify the driver's credentials. A GPS device is also not mandatory according to the rules.
In fact, Uber is based in San Francisco and operates in India out of its Netherlands arm. The payments made to Uber go to its unit in Netherlands. Uber, in turn, deducts its revenue share and redirects the money to the taxi driver in India. The company also does not need to pay any service tax in India.
With lack of alternatives in public transport, aggregator services in India are on the rise. However, concerns over passengers' security is one of the reason why it's time for the government to step in to regulate the industry.
12

Domestic car sales up 9.52 per cent in NovemberLower fuel cost, excise duty relief propel car sales in November
By PTI | 9 Dec, 2014, 10.45AM IST
Tweet
Domestic passenger car sales increased 9.52 per cent to 1,56,445 units in November as compared with 1,42,849 units in the year-ago month.
NEW DELHI: After declining for two months in a row, car sales in India rose by 9.5 per cent in November, propelled by lower fuel prices and continued relief in excise duty.
Domestic car sales in November stood at 1,56,445 units, up 9.52 per cent, as compared to 1,42,849 units in the same month of 2013, according to the data released by Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM).
"Sales have grown in November as the overall sentiment has improved due to overall cost of ownership having come down with the lowering of fuel prices and benefits of reduced excise duty continuing," SIAM Director General Vishnu Mathur told reporters here.
Car sales have been fluctuating this year with various ups and downs and in order to "really kickstart" the growth steps like excise duty relief extension beyond December 31 and interest rate cut are required.
"Hopefully, we are on a recovery path. If you want it deep-rooted, interest rate cut is required so that people sitting on the fence start buying," Mathur said.
He said that if these steps are taken then "we will see some growth next fiscal".
"We hope that the government extends the excise duty relief till February, till the Budget," Mathur said, adding that discontinuation of the relief would affect recovery in the sector.
Car sales in the country grew from May to August this year after a prolonged slump which lasted over two years. The sales, however, declined 1.03 per cent in September and by 2.55 per cent in October.
In November, market leader Maruti Suzuki India posted a growth of 14.87 per cent in domestic passenger car sales at 82,306 units as against 71,649 units in the same month last year.
Rival Hyundai Motor India saw its sales grow by 6.04 per cent to 35,448 units as compared to 33,427 units in the same month last year.
Honda Cars India witnessed a rise of 24.72 per cent in domestic sales of its passenger cars at 11,612 units as against 9,310 units in the year-ago month.
Homegrown auto major Tata Motors' sales increased 30.03 per cent at 10,286 units as against 7,910 units in November 2013, while utility vehicles major Mahindra & Mahindra's sales during the month declined by 16.22 per cent to 13,613 units as against 16,249 units last year.
Motorcycle sales last month declined 3.05 per cent to 8,53,254 units from 8,80,078 units a year earlier, according to SIAM data.
"Motorcycle sales have been hit as rural sales have been impacted by weak monsoon. It is the scooter segment which has been during the growth of two-wheeler segment," Mathur said.

Macquarie downgrades Cairn India; stock slips 2%You are here: Home > Collections > Macquarie
Cairn India shares fall after Macquarie downgrade
Reuters Dec 9, 2014, 11.39AM IST
Tags:
Cairn India Ltd
(Shares of Cairn India Ltd…)
Shares of Cairn India Ltd fell aabout 2 per cent afer Macquarie downgradeed the stock to "neutral" from "outperform".
Cairn is the most exposed to crude prices, arguably even among peers in Asia, according to Macquarie.
Increasing government share, end of income tax holiday in FY17, and a backended uptick in projected production profile are other fundamental factors, it added.
At 11:39 a.m., the stock was down 1.78 per cent or Rs 253.15 on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sun-Ranbaxy deal gets CCI nod with ridersSun Pharma-Ranbaxy deal gets CCI nod with riders
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 11:55 IST
The Competition Commission of India (CCI) approved the $4-billion Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy merger on Monday with the rider that the two pharma companies will have to divest seven key products to address monopoly concerns.
The fair trade watchdog has ordered Ranbaxy to dispose of six products and Sun to divest one and will appoint a monitoring committee to oversee compliance to the stipulated conditions.
The deal was announced in April and will create the country's biggest drug company. This was the first case which the CCI subjected to public scrutiny as it had found the deal 'prima facie' in violation of the competition laws.
In its order dated on December 5 and made public on Monday, the CCI said that 'it approves the proposed combination ... subject to the parties carrying out the modification to the proposed combination".
The CCI has directed Sun Pharma to divest all products containing 'Tamsulosin + Tolterodine, which are marketed and supplied under the Tamlet brand name.
Ranbaxy would be required to divest all products containing Leuprorelin, which are marketed and supplied under the Eligard brand name.
Ranbaxy would also have to divest products such as Terlibax, Rosuvas EZ, Olanex F, Raciper L and Triolvance.

Burdwan blast: Sahanur was in touch with 2 JMB leadersWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:48 am
Sahanur Alom alias Ilias, one of NIA’s 12 “most wanted” persons in the Burdwan blast case who was arrested by the Assam Police Friday, had close links with top leaders of Jamaatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB). Police is on the look-out for one Zahid, a top JMB operative believed to be hiding somewhere in Assam.
Zahid, sources said, was sent to Assam to initiate organisational activities after the JMB was banned in Bangladesh. He is also believed to have married a woman from Barpeta district (from where Alom hails), and had reportedly acquired voter ID and ration card.
Sources in Assam Police said Sahanur (32), who is currently being questioned by Special Branch and the NIA, has admitted to have been in regular contact with at least two top JMB leaders, including its “commander” Sajid Sheikh, a Bangladeshi national who was arrested by West Bengal Police near Kolkata airport on November 8. While Sahanur carried a reward of Rs 5 lakh, the NIA had announced a reward of Rs 10 lakh for Sajid.
Sajid, who had escaped to India after the JMB was banned in Bangladesh in the wake of the 2005 serial blasts, had trained boys from both West Bengal and Assam in places like Murshidabad, Burdwan and Birbhum. “That a person from a remote village in Barpeta district in Assam had become close to terrorists like Sajid itself indicates how deep-rooted the JMB conspiracy to create disturbances in Assam has been,” said a senior Assam Police officer.
Another top JMB leader with whom Sahanur admitted to have been close is Yusuf Sheikh alias Moulana Yusuf, a resident of West Bengal who is believed to have made several trips to Assam in the past one year or more. Yusuf, police said, had attended several motivational training programmes organised by Sahanur in Assam to attract young boys to the JMB fold.

Brent @5-yr low below $66 | Crude likely to fall to $60 a barrelBeijing
LONDON: Brent crude oil hit a fresh five-year low on Tuesday before steadying near $66 a barrel as some cautious buying emerged following a 43 percent price slide since June.
Fast-growing US shale output has hurt the ability of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to manage supplies, sending prices sharply lower in anticipation of a large oil glut early next year.
Supply and demand will set the price for oil in coming months, an oil official from the United Arab Emirates said on Tuesday, in the latest sign OPEC Gulf producers are ready to weather lower prices after declining to cut output last month.
"Although talks of oil reaching its bottom are more rampant, we fail to see a reversal coming without stronger fundamentals," Daniel Ang of Phillip Futures said in a note.
Brent crude for January delivery was up 2 cents at $66.21 a barrel by 0940 GMT after falling as low as $65.29, its weakest since September 2009. Brent had fallen fell by 4.2 percent or $2.88 on Monday in its third-largest one-day loss this year.
US crude was up 23 cents at $63.28 a barrel, bouncing after briefly hitting $62.25, its lowest since July 2009. It fell by 4.2 percent or $2.79 on Monday.
Industry sources said top OPEC exporter Saudi Arabia would keep crude sales at full contracted volumes for Asian term buyers in January, while the head of Kuwait's national oil company said on Monday oil would remain around $65 a barrel for months.
Norwegian brokerage DNB Markets said that excess supplies could push Brent down to the $50s in the first half of 2015 as it lowered its average year forecast by $10 to $70 per barrel.
Brent prices averaged around $110 between 2011 and 2013 and topped $115 in June. Losses accelerated in late November after OPEC decided against reducing its output target, despite its own forecasts of a surplus and calls from members including Iran and Venezuela to cut production.
Since then, Saudi Arabia and second-largest OPEC producer Iraq have both cut monthly prices for the United States and Asia, in a move some analysts say shows OPEC members are competing for market share.
New US projections show oil production from the big three US shale plays should grow by more than 100,000 barrels per day by January.
However, many shale companies are starting to make deep cuts to spending for next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why an oil crash is exactly what Obama needsYou are here: Home > Collections > Opec
Why an oil crash is exactly what Barack Obama needs
Business Insider Dec 9, 2014, 12.02PM IST
Tags:
(The historic drop in crude…)
By COLIN CAMPBELL
The historic drop in crude oil prices is poised to give a clear boost to President Barack Obama both in the US and abroad, according to the Washington bureau chief of The Wall Street Journal.
"Even President Barack Obama likely would agree that 2014 has been a tough year for him-and he doubtless would welcome a sign that he will catch a break or two in 2015. Well, here's one: Low oil prices .... are shaping up as a win-win for the president," the Journal's Gerald Seib wrote Monday.
Earlier in the day, the price of both Brent and WTI crude hit a five-year low. Prices have fallen more than 30% since OPEC declined to curb production in November. Declining global demand and rising US production have led to a glut in supply this year.
Seib argued this price drop has both domestic and international benefits for the Obama administration. High gasoline prices - which result from high oil prices - are widely detested among American consumers. And many of the countries hurt by low oil prices could be on a who's-who list of US geopolitical foes.
"It's hard to imagine a single development that carries so many upsides and so few downsides. The domestic economic benefits are obvious," Seib wrote. "It just happens that the countries hurt most by the oil-price decline are on the current U.S. naughty list, from Iran and Syria to Russia and Venezuela. Meanwhile, many obvious economic and strategic beneficiaries-Jordan, Egypt, Israel and Japan among them-are on the nice list."
A senior administration official told the Journal the impact would be "very profound" in Russia, an oil exporter that has repeatedly clashed with the US over its recent annexation of Ukrainian territory.
"They may be heading into a recession," the official remarked, suggesting the Russian government may need to curtail its financial support for Ukrainian separatists. "There are going to have to be tradeoffs."
Seib said Obama will also see benefits in the Middle East, where the White House is hoping to negotiate a deal with Iran to rein in its nuclear program in exchange for ending economic sanctions. The Islamic State jihadists (also known as ISIS) also use oil sales to partially self-fund their military in nearby Iraq and Syria.
"Iran's predicament is similar and, from the American point of view, particularly well timed. The Obama administration has perhaps three months to pressure Iran into a long-term deal restricting its nuclear program. Only economic pressure has brought such a deal into view, and the pinch on Iranian oil revenues now will escalate the pressure at precisely the right time," Seib wrote.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Beaten down Spicejet pulls back; surges over 10%You are here: Home > Collections
Beaten down Spicejet pulls back; rallies over 10% intraday
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 9, 2014, 11.41AM IST
Tags:
Airport Authority of India
(Even as Spicejet continues…)
MUMBAI: Even as Spicejet continues to fly in turbulent weather, its share price surged over 10 per cent intraday after a sharp fall recently.
There are hopes that the debt-ridden company might manage to rope in private equity investor. According to analysts, the company needs over $250 million to turnaround. The airline has sought six week's time from aviation ministry to find a strategic investor.
The airline reported of Rs 310 crore in quarter ended September which is down from loss of Rs 559 crore in the corresponding period last year. The recent sharp fall in crude oil prices and subsequent reduction in ATF prices may help the company to narrow losses in next quarter.
The stock fell over 28 per cent between December 1 and 8 on the back of negative news-flow. The cash strapped company cancelled over 1800 flights in the month of December.
Following reports of Spicejet cancelling its flights, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15. As the company faces liquidity issues, there are reports of its pilots flocking to other airlines for jobs.
According to reports, DGCA is not reviewing its decision to impose curbs on SpiceJet until the airline assures that it has enough cash to run operations.
Media reports that Airport Authority of India has put it on cash-and-carry payment mode also hurt investors sentiment. However, the company in a filing to stock exchanges clarified that "SpiceJet Limited is not under a "cash and carry" payment mode with Airport Authority of India as wrongly reported in certain sections of the media."
Last month, Big Bull Rakesh Jhunjhunwala bought 1.4 per cent stake in the airline for about Rs 13.41 crore.
At 11:00 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 15.90, up 4.26 per cent, on the BSE. It rallied 10.81 per cent to hit intraday high of Rs 16.90. Over 1.48 crore shares were traded in the counter against two-week average of 1.86 crore shares.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jet flies higher  surges 9% to fresh 52-week high; counter is up 65% since November 25Airports Authority of India
(Jet Airways rallied as much…)
NEW DELHI: Jet Airways rallied as much as 8.92 per cent in trade to hit a fresh 52-week high of Rs 425 following a sharp fall in crude oil prices and with continuing woes of rival airlines SpiceJet.
The stock has managed to rally over 25 per cent in December alone and nearly 65 per cent since November 25, as of Monday's close. However, for the whole year Jet Airways managed to rally nearly 40 per cent.
"The main fundamental factor for the share price to go up is obviously the significant fall in the crude price and this kind of fall drop of almost 40 per cent from the peak seems to be some sort of a sustainable kind of fall," said Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com to ET Now.
Every $1/bbl fall in crude can boost company's FY16 oper profit estimate by 4-5 per cent, Reuters said in a report. Weakness at rivals will also boost sales, added the report. SpiceJet slashed its fleet size to save costs.
Benchmark Brent crude slipped to its lowest in five years on Tuesday, dropping below $66 a barrel after plunging more than 4 per cent the day before on worries over a deepening supply glut, Reuters reported.
According to reports, some states have cut jet fuel tax to 4-5 per cent from 20-30 per cent. Jet Airways may not pass on the benefit of lower oil price to its passengers in order to improve margins.
According to him, benefits of lower ATF price plus crude prices coming would help the company to ramp up margins. If they do not pass on major part of the price drop to the consumers to that extent at least the next couple of quarters could be much better than the previous two.
Woes at rival airliner SpiceJet continued as Airports Authority of India (AAI) is considering putting the airline on the cash-and-carry mode soon if it does not furnish a bank guarantee against its dues to the airport operator, which stand at around Rs 200 crore.
DGCA has also asked the airliner to stop taking bookings by tomorrow of more than one month in advance, they said, adding, "If it does not, it will be served a show-cause notice."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Banned  but Delhi ride continues for Uber and Ola CabsUber, Ola and TaxiForSure cabs on Delhi's roads despite ban
Atul Mathur , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 11:57 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 14:16 IST(9/12/2014)
Comments
All internet-based taxi firms were banned in Delhi after a passenger was allegedly raped by a driver contracted to US online cab company Uber, but the web apps of these firms continued to function.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
Delhi's transport department first banned Uber on Monday and then cracked down on Ola Cabs, Taxi for Sure and TaxiPixi , but Uber, Ola and Taxi for Sure continued to book passengers through their apps.
Hindustan Times booked cabs with Ola, Uber and Taxi for Sure on Tuesday morning for different destinations and also received confirmation messages and emails from the two companies. The Delhi government, it appears, is still trying to figure out how to implement its orders.
— Neha Gupta (@nehagupta2918) December 9, 2014
TaxiforSure banned but you can still book a cab! pic.twitter.com/8Tg4b79Efh
— Neha Mahajan (@nehamahajan05) December 9, 2014
Banned cabs still plying on Delhi roads. This one seen at India Gate around midday today. @htTweets #DelhiRape pic.twitter.com/LVOCNcUJXy
— Krittivas Mukherjee (@Krittivasm) December 9, 2014
A senior transport department official said the companies themselves should take note of its public notice and stop plying cabs.
"We will soon have discussions with the information technology department to understand the provisions of the IT Act under which we can prevent Uber application to be downloaded on smartphones or from being used to book cabs," said a transport department official who did not want to be named as he is not authorised to speak to the media.
While Ola Cabs did not respond to phone calls, text messages and an email sent to them, a source close to Uber said they will continue to operate unless they get a communication from the government.
Meanwhile, union home ministry has also asked the governments of other states to prohibit activities of web-based transport companies.
According to a transport department notification, only six radio taxi operators - Meru, Mega, Chanson, Yo, Air and ?Easy - are authorised to run radio taxi services in Delhi.
"All other transport service providers through web based technology, who are not recognised, are prohibited from providing such services till they get licence from the transport department," the notification said.
Uber, Ola Cabs, Taxi for Sure and TaxiPixi are mobile-application based cab booking services that have been operating in Delhi since the past few months. According to an estimate, close to 10,000 taxis are associated with these applications.

Live: Rajya Sabha takes up Uber rape casemore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Oil prices hit 5-year lows; pressure global currenciesOil price slump puts pressure on commodity-linked currencies, Asian shares
Wayne Cole     Sydney   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 14:24 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Oil prices plummeted to five-year lows on Tuesday, pressuring commodity-linked currencies and most Asian shares as a bout of risk aversion rippled through world markets.
The urge for safety gave a rare boost to the Japanese yen which edged higher with particularly large gains on the troubled Australian and New Zealand dollars.
Much of the action was in oil where a glut of supply has seen the fuel's prices fall for almost six months now, so pressuring energy stocks and commodity-related assets globally.
Oil prices are likely to remain around US $65 a barrel for the next six  to seven months until the global economy recovers or the Organization of  Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) changes its production policy, the  head of Kuwait's state oil company said.
Brent crude prices fell by 86 cents to US $65.33 a barrel, while US crude futures dipped another 70 cents to US $62.35. Both had already tumbled over 4 per cent on Monday on expectations that a deepening oil glut would keep prices under pressure into 2015.
While falling energy prices are a boon for consumer spending power in most parts of the world, it was bad news for resource stocks like Australia's Santos which fell almost 8 per cent.
The pain spread across the main Australian share index which dipped 1.5 per cent, while MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased 0.8 per cent to a seven-week trough.
Japan's Nikkei fell 0.7 per cent, but that follows a run of hefty gains which took it to the highest since mid-2007.
Chinese shares have also been on a tear and Tuesday was no different as the CSI300 index powered up another 3 per cent to peaks last visited in April 2011. It has now climbed by a third in just three weeks.
On Monday, Dow Jones had fallen 0.59 per cent, while the S&P 500 was down 0.73 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.84 per cent.
In currency markets, the yen benefited as nervous speculators cut back on short positions. The dollar faded to 120.19 yen, and away from Monday's high of 121.86, while the euro retreated to 148.00.
The Australian dollar was a major loser, reflecting the country's position as a major commodity exporter, and slid a full yen to 99.11.
Not helping risk appetite was a Wall Street Journal report that US Federal Reserve officials were seriously considering dropping an assurance that short-term interest rates will stay near zero for a 'considerable time'.
Such a move would be taken as a sign the US central bank was on target to start raising interest rates around the middle of 2015, a view that has gained great traction since last week's surprisingly strong payrolls report .
Yields on two-year Treasury debt have spiked to highs not seen since April 2011 while the whole yield curve has flattened markedly as investors wager US Fed action will keep inflation low over the long run.
The lack of inflationary pressure combined with a rising US dollar kept gold on the back foot. Spot prices were stuck at US $1,200 on Tuesday after shedding a couple of bucks the previous session.
(Reuters)

Islamic State using Westerners as cannon fodder  saysAustraliaBy: Associated Press | Sydney |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:45 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 12:49 pm
Australia’s government accused the Islamic State group of using foreign fighters as “cannon fodder,” as the number of Australians killed while fighting alongside militants in Syria and Iraq rose to 20.
Australian Attorney General George Brandis said in a report published Tuesday that members of the Islamic State movement are tricking Westerners into believing they are playing a key part of a religious crusade.
“They are simply using them as frontline cannon fodder, suicide bombers and propaganda tools,” Brandis told The Australian newspaper.
Twenty Australians have died in the conflict in Syria and Iraq, Brandis said, with several dying in recent weeks while fighting against government forces in the Syrian border town Kobani. Australia had previously put the death toll at 15.
“Australian youths, and many young men and women from Western countries, are being lured by the falsehood of a noble battle against an oppressive enemy,” Brandis said. “In reality, they are merely taking part in acts of thoughtless violence – in many cases against innocent civilians – on behalf of ISIL, which is intent on recklessly enslaving, raping and murdering those with a contrary view to their own.”
Last week, Australia used tough new counterterrorism laws to make it a criminal offense for Australians to travel to the Syrian province of al-Raqqa because of the Islamic State movement’s hold on the war-ravaged region.
The government estimates at least 70 Australians are fighting with terrorist groups in Iraq and Syria.

Ready to assist in resolving Kashmir issue if requested: Ban KiMoonBy: Press Trust of India | United Nations |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:42 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 2:18 pm
UN chief Ban Ki-moon has expressed readiness to engage with India and Pakistan in resolving the Kashmir issue if requested by both and asked them to resume talks to reach an agreement that would serve their security interests as well as that of the region.
“As I have stated in the past, if both countries request it, I am ready to engage further to assist in resolving this issue,” the Secretary General said.
Reiterating that peace in Jammu and Kashmir can be achieved only through dialogue, Ban called on the two countries to resume discussions and said that an agreement on Kashmir would serve the security interests of both countries as well as that of the region.
“I once again encourage both governments to resume discussions and identify confidence-building measures that will allow them to come to an agreement on Kashmir, which will serve the security interests of both countries as well as of the region,” Ban told PTI.
He said that Kashmiris need to be engaged in the process and their rights must also be respected at all times.
Ban said he as well as other senior officials have been in close contact with authorities from both Pakistan and India in recent weeks, given the tensions between the two countries when violence escalated along the Line of Control in October.
Several Indian civilians had been killed and many others injured as Pakistan targeted dozens of army outposts and villages. Pakistan had said that it too had suffered civilian casualties.
“I am saddened by the loss of lives throughout this conflict, including this fall when civilians were killed and thousands more were displaced. I am convinced that peace and stability in Kashmir can be achieved only through dialogue,” Ban said.
India and Pakistan were engaged in a war of words in the UN General Assembly with India strongly rejecting Pakistan’s comments about Kashmir at the world body.
Adviser to the Pakistan prime minister on national security and foreign affairs Sartaj Aziz had written a letter to Ban on the border tensions with India and sought the UN’s intervention, stepping up its attempts to internationalise the Kashmir issue.

NASAs Curiosity rover finds new evidence of water onMarsBy: Press Trust of India | Washington |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:30 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 3:18 pm
Led by a team of scientists of Indian-origin, NASA’s Curiosity rover has found new evidence of water on Mars, indicating that the planet most like Earth in the solar system was suitable for microbial life.
Pictures and other data collected by NASA ‘s Mars rover Curiosity show that rivers once flowed into a lake or lakes at the bottom of Gale Crate, an enormous dimple carved out by an incoming space rock.
NASA said its interpretation of Curiosity’s finds in Gale Crater suggests ancient Mars maintained a climate that could have produced long-lasting lakes at many locations on the Red Planet.
Layers of intrigue: @MarsCuriosity find clues to how a Martian mountain inside of a crater came to be. Watch: http://t.co/czFsGY7SZa
— NASA (@NASA) December 9, 2014
The American space agency said Mars’s Mount Sharp was built by sediments deposited in a large lake bed over tens of millions of years.
“If our hypothesis for Mount Sharp holds up, it challenges the notion that warm and wet conditions were transient, local, or only underground on Mars,” said Indian- American Ashwin Vasavada, who is the Curiosity deputy project scientist at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena.
The thickness of the rock outcrops indicates that the lake – or lakes – must have sloshed around the bottom of 154-km Gale Crater over the course of millions of years, though the lake probably dried up and then reappeared a number of times, the researchers said.
“A more radical explanation is that Mars’ ancient, thicker atmosphere raised temperatures above freezing globally, but so far we don’t know how the atmosphere did that,” he added.
Mount Sharp stands about three miles (5 kilometers) tall, its lower flanks exposing hundreds of rock layers.
The rock layers – alternating between lake, river and wind deposits — bear witness to the repeated filling and evaporation of a Martian lake much larger and longer-lasting than any previously examined close-up.
Layers of Intrigue: Data show millions of years of lake sediment built Mars’ Mt Sharp http://t.co/V1zd1bTiRx pic.twitter.com/i5I5yB2pc7
— Curiosity Rover (@MarsCuriosity) December 8, 2014
In a statement NASA said why this layered mountain sits in a crater has been a challenging question for researchers.
“We are making headway in solving the mystery of Mount Sharp,” said Curiosity Project Scientist John Grotzinger of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California.
“Where there’s now a mountain, there may have once been a series of lakes.”
Curiosity currently is investigating the lowest sedimentary layers of Mount Sharp, a section of rock 500 feet (150 meters) high dubbed the Murray formation.
Rivers carried sand and silt to the lake, depositing the sediments at the mouth of the river to form deltas similar to those found at river mouths on Earth.
This cycle occurred over and over again.
“The great thing about a lake that occurs repeatedly, over and over, continued…

China stocks crack  take a toll on Sensex; 20 intraday trading ideasChina stocks crack, Sensex takes a dive; top 20 intraday trading bets
ET Now Dec 9, 2014, 03.09PM IST
Tags:
Century Textiles Ltd
(Sensex slipped as much as…)
MUMBAI: A sudden sell-off in Chinese markets led to a correction in other Asian markets, including India. The Nifty slipped below 8,350 and was trading at its November 20 lows.
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 334 points and was trading below its crucial psychological support level of 28000, led by losses in ONGC, L&T, ITC, ICICI Bank and SBI.
"China said lower-rated bonds can no longer be used as collateral for some short-term loans, sparking a selloff in riskier debt that spread to government notes and stocks. The yuan fell the most since 2008," Bloomberg reported.
According to analysts, Chinese market had surged 9 per cent last week and some profit booking was expected. However, the sharp fall of over 6 per cent intraday has made investors cautious.
Shanghai Composite Index closed down 5.43 percent, or 163.99 points, at 2,856.27 on turnover of 793.4 billion yuan ($128.2 billion).
At 03:06 p.m., the S&P BSE Sensex was trading at 27,802.56; down 316.84 points.
The Nifty was trading at 8,339.05, down 99.2 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 1.70 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 1.73 per cent.
The S&P BSE Metal Index was down 2.75 per cent, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index fell 1.96 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index was 2.7 per cent lower.
Sesa Sterlite (5 per cent), Bharti Airtel (3.7 per cent), Tata Power (4.7 per cent), ONGC (4.3 per cent) and Hindalco (3.7 per cent) were among the major Nifty losers.
Sun Pharma (up 1.3 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.44 per cent), HCL Technologies (up 0.46 per cent), TCS (up 0.42 per cent) and M&M (up 0.58 per cent) were among the major Nifty gainers.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical and Ranbaxy Laboratories gained momentum after the Competition Commission of India approved merger of Sun Pharma with Ranbaxy on the condition that the companies divest seven select brands in the Indian drug market.
The market breadth was negative on the NSE with 446 gainers against 1046 losers.
Profit booking in Asian markets picked up after sell-off in China. The Shanghai Composite plunged 5.43 per cent and Hang Seng was 2.36 per cent lower.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 224
Hindustan Zinc is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 181 and a stop loss of Rs 166
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 169
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 490 and a stop loss of Rs 525
 
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 345 and a stop loss of Rs 327
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 184 and a stop loss of Rs 173
India Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 83 and a stop loss of Rs 91.50
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 630 and a stop loss of Rs 663
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 342 and a stop loss of Rs 324
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 257
State Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 307 and a stop loss of Rs 314
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst, Sharekhan
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 244 and a stop loss of Rs 223
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 71
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 273 and a stop loss of Rs 252
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 266 and a stop loss of Rs 253
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 506 and a stop loss of Rs 532
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1140
Ankit Chaudhary, Senior Tech Analyst, Analyse India
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 94
Radico Khaitan Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 90
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 380
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

USD to strengthen in 2015 but INR will outperform: HSBCDec 09, 2014, 12.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
USD to strengthen in 2015 but INR will outperform: HSBC
2015 will be a tough year for Asian currencies and every single major currency will drift lower against the US dollar (USD). The Indian rupee (INR), however, will be one of the few currencies that will cope with the greenback strength better, according to an HSBC report.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
USD to strengthen in 2015 but INR will outperform: HSBC
2015 will be a tough year for Asian currencies and every single major currency will drift lower against the US dollar (USD). The Indian rupee (INR), however, will be one of the few currencies that will cope with the greenback strength better, according to an HSBC report.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
2015 will be a tough year for Asian currencies and every single major currency will drift lower against the US dollar (USD). The Indian rupee (INR), however, will be one of the few currencies that will cope with the greenback strength better. That’s the takeaway from the latest report released by HSBC on expected forex trends in the next year.
In the report, analysts write that the broad strength seen in the US dollar in 2014, thanks to resurging growth and the expected wind-down of accommodative Federal Reserve policy, will continue into 2015.
They added that while the USD is broadly expected to strengthen against most Asian currencies – within that, they expect the INR, Indonesian rupiah (IDR) and Philippine peso (PHP) to outperform (or fall less) while South Korean won (KRW), Taiwan dollar (TWD) and Malaysian ringgit (MYR) would underperform – those looking for trade should decipher individual pairs of Asian currencies and the euro and Japanese yen, which are also expected to weaken.
The Chinese renminbi (RMB) will also perform strongly against the USD but will exhibit strong volatility, they warned.
Also, “other, more domestic-oriented fundamentals could be key to understanding Asian central banks’ FX policies and the direction of global capital flows. These include inflation, competitiveness and reform agendas. This is especially so, if core bond yields stay low,” the report said.
The reason why HSBC expects the INR, IDR and PHP to outperform is because of “the likelihood of their central banks having FX policies that are not particularly biased towards currency weakness (due to either high inflation or an absence of export competitiveness concerns)”.
“Their domestic demand stories are more compelling than others in the region, reflecting low leverage levels and/or structural reforms. All three have a long-term demographic dividend that will increasingly aid underlying growth. We also see these countries, especially India, benefiting significantly from low oil prices,” the report stated.
While analysts expected the INR to broadly weaken to 63 to the USD (that is, fall not too much from current levels), currency traders could play its relative strength by shorting the Canadian dollar (CAD) and buying INR.
“The CAD is seen weakening versus the USD in 2015, while USD-INR should only drift slightly higher. A strong USD environment could continue to weigh on global commodity prices, much to the detriment of the CAD, via slower growth, a wider current account deficit and poorer terms of trade,” the report said.
“However, lower commodity prices would be a net positive for the INR via expected improvements in the trade and fiscal accounts. Both the CAD and the INR have similar current account deficits (roughly 2 percent of GDP), but there is scope for the CAD to deteriorate versus the INR,” it added.
RELATED NEWS

Interact with CNBC-TV18: Keep balanced portfolio of both pvt  public banks: Axis Cap08:00 am
On Moneycontrol Messageboard, boarder Ashok Kumar Bajpai, from Hardoi district in Uttar Pradesh, asked about the outlook on banking stocks. He has investments in SBI  and Allahabad Bank .
Replying to his query Nilesh Shah, MD and CEO, Axis Capital , said though he won’t be able to comment on the stock side, if one sees the banking and financial services sector, the private sector banks have outperformed public sector banks for last 15-20 years.
“If you were invested in private sector banks, these are these PSU banks over last one, five, ten, fifteen, twenty years your portfolio would have appreciated far more. So do look at what has and hopefully that will get repeated in the future. So in your portfolio you should have private sector banks as well as public sector banks,” he said.
According to Shah, going forward the banking and financial services sector will have to grow at a much faster level in order to support growth. “If your credit growth is at 12-13 percent, your economy cannot hope to grow at 8 percent,” he said.
As economic growth will start recovering, it will get aided by faster credit growth which should be beneficial to the profitability and valuation of the banking sector. So one should remain overweight banking sector but do give representation to private sector banks as well as public sector banks in your portfolio.
RELATED NEWS

Insurance Co. Ordered to pay Rs 27 lakh compensationInsurance Co. Ordered to pay Rs 27 lakh compensation
China leaders convene to forge key 2015 economy policiesChina leaders convene to forge key 2015 economy policies
HCL Tech signs 30-mth contract with Washington GasHCL Tech signs 30-mth contract with Washington Gas
Assembly Polls Live: 15% Voting in Jharkhand; Low-key Polling in JAssembly Polls Live: 15% Voting in Jharkhand; Low-key Polling in J
MF Assets Fall Marginally In NovemberMF Assets Fall Marginally In November
Child molested by 16-year-old boyChild molested by 16-year-old boy
Indian markets trade lowerIndian markets trade lower
Select committee adopts draft report on insurance billSelect committee adopts draft report on insurance bill
WTO issues mixed ruling in Indian challenge on steel dutiesDec 09, 2014, 12.57 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
WTO issues mixed ruling in Indian challenge on steel duties
In one of the most complicated appeals decisions ever handled by the 19-year-old trade watchdog, the Appellate Body reversed much of a ruling by a three-person panel in July, which said the US duties had wrongly penalised India for subsidising steel exports from Tata Steel.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
WTO issues mixed ruling in Indian challenge on steel duties
In one of the most complicated appeals decisions ever handled by the 19-year-old trade watchdog, the Appellate Body reversed much of a ruling by a three-person panel in July, which said the US duties had wrongly penalised India for subsidising steel exports from Tata Steel.
Post your opinion here
 
The World Trade Organization's Appellate Body issued a mixed ruling on Monday in a trade dispute brought by India to challenge US anti-subsidy duties on Indian steel.
In one of the most complicated appeals decisions ever handled by the 19-year-old trade watchdog, the Appellate Body reversed much of a ruling by a three-person panel in July, which said the US duties had wrongly penalised India for subsidising steel exports from Tata Steel .
However the Appellate Body still ruled that the US duties were in breach of WTO rules and it asked the United States to bring its rules into line.
Tata Steel stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  10:14 hrs Tata Steel was quoting at Rs 390.75, up Rs 1.35, or 0.35 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 578.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 332.20.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 84.86 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 4.6. The latest book value of the company is Rs 629.60 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.62.
RELATED NEWS

Australian government drops universal healthcare changesAustralian government drops universal healthcare changes
Reuters
Tweet
SYDNEY, Dec 9:  
Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Tuesday abandoned a plan to radically reshape Australia's universal healthcare system by charging patients a fee to see their doctor, a major back flip for his struggling conservative government.
The A$7 ($6) "co-payment" fee, which had been included in an unpopular May budget, was heavily criticised by the opposition and many in the healthcare sphere as a sign that Australia was moving toward a U.S. healthcare model.
The policy reversal is the latest in a string for Abbott, whose Liberal-National coalition government has hit record low approval ratings.
"The $7 Medicare co-payment measure announced in the 2014-15 Budget will no longer proceed," Abbott said in a press release. "The government has listened to the views of the community."
Instead the government will cut the rebate it pays to doctors, he said, encouraging them to charge adults a A$5 fee at their discretion while children, the elderly and those on state allowances would be exempt.
The government said that the changes would save A$3.5 billion over four years - A$100 million less than originally proposed in the budget.
Abbott is nearing the end of his first full year in office hobbled by missteps and a souring economy.
Faced with a collapse in prices for commodities, produced by Australia, and an unruly upper house Senate that has held Abbott's first budget hostage since May, voters have abandoned his conservative government more quickly than any other in three decades.
Australia, by far the world's biggest exporter of iron ore and coal, has been battered by a worldwide fall in commodity prices. Iron prices have plunged 44 per cent so far this year to under $76 a tonne.
Abbott warned about ballooning deficits when he released a budget packed with deregulation moves, new levies and spending cuts, but the public has never accepted his plan.
Last week Education Minister Christopher Pyne shelved for the year the government's plan to deregulate university fees after failing to garner enough votes to push it through parliament.
On Sunday Abbott succumbed to pressure and radically pared back his signature landmark paid parental leave scheme , which had upset big business and many in his own party.
Despite significant accomplishments this year - concluding free trade deals with Japan, South Korea and China, and hosting the G20 leaders summit - the Labor Party opposition has surged ahead of the government by a margin of 55 per cent to 45 per cent in the latest Newspoll released on Nov. 18.
The move was sharply criticised by Labor and the opposition Greens Party, both of whom accused Abbott of resorting to the use of regulatory changes to the healthcare system because he was too weak politically to bring about changes through legislation.
"He's only interested in protecting himself, that's what has motivated today," Labor Party leader Bill Shorten told reporters. "It's still a broken promise."
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

ICICI tap achieves tightest spread among Indian banksICICI Bank raises $200 million overseas
Beena Parmar
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 9:  
The country’s largest private sector lender ICICI Bank on Monday said it will upsize the issuance of dollar-denominated senior unsecured notes by $200 million (about Rs 1,200 crore) for five-and-half-year maturity.
The upsized tap offering has the same terms and conditions as the existing notes, which will be consolidated with the bank's existing $500 million 3.50 per cent notes due 2020, 176 basis points over and above the US 5-year bond.
Moody's Investors Service has maintained its Baa2 rating on the dollar-denominated senior unsecured notes. Standard and Poor’s also maintained its 'BBB-' long-term issue rating for the Dubai Branch's notes, following the announcement of a tap bond offering on its existing $500 million notes issued in September 2014.
An ICICI Bank spokesperson declined to comment.
“The bank received a coupon rate which was better than the previous 3.50 per cent,” a person in the know of the development said.
The ICICI Bank's reopening was indicated to be at 3.35 per cent, about 167 basis points over the 5-year US Bonds
The ‘BAA2’ senior unsecured debt rating is anchored on ICICI Bank's ‘BAA3’ baseline credit assessment (BCA) and the high likelihood of systemic support in the event of a crisis. The ‘BAA2’ rating is at the same level as the foreign currency debt ceiling for India.
Moody’s said, “ICICI Bank's BCA is underpinned by the bank's solid franchise as India's largest private sector bank by assets, as well as its strong capitalisation, liquidity, and earnings profile.
It also takes into consideration, among others, the bank's high borrower concentration in the form of its mandatory Government securities portfolio; its improving but still weak asset quality when compared to its global peers; and the challenging domestic operating environment.
The notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured, and unsubordinated obligations of ICICI Bank. They shall at all times rank at par among themselves and with all other unsecured obligations of the bank. The rating on the notes is subject to our review of the final issuance documentation, S&P said.
Tight spread
Reuters adds: According to a banker, the $200 million raised by ICICI in an opportunistic tap of its $500-million 3.5% March 2020s at 165bp over Treasuries was the tightest spread for an Indian bank deal since 2007.
The issue broke the record of Axis Bank, which sold $500 million of 3.25% 2020 bonds last month priced at 170bp over Treasuries.
While investors have turned a tad cautious over the country's high-yield sector due to complicated structures and more restrictive RBI guidelines for foreign borrowings, the appetite for quality investment-grade names out of the country remains robust, investors say.
With a further boost from the strong November non-farm payroll growth in the US, the largest private-sector lender decided to do the opportunistic tap, which raised the total outstanding on the existing issue to $700 million.
The tap offered a negligible new-issue premium as its existing 2020s were indicated at 163bp over Treasuries prior to the reopening. The tap came with a lower all-in yield of 3.356%, versus a yield 3.57% on the existing notes.
The leads also referenced Axis Bank's 2020s, quoted at G-spread of 169bp. Yet, the ICICI tap priced through that on the back of strong demand from investors outside Asia.
Axis Bank's stressed asset ratio as of September 30 stood at 4 per cent, compared with 6 per cent for ICICI.
The distribution of the Reg S tap, with ICICI's Dubai branch as the issuer, defied the typical 70/30 split between investors from Asia and elsewhere for Asian deals. West Asian investors showed enormous appetite for ICICI, buying 39 per cent of the notes. European investors also bought an impressive 32 per cent, while Asia took the remainder.
"The distribution speaks volumes about how well-known ICICI is among global investors," said a banker on the deal. "That's why the tap went for a Reg S-only format versus the 144A/Reg S format for the initial issue."
Meanwhile, the country's private-sector banks were likely to lead the improvement on asset quality in the near future, said Nomura.
Against a narrowing fiscal deficit, declining inflation and rising GDP growth in India, "we expect the asset quality cycle to bottom out over the next two to three quarters, led by private sector banks and large public sector banks," analysts at Nomura wrote in a research note on December 5.
The analysts, however, expects the recovery to be gradual during 2015-2016 with Indian banking system's non-performing loans ratio and total stressed assets ratio to remain largely unchanged at around mid-4% and 10-11 per cent, respectively.
The ICICI reopening was indicated a tad wider at bid-167 over Treasuries.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Dubais bourse plunges 4.2% as oil hits new lowDubai’s bourse plunges 4.2% as oil hits new low
Reuters
Tweet
DUBAI, Dec 9:  
Dubai's bourse tumbled in early trade on Tuesday after the price of Brent crude oil hit a new five-year low of $65.33 per barrel, prompting fresh selling by panicky retail investors.
The main Dubai index dropped 4.2 per cent to 3,862 points, nearing major technical support at 3,731 points, its July low.
Emaar Properties, the emirate's largest listed firm, tumbled 6.9 per cent to 7.75 dirhams, falling below its June low of 7.95 dirhams, a major technical support.
"Crude and technicals" dominate investors' attention right now, said Sanyalak Manibhandu, manager of research at NBAD Securities in Abu Dhabi; Dubai is suffering because it is one of the most liquid markets in the region, he said.
"People wanted to take a bet in this region, they went to Dubai - now they're panicking."
Many analysts think that because Abu Dhabi, Saudi Arabia and other big Gulf oil exporters have huge fiscal reserves, they will continue spending heavily despite oil's drop, so the regional economy will stay strong - and Dubai will continue prospering.
But oil's slide has been so sudden that retail investors are rushing to take profits on Dubai's big gains of the past 18 months.
The sell-off is again making stocks attractive from a valuation perspective, but investors are only likely to start accumulating early next year, Manibhandu said.
Other Gulf markets also fell on Tuesday morning, but not so sharply. Abu Dhabi was down 0.5 per cent, Kuwait lost 0.6 per cent and Oman's index slipped 0.2 per cent.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

PM Narendra Modi wishes Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on birthdayHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today greeted Congress President Sonia Gandi on her birthday, wishing her a long and healthy life.
“Best wishes to Congress President Smt. Sonia Gandhi on her birthday. May Almighty bless her with a long and healthy life,” Modi tweeted.
Sonia, who turned 68 today, has decided not to celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks in Jammu and Kashmir and Chhattisgarh respectively.
“In solidarity with the martyred Army and police personnel there, Gandhi has asked Congresspersons not to celebrate her birthday,” the party had said in a statement here yesterday.
This is the first birthday of Gandhi after the last Lok Sabha elections, which saw a virtual rout of Congress nationwide at the hands of BJP.
Eleven security force personnel were killed in a predawn attack by militants on an Army camp in Uri area of Baramulla district in Jammu and Kashmir on December 5.
All the six militants involved in the attack were also killed. Maoists had unleashed a major attack, killing 14 CRPF personnel and injuring 12 others in Naxal-hit Sukma district of Chhattisgarh on December 1.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Sonia Gandhi
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Uber cab driver was trying to flee to NepalHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
The Uber cab driver, who had allegedly raped a 27-year-old woman here on Friday night in his taxi, was planning to flee to Nepal before police arrested him in the nick of time from Mathura in Uttar Pradesh.
The accused, identified as Shiv Kumar Yadav, had married his own widowed sister-in-law and had told her and his stepson to be ready with the baggage.
“He had purchased a new mobile phone and SIM card in Mathura and was in touch with them through that. He had told them that he had had an altercation with someone and they were trying to implicate him in a false case so they should leave their rented accommodation in Chandrapuri locality of Mathura. He was collecting money to either flee to Nepal or Gorakhpur,” said a senior police official.
Yadav was using three mobile phones and police will take him to Meerut to recover the smartphone which had the Uber App used in the crime.
During his three days in police custody, investigators will try and determine whether he victimized his other feamle customers as well.
“He has been driving taxi in the national capital for the last several years. He was with Uber during the last six months. We would thoroughly check whether he was involved in any other crime,” he said.
Senior police officials also said that they are now going to run a check with all the radio taxi services in the national capital whether they follow proper guidelines in plying of their taxi services like a mandatory GPS tracker and drivers who have been verified by the police.
Delhi Police will also recreate the entire sequence of events that took place on Friday night and also take Yadav on the route he had taken to drop the victim.
The victim had boarded the cab around 10:58 PM from Vasant Vihar area. The car moved towards R K Puram Block-I and then drove towards Motibagh before taking a left and going toward Delhi Cantonment area. He took the road towards Naraina Village moving towards Mayapuri, then to Rajouri Garden, Moti Nagar, Punjabi Bagh, Tri Nagar and Daya Basti, police said.
“He had parked his cab at a garbage dump near Najafgarh drain where he raped the victim,” Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma said.
The victim made a PCR call at 1:16 AM and the PCR personnel informed the nearest police post at 1:24 AM. At 1:31 police personnel reached the victim’s house. The girl was taken for a medical examination and counseled by an NGO. All this was over by 2:20 AM.
Soon after the incident, the driver exited the Uber APP and drove straight to Mathura where he abandoned the car.
Police brought the car to Delhi and a CFSL team has been roped in to conduct the examination of the car to lift circumstantial and forensic evidence.
Sources said the accused driver, during his interrogation, also confessed to the crime.
Police have found that he has two driving licences, the commercial one was issued in Delhi while the other one in UP. He, however, did not have a PSV badge. He was living in Deoli area of Southeast Delhi since 2011.
“He had been living with his nephew. He had a friend named Vimal living in the same area whose house he frequently visited,” said a police official.
TAGS: Uber Cab
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Technofab Engineering surges on winning Rs 262 crore new ordersTechnofab Engineering surges on winning Rs 262 crore new orders
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 11:53 AM IST
Shares in Technofab Engineering has surged 8% to Rs 149 on National Stock Exchange (NSE) after the company said it has received a letter of awards  for Rs 54 crore for a waste water rehabilitation project in Kenya and for Rs 208 crore for a rural electrification project in Bihar.
With this the total order book has crossed Rs 1,500 crore, Technofab Engineering said in a statement.
The stock opened at Rs 140 and hit a high of Rs 150 on NSE. A combined 28,585 shares changed hands on the counter till 1149 hours on NSE and BSE.
 

Silver rises 0.5% in futures trade on global cuesSilver rises 0.5% in futures trade on global cues
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 11:50 AM IST
Silver futures traded 0.54% higher at Rs 37,392 per kg today as participants created fresh speculative positions positions, tracking overnight gains in global markets.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, silver for delivery in far-month May month contracts was up by Rs 202, or 0.54%, to Rs 37,392 per kg in business volume of 3 lots.
Also, the white metal for delivery in March traded higher by Rs 276, or 0.48%, to Rs 36,771 per kg in 516 lots.
Analysts said fresh positions created by speculators in tune with overnight gains in bullion in global markets as signs that money supplies will increase in Europe and Asia revived investor demand, influenced silver prices in futures trade.
Meanwhile, silver increased 0.55% to $16.38 an ounce in New York in yesterday's trade.

Banks trim deposit rates  look at passing on benefit to loansBy: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi |
Posted: December 6, 2014 2:43 am | Updated: December 6, 2014 2:55 am
With large public and private sector banks cutting term deposit rates in quick succession, banks are likely to cut loan rates early next year.
The country’s largest lender State Bank of India (SBI) on Friday cut its deposit rates for maturities of over one year by 0.25 per cent.
SBI is the third bank after private sector lenders ICICI Bank, the country’s second-largest bank, and HDFC Bank to reduce deposit rates during the week. In fact, this is the fourth time SBI has trimmed deposit rates in the last five months.
SBI chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya had recently said that loan rates would start trending downwards through a compression of spreads but had added that deposit rates also needed to come down.
“We led the deposit rate cut a while back and a few bigger banks cut their rates about three weeks back and so, some of the bigger banks are now beginning to cut on their deposit rates. As and when that gets entrenched and the deposit rates trend downwards you can also see some kind of result in cuts in the base rates,” Bhattacharya had said.
In a regulatory filing on Friday, SBI said it has lowered deposit rates by 25 basis points (bps) to 8.5 per cent for deposits maturing between one and three years. The bank has also revised its term deposit rates for maturities of three to five years, and five years and above to 8.5 per cent and 8.25 per cent, respectively. These rates would also be applicable, SBI said, for NRE deposits of one year and above.
Private sector lender Axis Bank has also cut rates by up to 75 bps on term deposits below one year and by 15-25 bps in select maturities above one year, effective December 8.
A few days ago ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank trimmed their fixed deposit rates below Rs 1 crore by 25 bps and 25-50 bps, respectively, in select maturities.
Deposit rates have come off beginning July when SBI cut its term deposit rates by 25-50 bps in certain categories. Flush with funds and finding a mismatch in credit demand, banks have been cutting deposit rates for the last five months. Analysts said that with lower cost of funds, a result of lower interest paid on deposits, banks are likely to pass on the benefit to customers with a cut in base rates.
HDFC Bank to cut loan rate by March: Puri
Having cut its deposit offering by up to 0.50 per cent, the country’s second-largest private sector lender HDFC Bank will be cutting its lending rate by March, its managing director said on Friday. “Now I’ve reduced my fixed deposit rates, and you will see continued…

Open market beckons for private equityexitsMaintain buy on TCS despite cross-currency headwind
Even before the year has ended, private equity exits via open market sales in 2014 have hit a seven-year high, as PE investors continue to make the most of robust equity markets to offload stake in their listed investments.
The year so far has seen open market exits valued at $2.68 billion via 105 deals, with the past three months alone witnessing open market exits worth nearly $1 billion. The aggregate PE exit value through open market route has now overtaken the figure of $2.51 billion clocked in the year 2012.
Sanjeev Krishan, leader, private equity, at PwC India, says public markets have not looked back from the beginning of the year, and together with heightened strategic investor interest, they have provided composite exit opportunities to PE funds.
With equity markets rallying nearly 35% since the start of the year — Sensex touched an all-time high of 28,693.99 on November 28 —PE investors like Bain Capital, Goldman Sachs and Providence Equity Partners have been involved in large exit deals of over $200 million each. Bain Capital offloaded Hero Motocorp shares worth $650 million in two tranches (June and November) this year to bring down its stake from 8.6%, as at the end of last year to 1.5% now, garnering returns twice of its orginal investment made three and half years ago. Providence Equity Partners, which sold 2.4% stake in Idea Cellular for $234 million in September, also would have made returns over thrice of its eight-year-old investment.
The PE exits through open market sales now constitute over three-fourths to the total PE exit value of $3.57 billion in 2014 till date, while strategic sales ($0.47 billion) stand as the next best preferred route for exits.
However, not all the exits have yielded good returns for the investors. Last week, Blackstone Capital Partners partly sold 4.5% stake in Gokaldas Exports at one-fourth of its acquisition cost, after having sold 5.6% stake in June 2014 with a 66% loss. Similarly, Standard Chartered sold nearly 10.65 million shares in Man Infraconstruction for R23.56 apiece, as compared to its average pre-IPO acquisition price of R210 apiece five years ago.
Loooking forward, PE investors are optimistic about the likely improvement in India’s economic climate, which, in turn, is likely to lead to higher exits.
“As business sentiment improves, the stock market has also seen sharp gain. This would be beneficial in creating conditions for exits in the coming years. PE investors are of the view that the immediate and near future is likely to see an increase in exit transactions returning average holding periods to three-five years instead of the current five-seven years,” wrote Kalpana Jain, senior director at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India, in a recent report.
TAGS: Private Equity
More from indianmarkets

Sahara group to sell Mumbai  Jodhpur land parcels for Rs 1 251 crDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
After selling land in Gurgaon for Rs 1,211 crore recently, Sahara group is believed to have finalised two more land parcels deals – one in Mumbai and another in Jodhpur – for over Rs 1,250 crore.
Besides, talks are in final stages for sale of another land parcel by Sahara group in Pune, sources said.
Similar to the Gurgaon land deal, which is probably the biggest so far this year in the national capital region, all the three land parcels may be sold to the local real estate developers in the respective cities.
The land sales are part of the group’s efforts to raise funds to secure release of its chief Subrata Roy from Tihar Jail, where he is lodged since March 4 in a case related to alleged non-refund of money collected from investors for certain bonds even as the group claims to have repaid over 93 per cent of the outstanding amount directly to investors.
The group has also maintained that the amount already deposited with the regulator Sebi exceeds the pending dues.
In Gurgaon, Sahara has sold 185 acres of land to M3M India Ltd, which plans to use for ‘mixed-use development’ and would pay the group the entire money in six instalments.
The deal was announced last Thursday within days of the Supreme Court permitting the Sahara Group to proceed with the sale of four domestic properties, which is likely to fetch Rs 2,710 crore, in its bid to raise Rs 10,000 crore for Roy’s release.
These four properties include land in Chauma (Gurgaon), Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai (in Mumbai).
Sources said that the Vasai land is being sold for Rs 1,111 crore, while that in Jodhpur for another Rs 140 crore.
Out of a list of nine domestic properties submitted earlier to the court, Sahara has already sold its Ahmedabad property for Rs 411.8 crore, which has gone into Sebi account.
Roy, who was sent to jail on March 4 this year in a case involving alleged non-refund of over Rs 20,000 crore with interest to depositors, was asked by the court to pay Rs 10,000 crore to get bail, of which Rs 5,000 crore should be paid in cash and rest of the amount in bank guarantee.
The group had earlier deposited Rs 3,117 crore with Sebi, followed by another amount of Rs 411.82 crore raised through sale of an Ahmedabad property.
TAGS: Sahara Group Subrata Roy
More from companies

Govt lines up heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this weekPosted: December 7, 2014 3:21 pm
 
Unfazed by the stalemate over the Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti issue, government has lined up a heavy legislative agenda in Parliament this week including a bill seeking to replace coal blocks allocation ordinance.
The ordinance was brought in the wake of the Supreme Court decision cancelling 214 coal blocks in September which had unveiled the NDA government’s ambitious coal sector reforms.
Government had promulgated Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014 in October to facilitate auctioning of the cancelled coal blocks.
Incidentally, the coal ordinance has been opposed by the central trade unions, including RSS-affiliated trade union Bhartiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS).
BMS as also AITUC, CITU, HMS and INTUC have jointly opposed the government’s proposal to allow private players to mine coal and sell it in the open market, a right till now reserved with the state-owned Coal India Limited (CIL).
The ordinance has also come under attack from the Left parties.
The bill seeking to replace Textile Undertakings (Nationalisation) Laws (Amendment and Validation) Ordinance, 2014 is also on the agenda.
The ordinance was brought to shield the National Textile Corporation from rent control laws that have been used to evict its sick textile units from prime land in several cities.
Anti-hijacking Bill and Supplementary Demands for Grants and related appropriation bills are also on priority agenda so also Payments and Settlements Systems (Amendment) Bill, 2014 and Appropriation Acts (Repeal) Bill, 2014.
In the Rajya Sabha, several bills were scheduled to be taken up during the second week but could not be done so due to disruptions.
They include: The Textiles Undertakings (Nationalisation) Laws (Amendment and Validation) Bill, 2014 to replace an Ordinance, The Constitution Scheduled Castes Orders (Amendment) Bill, 2014, The Central Universities Bill, 2014 and The School of Planning and Architecture Bill, 2014 that have already been passed by the Lok Sabha this session.
During the second week of winter session last week, Lok Sabha passed four bills besides taking up another which remained inconclusive. In all, Lok Sabha passed nine bills during the first two weeks while Rajya Sabha could clear six.
The Upper House could not take up for discussion issues like prevailing agrarian crisis and the statement of the government on WTO talks besides calling attention motion on the naming of Shamshabad Airport due to disruptions.

Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big pushWritten by Shaji Vikraman , George Mathew | Mumbai |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:14 am
The Securities and Exchange Board of India is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than the six-month average price of the stock in listed companies whose projects especially in the infrastructure sector are being restructured.
This is part of a wider effort by policy makers led by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to get these projects back on track.
Following talks between Sebi and RBI, a proposal is underway seeking to provide a special dispensation only for banks to convert part of their loan exposure to troubled or stalled infrastructure projects at a price lower than the market.
This may be allowed only if the restructuring has the explicit or implicit approval of the central bank, senior officials said. The RBI had approached the capital market regulator to seek a new pricing formula as it reckons that some of the projects are valuable resources.
As current rules allow conversion of loans into equity only at a price higher than the prevailing market price given the Sebi norm of  a six-month average, banks have lost money in a few cases, notably Kingfisher Airlines. This has prompted a review of rules now.
Banks can now own only upto 10 per cent of the equity in a restructured project.
The capital market regulator is broadly in agreement with this provided the projects are those which form part of a scheme for stalled infrastructure projects or is vetted by the central bank, senior officials said. The difference between the lower price for such conversion and the market price will provide some flexibility to banks which have been hit by rising bad loans.
“We don’t want the price to be too low… then the value gets transferred from minority shareholders. We don’t want the value to be too high, then the value gets transferred from the banks, “RBI Governor, Raghuram Rajan had said last week after the monetary policy review. Bankers have been complaining that the six-month average price was a major road-block in the restructuring process.
Figures compiled by the finance ministry show that 371 projects with a investment Rs 18,47,266 crore are pending for resolution with the Project Monitoring Group (PMG) of the government.
This has also led to a fall in new project investments in the country. State-owned banks which funded these projects predominantly are already saddled with Rs 2,43,043 crore of bad loans — which is 5.32 per cent of their advances.
In an inter-action with a select group of print media journalists last week, Rajan said that many of these projects are in deep trouble and will need new infusion of funds. “ Unless the capital structure is continued…

India needs its own version  not replica  of Silicon Valley say IT leadersBy: ENS Economic Bureau | Bangalore |
Posted: December 8, 2014 1:19 am | Updated: December 8, 2014 9:29 am
India’s growing start-up ecosystem needs to build its own version of Silicon Valley instead of aspiring to be a replica, and it also needn’t wait for a Google, Facebook or an IBM to start making acquisitions here, according to the panelists at the second edition of the Express IT Awards in Bangalore on Friday. Rather, the trend would see homegrown Internet-based companies buying local start-ups, like in China.
S Ramadorai receiving the Lifetime achievement award at the Express IT Awards in Bengaluru on Dec 5th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Insights into the country’s innovation pipeline came thick and fast at the awards where a high-powered panel — comprising Gopichand Katragadda, group chief technology officer, Tata Sons; Rajan Anandan, managing director, Google India; Dilipkumar Khandelwal, managing director, SAP Labs India, Dinesh Malkani, president, Cisco India and SAARC, and Ravi Gururaj, serial entrepreneur and the chairman of Nasscom’s Product Council — met for a discussion on the topic “Innovation through Incubation”.
It also set the tone for an evening which saw 19 awards being given away to the most innovative and scalable IT solutions. The evening also saw S Ramadorai, former vice-chairman, TCS, winning the Lifetime Achievement award for his contribution to the IT industry, while Francisco D’Souza, CEO of Cognizant, took home the Newsmaker of the Year award.
Panelists on the Leadership & Innovation talks during the Express IT Awards in Bengaluru on Dec 5th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
To ramp up rapidly, India’s start-up ecosystem needs to have a couple of hundred very successful product start-ups, said Anandan at the panel discussion. “What is important for innovation from an India standpoint is to focus on the founders. Let’s focus on the start-ups and let’s make them buy,” suggested Anandan, pointing to how China last year saw around 51 start-ups getting acquired in just a span of four months. “So, we shouldn’t wait for Google and Facebook and Twitter and IBM to buy companies.”
But how do large companies incubate ideas, especially those that are disruptive? Katragadda said the critical thing was to realise that ‘unless you are disrupting yourself, somebody else will disrupt you’.
“If you look at the needs of India today, in the energy sector we need 250 gigawatts. How many start-ups are working on that? Hardly any. We need continued…

SpiceJet set to fly into even more turbulenceDefence helps build Tatas’ war chest
Even as the top management of loss-making carrier SpiceJet spent all of Monday in a meeting trying to find a way to stay afloat, the airline could be in more trouble. Given how the carrier has been late on payments to suppliers, Airports Authority of India may put the Kalanithi Maran-led carrier on cash-and-carry mode later this week unless it furnishes bank guarantees of around R200 crore, sources said. That means SpiceJet will not receive any credit facilities and must clear all airport charges every time a flight takes off.
Last week, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) had asked the airline to stop taking bookings beyond a month due to its precarious financial position. The aviation regulator could also pull up the airline for continuing to issue tickets beyond 30 days, a top civil aviation ministry official said.
Official sources have said that SpiceJet owes suppliers, including AAI, R1,600 crore, though the airline in a statement issued on Sunday claimed that the figure was “significantly less”. Additionally, it is behind on salary payments largely for top employees who account for 15% of the total workforce. DGCA is understood to have withdrawn 186 slots from the airline while the airline has cancelled 70 flights per day from a peak of about 345.
SpiceJet posted a record loss of R1,003 crore in 2013-14 and has run up accumulated losses of R2,958 crore, apart from having a negative net worth of R1,459 crore. “SpiceJet officials had sought to defer airport charges by six to seven weeks but given the current position that may not be possible. Also, the airline is still accepting bookings beyond 30 days so they may get a show-cause notice,” the official said. The airline needs to beef up its equity capital and must submit to the DGCA a plan to pay suppliers.
In a statement issued last Friday on the bookings, the airline said, “SpiceJet believes this restriction will be counterproductive, and will be discussing the pros and cons of this cooperatively with the DGCA.”
Promoters Sun Group are unlikely to put in more capital — Maran and affiliated parties paid Rs 940 crore for a 37% stake in the airline in 2010, and have further put in about Rs 600 crore through several rounds of infusion, taking Maran’s stake to 53.48% today. Since early this year SpiceJet has been saying that a strategic overseas investment is imminent, but it has not been able to finalise an investor till date.
After falling almost 13% during intra-day trade, the SpiceJet scrip ended Monday 4.39% down at Rs 15.25 on the BSE. The accumulated losses and negative net worth of the airline, which started life back in 1993 as ModiLuft, has led its auditors, SR Batliboi & Associates, to highlight that there is “material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern”.
Incidentally, on several operational parameters including market share, passenger load factor and yields, the airline has been improving for the last three quarters since the January-March quarter this year. For this it has reduced fleet size from 37 to 22 Boeing 737s by returning old aircraft with higher maintenance cost to lessors. SpiceJet, which had a market share of 17.3% in October (down from a peak of 20.9% in July), saw its net loss drop 44.5% year-on-year to Rs 310.45 crore in the July-September quarter, while revenues went up 15% to Rs 1,450 crore.
TAGS: SpiceJet
More from companies

Woman walks her dog while dressed as the abominable snowman  makes winter less awfulBy Elahe Izadi December 8 Follow @ElaheIzadi
I was not aware that this was an option.
A Wisconsin woman has taken to walking her dog, Blizzard, while dressed up as Bumble (known more formally as the Abominable Snow Monster of the North from the classic “Rudolph, The Red-Nosed Reindeer” claymation movie). Why? “To bring joy, happiness,” she told Fox affiliate WLUK .
Just look at this lady:
Post by ABC 7 Chicago .
We at Post Nation generally like to refrain from providing specific recommendations on how people should live their lives (I’ve done this once, and it involved wearing too much cologne while committing a crime). But here’s one more: Walk your dog while dressed as an abominable snowman. This is a good life tip.
Why? It’s a fact* that winter is the absolute worst season. Most weather-related deaths come from cold, not hot, conditions, per the  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . As the days run shorter, we become deprived of the sun’s much-needed vitamin D.   Seasonal affective disorder  is also “winter depression.” Have you heard of “summer depression?” No, you haven’t.  Some of us have to buy sun lamps because the days run shorter, and it’s too cold to expose our skin outside. The sun existed before electricity and lamps and people, and yet here we are spending money we’ve earned on lamps to mimic the sun, the freest entity in the universe. Because it’s winter.
Additionally, pumpkin-spiced lattes and anything-spiced lattes are not worthwhile reasons to suffer through the misery of cold weather; we could very easily demand those items when it’s warm. Oh, and you can get those lattes in Miami. Where it’s warm. Always.
So, what to do when it’s winter and you have to take your dog outside for a walk? Do what this Wisconsin woman does. Dressing up as the abominable snowman doesn’t just lift the spirits of those trying to make it through another winter — it’s also an extremely clever way to outsmart the elements. We can’t all be Lenny Kravatiz and walk around  wearing blankets as scarves (although I may try). Also, extra props to Blizzard the dog for not being frightened by this costume.
Indeed, even in Wisconsin, dressing up as Bumble appears to be just as effective as a hyper-thermal-lined, fancy $400 coat. When asked if she had any complaints about the weather, Bumble responded: “Too warm.”
I rest my case.
*Fact, according to the inclinations of this reporter.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

US Stocks Fall as Energy Sector Drops SharplyIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Cos hike packages for IIT recruits | FB offers Rs 2 cr | Here s why you may get rejectedYou are here: Home > Collections
Companies hike pay packages for IIT recruits
Sreeradha D Basu & Devina Sengupta, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 10.18AM IST
Tags:
FICO
(Placements at the IITs have…)
Placements at the IITs have entered the second week, in a season that has seen a big surge in recruiter interest and number of offers. While colleges expect average salaries to go up by 10 per cent-15 per cent this season, at the upper end of the spectrum, companies like US network security company FireEye and California-based business analytic software company FICO have upped their packages by 64 per cent to 117 per cent since the last placements. Sreeradha D Basu and Devina Sengupta take a look at eight companies that have hiked their packages by over 20 per cent from last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India the brightest spot in Asia Pacific reg...Asia Pacific
(India has emerged as the…)
WASHINGTON: India has emerged as the brightest spot in the Asia Pacific region as reform has picked up pace in the country in recent months, a top credit rating agency has said.
"India has been the region's brightest spot since our last report. After a modest beginning, Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi's government has picked up the pace of reform, eliminating the diesel subsidy in early November, liberalising foreign investment into the insurance sector, and curbing discretionary government spending for the second half of the current fiscal year," the Standard & Poor's Ratings Services said.
Confidence has improved and growth momentum is now at around seven per cent, S&P said in its latest quarterly updates on credit conditions in North America, the Asia-Pacific region, Latin America and Europe.
In the Asia Pacific region, Australia's GDP growth continues to trend at around three per cent, buoyed by reasonably solid consumption and still-strong real exports, despite falling iron ore prices, it said.
Banks and bond investors appear incrementally cautious and selective with their investments throughout the region.
"Our issuer ratings outlook eased slightly to a net negative bias of 11 per cent at the end of October, in line with receding concerns about India. However, the ratio remains high compared to other regions. Cyclical industries such as transportation, building materials, chemicals, real estate development, and capital goods have above-average negative biases," the agency said said.
Some Asia-Pacific economies, it said, are ending 2014 on a relatively lower note than expected, as China's growth momentum slows under a weaker property market, Japan slips into recession, and external demand has yet to meaningfully improve.
Financial sector turbulence arising from China's property sector could have effects beyond China.
While a stronger US recovery is export-positive, the concurrent higher hike in the Fed Funds rate could cause stress if not managed, it said.
"Against this backdrop, we see the credit cycle continuing to adjust to slower economic prospects, as well as high household and corporate debt in several countries weighing on some sectors' credit outlooks," it said.
The US economic recovery is strengthening, and Standard & Poor's expects this trend to continue in the fourth quarter and through 2015, boosted by growing momentum in the labor and housing markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1ue8C1BChung: More records, dips for stocks in '15
Adam Shell, USA TODAY 9:12 p.m. EST December 11, 2014
Video Keywords Amgen superior growth food delivery special reasonable Biotech consumer companies favorite stocks online Home traditional method home delivery growth companies iPad Google America's
Alger CEO and Chief Investment Officer Dan Chung talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about stock picks for 2015 and the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ, at USA TODAY's 2014 Investment Roundtable. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  I'm Adam shell of the USA today and I'm here
00:05  at Dan Chung the CEO and chief investment officer Alger. Ever
00:10  heading into the new year and it its stock X yes
00:14  of one of our favorite stocks is grub symbol DR UP.
00:18  It is a Internet online. Home food delivery. Company so through
00:25  its web site grub hub and also seem less than a
00:27  few other. You can. Stephen menus of restaurants that delivering your
00:32  neighborhood. And order online for home delivery of if favorite take
00:39  out food. On this is a large market. On and grub
00:44  hub is the leader and it. And we think it offers
00:47  terrific upside. This this. Online. Take out delivery is still a
00:54  very its tent roughly 10%. Of consumers use this as the
00:59  opposed to basically the traditional method of the paper. Menu stuff
01:05  done to your door and then pick up the telephone and
01:08  call and talk to someone on line. On there's a badges
01:11  on both sides of this equation for consumers. It really is
01:14  easier to see the menu. You know on your iPad or
01:17  on your computer and just collect and order. Then it is
01:20  to pick up the phone wait talked to someone you know
01:23  make sure that they orders correct and obvious for the restaurant
01:26  and it's even more convenient. And in restaurants want to fill
01:29  it wanna cup food fill orders and deliver them. Up picking
01:33  up the phone to take orders and actions that they're accurate
01:36  in your address getting to payment information. Not this is always
01:40  the time for the restaurant. It's a very high incremental margin
01:43  for the money every extra food order that they can deliberate
01:45  how fast and efficiently process that so grub hub and seamless
01:48  and there the collection of the company's web sites. Are. Transforming
01:53  this business that we think will grow rapidly as more more
01:56  consumers discover the sites that use than those to order take
01:58  out home food delivery. On so the company is in our
02:02  mind age forty to 50% top line or for several years
02:06  out with earnings growth in excess of that as it begins
02:09  to. I gain scale. Against the cost base of creating its
02:13  services and so if the very attractive stuff multiyear basis and
02:17  X example of what the Internet economies being did you even
02:20  in some of the oldest. Businesses. In our in world it's
02:25  very much like that Hoover. Take out. A big story potential
02:30  story next year maybe the NASDAQ. You know hitting. Its first
02:34  new high since 2000 it's been fifteen years. I'm number one
02:38  you think the NASDAQ has a shot at making a new
02:40  high that the guys. Well is that a positive message a
02:44  sign of healing in the market we think it's a sign
02:46  of another market top potentially. Right so I think it will
02:50  definitely test that you line and ultimately go through and make
02:54  new laws. And I think the fifteen year mark is an
02:57  interesting comment on history. Because when the NASDAQ first at those
03:00  levels at the end of the ninety's in the midst of
03:02  the Internet boom right the creation of Internet. On. Too much
03:07  excitement about how soon and how. How fast we would get
03:12  you know these companies to grow how awful it would be
03:16  on in the course that the crash. But. It's very symbolically
03:21  important and I think they were wrapped that level I think
03:23  we will reach it and exceeded because. It's taken fifteen years
03:26  but the Internet has fulfilled its promises. Investors who bought in
03:30  at the top there fortunately. Too early too fast paying too
03:33  much but fifteen years they'd let it become all the granite
03:36  and agree. The Internet has finally fulfilled a lot of promises
03:39  of the ninety's but acts surprised us and continues to surprise
03:42  us and what can do and actually the stock adjustment to
03:45  rub up and Hoover examples of how mean and it does
03:47  surprise me revolutionizing even traditional. Or businesses that one thing but
03:51  not on the Internet businesses respect. So I think. That fifteen
03:55  years as an important history the other part about it is
03:58  the constituents of the NASDAQ today. And their multiples and valuations
04:01  are far different companies they're better manage. And there and and
04:05  they're managed for shareholder value on an apple at the top
04:08  of the stack there but it's also Google it's also Biotech
04:11  companies like Amgen in Iliad. On most of these are valuations
04:15  are much much lower very reasonable relative to what they were
04:18  and a special reasonable to the superior growth that they offer
04:21  so for example the NASDAQ. Today is sitting at about 191819.
04:24  Times next year's quarter earnings. But it them a far different
04:28  cry from what it was at the you know at the
04:30  top back and that in in an age when really go
04:33  the earnings are almost not meaningful. And and more than. It
04:37  just you know not meaningful so I think today we're looking
04:40  at actually a very interesting growth the index one composed of
04:44  about 44% technology. 19% health care about 1516% consumer names in
04:50  if if individuals to look. You on the top holding apple
04:54  but also down with I think they would say this is
04:55  the collection as the America's best growth companies. Some of their
04:59  global leaders we have leaders in American bode technology. And in
05:02  health care and in many consumer companies. And they are actually
05:06  quite attractive guy I'm quite confident that we're gonna test and
05:09  ultimately we are going to exceed. The old eyes and I
05:12  think I would definitely agree catapults him and thank you very
05:15  much stand.
The annual USA TODAY Investment Roundtable contributor Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer at Alger Funds, in New York on Dec. 5, 2014.
(Photo: Todd Plitt, USA TODAY)
19 CONNECT 46 TWEET 59 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Investors will likely see more record highs in the U.S. stock market next year, but they should also brace themselves for more downdrafts similar to the mid-October swoon that knocked the broad market down nearly 10% and put a scare into investors, says Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer at Alger, speaking at USA TODAY's 19th annual "Investment Roundtable."
Chung, one of four top Wall Street fund managers and investment strategists that sat down with USA TODAY on Dec. 5 to draw a road map of where financial markets are headed in 2015, struck a bullish tone.
(Tuesday, USA TODAY rolls out the second installment of its "Investment Roundtable" coverage with insights on the outlook for the bond market in 2015 from Rick Rieder, chief investment officer of fundamental fixed income at BlackRock.)
The Nasdaq composite, Chung says, will finally make a new all-time high next year, 15 years after the dot-com stock bubble burst in March 2000. The Nasdaq entered today's trading session up nearly 15% for the year and 5.3% below its March 10, 2000, record close of 5048.62 The growth-focused stock picker also won't rule out Dow 20,000, which would be a 11% rise from the current level of roughly 17,940 for the blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.
5 things for investors to brace for in 2015
* What's the call?
"I am very confident that the Nasdaq will reach new highs," Chung declared, adding that posting a new record after all those years of trying to recoup its steep losses suffered in the 2000 plunge and the more recent financial crisis will send a "very positive, powerful" message to Wall Street.
The Nasdaq in 2015 is a very different animal than the Internet- and tech-stock crazed index it was back in 2000. In retrospect, he says, it's clear that in the initial phase of the Internet revolution, stocks rose "too fast, too early."
"What the last 15 years says is that the ideas that drove the market to its highs in the first phase were not incorrect, it was simply timing."
While virtually every stock in the Nasdaq's heyday in 2000 were wildly overvalued, that's not the case today. Today's Nasdaq companies – including a "new generation" of leaders, such as Google and Facebook and biotech firms with "real products that are curing people" – are growing their businesses and earnings at a much faster clip. They are also much-better managed.
"The valuations today are much lower, with the Nasdaq's price-to-earnings ratio based on next year's earnings estimates in the high-teens," Chung says. In contrast, "the valuations back in 2000 were really "NM," or not meaningful. You had to do some magic, because a lot of the companies that drove the index did not have meaningful earnings at all."
In fact, "there are many parts of the Nasdaq, including Apple, its biggest component, which are not at all expensively valued and I think are undervalued," Chung says.
Another plus: The index isn't just filled with tech stocks these days. It's getting bigger contributions from the health care, biotech and consumer sectors.
Video Keywords S&P 500 market stability initial phase Biotech Google FaceBook
Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer of Alger, talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ during USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  Number one do you think the NASDAQ after fifteen years
00:07  we'll finally get back. To its old record high back in
00:10  the behaving at 2000. You know in this so what's driving
00:14  that and more importantly. What message will that new high beat
00:17  the market went it will will be the NASDAQ I'd be
00:20  viewed as. And the good side of the market stability healing
00:25  or will it be viewed. As yet you know a potential
00:28  and another sign. Day another bubble. That is you know ready
00:33  to burst and what you're taking anything remarkable react to that.
00:37  So I think the market will vest and an aspect particular
00:39  definitely. Test build on and I think it will go and
00:44  beyond it. On. I think the message actually is a very
00:48  positive wanted. Kind of powerful if you think it long sweeps
00:51  the time which is that while clearly below heights it reached
00:55  in the bubble. The initial phase of the Internet particular. Were
01:01  too early too fast too early. Bomb. But I find it
01:05  interesting that fifteen years later I think. The value in the
01:10  NASDAQ is a little higher than the S&P 500 but the
01:13  growth is also substantially higher. Driven of course by tech but
01:15  also been healthcare consumer which together are really 88% announced back.
01:21  On you know I looked at the sub components that the
01:23  NASDAQ carefully over the last couple weeks and there are many
01:26  parts of it including what's the biggest holding unit which is
01:29  apple which are not at all expensively values I think are
01:33  undervalued so. Armed and very confident that aspect of reached new
01:36  highs and I think witness over the last fifteen years says
01:38  is that. The idea that drove. The market to its highs
01:44  in the in the first phase. We're not in correct it
01:47  was simply hiding. Over the last fifteen years though these are
01:51  better companies that built that this has carefully. On a better
01:54  manage to beat of course have a new generation Google wasn't
01:57  part of that. Neither was FaceBook. But also for example in
02:02  the Biotech Kerry and farming area a lot of the drugs
02:05  that were not exciting early developments. Are now actually real products.
* What will move the market?
Chung dubs the current bull market that began in March 2009 "one of the most hated bull markets in equities of all time."
The economy is healing and U.S. companies are strong, which should bode well for stocks despite the Federal Reserve's expected move to start raising short-term interest rates next year.
Chung thinks investors' "aversion" to stocks, which continues to show up in tepid inflows of cash to stock mutual funds, even though the stock market has tripled from its 2009 bottom, is bullish for the stock market next year.
Will Fed rate hikes slam stocks? Nope, BlackRock's Rick Rieder says http://t.co/rhauTvbrAk #marketoulook15 pic.twitter.com/SZY6dPh1vI
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) December 9, 2014
"Investors have been in effect selling all the way up in this market," says Chung, citing the massive net mutual fund outflows from U.S.  stock funds the past five years. "That is one of the formulas for why equities can continue to outperform."
*What's the biggest risk?
Remember the spring 2014 selloff, when momentum stocks and high-flying social media and biotech names suffered a meaningful correction, with many affected stocks and industry groups cratering more than 20%? Do you recall the scary fall dip when the broad Standard & Poor's 500 index suffered a 9.9% correction?
"I think we will see more of that," says Chung, adding that those dips will create opportunities for stock pickers.
He wouldn't rule out a 10% market correction. A downturn of that magnitude hasn't occurred since late 2011.
"Ten percent will be tested simply because investors will want to test it," Chung says.
What really worries Chung is what he calls "rising global nationalism," or a "rejection of globalization."
He cites political tensions in China, South Asia, Eastern Europe, Russia, Ukraine and the Middle East as "hot spots to be watched."
* Stock to watch.
One stock Chung likes is GrubHub (GRUB), the online food-ordering website. The stock closed Friday at $34.49.
19 CONNECT 46 TWEET 59 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CZIDoQ
USA TODAY INVESTMENT ROUNDTABLE 2015

CCI s nod with riders06:00 pm
The competition watchdog has cleared the USD 4 billion deal between  Sun Pharma and  Ranbaxy but with riders.
In its conditional nod to the merger, Competition Commission of India (CCI) has asked both companies to sell 7 brands, which could have had an appreciable adverse effect on competition in their relevant markets post the merger.
The Competition regulator has given a 6 month window for the divestment process, and only after the divestment is complete will the deal get the final nod.
The Chairman of the Competition Commission of India, Ashok Chawla in an exclusive interview to CNBC TV18 said: “CCI had studied 49 products from the merged portfolio and these 7 brands affect fair competition in the market and they must be divested for the deal to go through.”
The fair trade regulator's approval comes after CCI called for a public scrutiny of the merger. The merger was announced in April 2014 and would create India's largest and world's fifth biggest drug-maker.
It is a definite positive for both Sun and Ranbaxy to get the conditional nod and the riders are fairly simple because if we look at the combined brand size of 7 brands that have to be divested, it is less than Rs 50 crore.
Sun has to divest one product – ‘Tamsulosin plus Tolterodine' combination brand named Tamlet, which has a Rs 3 crore sales.
Whereas, Ranbaxy has to divest 6 brands from its portfolio. The biggest brand is Eligard, hormone drug Leuprorelin, clocking annual sales of Rs 30 crore for Ranbaxy. However, since Ranbaxy just has distribution rights for this brand, in an event Ranbaxy is unable to find a buyer for its sale; Sun Pharma will divest its corresponding product, brand name Lupride.
The other brands on Ranbaxy’s divestment list are Rosuvas, Olanex, Raciper, Triolvance, Terlibax. All the 5 brands together have sales of Rs 15 crore.
So, both the companies are unlikely to face any material impact considering 49 brands were under the scanner and a list of just seven brands have to be divested which is easy and in their favor.
Most of these brands would have had more than 60-80 percent market share post merger and possibly the reason why Competition Commission of India (CCI) said that they could have an adverse impact or the competitive nature of the market for these particular products and so chose them to be on the divestment list.
Sun and Ranbaxy in their statement have said that they would comply with what the CCI has asked them. The overall basket that is to be divested is less than one percent of the sales of Sun-Ranbaxy combined.
However, what we need to see going forward is what sort of valuations they can get for these products when the two companies hit the market.
According to market experts three to four times valuation for these products can be easily fetched considering Sun and Ranbaxy both have a good market value in the pharmaceutical space and command a premium. Industry experts feel the sale process should not be that cumbersome.
Therefore net-net it is a positive development for both the companies.
According to Sarabjit Kaur Nangra, VP - Research Pharma, Angel Broking too it is a welcome news. She said: "It is a pretty decent deal for both the companies in terms of synergies and benefits that a merger will give to both the companies."
RELATED NEWS

Chevron  ONGC Videsh get New Zealand oil  gas exploration licencesChevron, ONGC Videsh get New Zealand oil, gas exploration licences
Reuters | Wellington Dec 09, 2014 11:24 AM IST
New Zealand awarded 15 oil and gas exploration licences on Tuesday, with US giant Chevron and India's ONGC Videsh joining the hunt in the South Pacific country for the first time.
Chevron
is partnering with Norway's Statoil
to explore three prospects off the lightly explored south-east coast of the North Island.
Statoil is already in New Zealand and has been awarded a further offshore block in its own right at the top northwest coast of the North Island.
The Indian government controlled ONGC Videsh Ltd has made its first foray into New Zealand with one offshore exploration permit in the Taranaki Basin, in the same region as several commercially successful oil and gas fields.
"New players continue to enter our market, and existing players cement and expand their work here," Energy Minister Simon Bridges said in a statement.
The government has changed the rules for the tendering and awarding of exploration permits to encourage foreign companies to explore the southern oceans around the country.
The awarding of the permits, which are open for between 10 and 15 years, comes at a time when major oil companies such as BP
, Shell
, Exxon Mobil
, and Total
are cutting back on exploration, laying off staff and selling assets globally to cope with sliding oil prices.
The permit recipients have committed to various work programmes ranging from geological and seismic surveys through to drilling exploration wells.
Six of the permits awarded were for onshore blocks, including two on the west coast of the South Island, while nine were for offshore blocks. Of the total, seven permits were for exploration in the Taranaki region.
Other isolated finds have been made in the east of the North Island and the top of the South Island, but have not proved to be economic.
Austrian oil major OMV
, which already has interests in commercial fields in New Zealand, has extended its involvement with two offshore permits.
Other permits were awarded to established explorer and producer Canada's TAG Oil
, a joint venture of local Todd Exploration and Australia's Beach Petroleum
, New Zealand-owned Petrochem Ltd and British-owned Mosman Oil and Gas Ltd
.
A small New Zealand-based private company New Endeavour Resources Ltd, which wants to attract other investors, has entered the sector for the first time with an offshore permit.

Uber officials to be questioned | Uber  Ola  TaxiForSure banned in Delhi | CoverageYou are here: Home > Collections > Emea
Uber officials to be questioned in cab rape case
PTI Dec 9, 2014, 11.50AM IST
Tags:
Gagan Bhatia
(Uber's GM (Marketing) Gagan…)
NEW DELHI: Officials of international taxi-booking service Uber will be questioned by police for the second consecutive day today in connection with the alleged rape of a 27-year-old finance company executive by its driver.
Uber's General Manager (Marketing) Gagan Bhatia , who claims to be the in-charge of the company's India operations, has not been able to provide much information to the police regarding the company's operations and its policies during questioning yesterday.
Police officials have asked him to produce certain documents today.
"We wanted to know the role of the company while it brings the customer and the car driver into contact through its App. What is the liability of the company if the driver commits a crime as in this case. What is the business model, how it works, who are its promoters," said a senior police official.
Sources privy to the investigation said Bhatia could not come up with satisfactory answers to questions posed by cops following which he was asked to produce the documents regarding the operations of the company in India.
"He first told us that there is no country head and he reports to one person who heads its operation at EMEA (Europe-Middle East-Asia).If we don't get satisfactory answers from Bhatia, we may call this EMEA head for questioning," the official said.
He said they have come across gross violations on part of the company in terms of violation of the Motor Vehicle Act and others.
Yesterday, Bhatia was questioned by a team led by Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Brijendra Kumar Yadav.
Later in the evening Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi said there were "certain gaps in the system" and the company "had certain responsibility" in the case.
In Delhi, black and yellow taxi and radio taxis operate. Radio Taxis were introduced in 2006. Taxi providers work under certain conditions laid down under the Radio Taxi policy of 2006, he said.
"With the expansion of Internet, certain virtual platforms have come up. Uber was one of them. They had been working without any permission from transport authorities and there are certain gaps in the system.They had been bringing the two together - the taxi operator as well as the customer through a virtual platform.
"They had certain responsibilities, because when you are bringing the two together, you are ensuring the customer of certain quality, which was not there," said Bassi.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, who was driving the uber cab, allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back to her home in north Delhi's Inderlok area.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Accenture  Microsoft tie up for hybrid cloud solutionAccenture, Microsoft tie up for hybrid cloud solution
K V Kurmanath
Hyderabad, Dec 9:  
Accenture and Microsoft have joined hands to introduce Accenture Hybrid Cloud Solution for Microsoft Azure.
Commenting on the extended association between the two firms, Satya Nadella, Chief Executive Officer of Microsoft, said the Microsoft cloud, combined with Accenture’s industry knowledge and implementation expertise, would accelerate customers’ cloud adoption.
Pierre Nanterme, Chairman and CEO, Accenture, said enterprises needed to smartly connect their infrastructure, software applications, data and operations capabilities in order to become agile, intelligent, digital businesses.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Pluto-bound spacecraft ends hibernation to start missionPluto-bound spacecraft ends hibernation to start mission
Reuters
Tweet
Reuters/Science@NASA/handout An artist's impression of NASA's New Horizons spacecraft, currently en route to Pluto, is shown in this handout image provided by Science@NASA. After nine years and a journey of 3 billion miles (4.8 billion km), NASA's New Horizons robotic probe has woken from hibernation to begin its unprecedented mission: the study of the icy dwarf planet Pluto and its home, the Kuiper Belt. A pre-set alarm clock roused New Horizons from its electronic slumber at 3 p.m. EST (2000 GMT) on December 6, 2014.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., Dec 9:  
After nine years and a journey of 3 billion miles (4.8 billion km), NASA's New Horizons robotic probe awoke from hibernation on Saturday to begin an unprecedented mission to study the icy dwarf planet Pluto and sibling worlds in its Kuiper Belt home.
A pre-set alarm clock roused New Horizons from its electronic slumber at 3 p.m. EST (2000 GMT), though ground control teams didn't receive confirmation until just after 9:30 p.m. (0230 GMT on Sunday).
New Horizons is now so far away that radio signals travelling at the speed of light take four hours and 25 minutes to reach Earth.
The scientific observation of Pluto, its entourage of moons and other bodies in the solar system's frozen backyard begins January 15, program managers said. The closest approach is expected on July 14.
Pluto lies in the Kuiper Belt, a region of icy mini-planets orbiting the sun beyond Neptune that are believed to be leftover remains from the formation of the solar system some 4.6 billion years ago. It is the last unexplored region of the solar system.
"It's hard to underestimate the evolution that's taking place in our view of the architecture and content of our solar system as a result of the discovery ... of the Kuiper Belt," lead researcher Alan Stern said.
Since its discovery in 1930, Pluto has been a mystery. Scientists struggled to explain why a planet with a radius of just 740 miles (1,190 km) - about half the width of the United States - could come to exist beyond the giant worlds of Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.
"We wondered why Pluto was a misfit," Stern said.
In 1992, astronomers discovered that Pluto, located about 40 times farther away from the sun than Earth, was not alone in the far reaches of the solar system, prompting the International Astronomical Union to reconsider its definition of "planet."
In 2006, with New Horizons already on its way, Pluto was stripped of its title as the ninth planet in the solar system and became a dwarf planet, of which more than 1,000 have since been discovered in the Kuiper Belt.
With New Horizons approaching Pluto's doorstep, scientists are eager for their first close-up look at this unexplored domain.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Chinese stocks rally  HK shares fall on profit-takingChinese stocks rally, HK shares fall on profit-taking
Reuters
Tweet
Shanghai, Dec 9:  
Chinese stocks rose to their highest level in more than 3-1/2 years on Tuesday, led by continuing gains in brokerages and infrastructure firms on views the current rally can keep going.
The CSI300 index rose 3.0 per cent to 3,351.29 points at the end of the morning session, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 1.2 per cent to 3,057.74 points.
For both indexes, those levels were the highest since April 2011.
But Hong Kong investors have become cautious after the multi-week rally in mainland markets, with some locking in profits.
The Hang Seng index dropped 0.9 per cent, to 23,827.37 points. The Hong Kong China Enterprises Index lost 1.2 per cent, to 11,731.68 points.
In mainland markets, “blue-chip shares could continue to rise and start to correct by the year-end’’, predicted Zhang Gang, an analyst in Shanghai at Central China Securities.
Brokerage, infrastructure sectors
The brokerage sector remained strong. Hong Yuan Securities Co Ltd, CITIC Securities Co Ltd, Southwest Securities Co Ltd, Western Securities Co and Haitong Securities Co Ltd all climbed by the 10 per cent daily limit.
The infrastructure sector also outperformed, with the CSI300 subindex soaring 5.5 per cent on Tuesday.
In Hong Kong, the mainland rally was increasingly seen as a bit over-stretched, causing some investors to move to sectors such as infrastructure companies.
While some people in Hong Kong believe mainland markets can stay strong, “the risk has increased. Why not take some profits from Chinese financials?’’ said Alex Wong, director at Ample Finance Group in Hong Kong.
“Infrastructure shares still look cheap, and investors expect the policy (from the mainland) to drive earnings as China wants to boost infrastructures by developing more projects,’’ Wong said.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Zydus Cadila launches biosimilar of AdalimumabHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Zydus Cadila launches biosimilar of Adalimumab
Aesha Datta
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
Zydus Cadila has launched a biosimilar of Adalimumab, which is used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile idiopathic arthritis, psoriatic arthritis and Ankylosing Spondylitis.
Though the innovator drug is currently still under patent in the US, it is not sold in India. The US patent is expected to expire in 2019, though it will lose patent in other markets earlier.
Zydus Cadila expects to garner Rs 100 crore in revenues from this product in three years.
According to the company senior officials, the drug would cost about a fifth in India compared to the US, where it is priced at about $1,000 a vial.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

India the brightest spot in Asia Pacific region: Standard & Poor s Ratings ServicesBlack money outflow from India up nine-fold in a decade, loss of $94.7 mn
India has emerged as the brightest spot in the Asia Pacific region as reform has picked up pace in the country in recent months, a top credit rating agency has said.
“India has been the region’s brightest spot since our last report. After a modest beginning, Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi’s government has picked up the pace of reform, eliminating the diesel subsidy in early November, liberalising foreign investment into the insurance sector, and curbing discretionary government spending for the second half of the current fiscal year,” the Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services said.
Confidence has improved and growth momentum is now at around seven per cent, S&P said in its latest quarterly updates on credit conditions in North America, the Asia-Pacific region, Latin America and Europe.
In the Asia Pacific region, Australia’s GDP growth continues to trend at around three per cent, buoyed by reasonably solid consumption and still-strong real exports, despite falling iron ore prices, it said.
Banks and bond investors appear incrementally cautious and selective with their investments throughout the region.
“Our issuer ratings outlook eased slightly to a net negative bias of 11 per cent at the end of October, in line with receding concerns about India. However, the ratio remains high compared to other regions. Cyclical industries such as transportation, building materials, chemicals, real estate development, and capital goods have above-average negative biases,” the agency said.
Some Asia-Pacific economies, it said, are ending 2014 on a relatively lower note than expected, as China’s growth momentum slows under a weaker property market, Japan slips into recession, and external demand has yet to meaningfully improve.
Financial sector turbulence arising from China’s property sector could have effects beyond China.
While a stronger US recovery is export-positive, the concurrent higher hike in the Fed Funds rate could cause stress if not managed, it said.
“Against this backdrop, we see the credit cycle continuing to adjust to slower economic prospects, as well as high household and corporate debt in several countries weighing on some sectors’ credit outlooks,” it said.
The US economic recovery is strengthening, and Standard & Poor’s expects this trend to continue in the fourth quarter and through 2015, boosted by growing momentum in the labor and housing markets.
TAGS: Standard & Poor's Ratings Services
More from economy
Explained: How India will become a common market with GST With cascading taxes gone, over a period of time the lower tax burden could translate into lower prices for goods for consumers...

Nuts! Korean flight delayed by first classspatBy: Associated Press | Seoul |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:08 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 10:42 am
Forget dust-ups over reclining seats in economy class. There’s a new and exclusive twist on inflight anger: Nut rage in first class.
A recent Korean Air Lines flight was delayed when the daughter of its chairman ordered a senior crew member off the plane for allowing passengers in the pointy end of the aircraft to be served bagged macadamia nuts instead of nuts on a plate.
The airline has apologized for inconveniencing passengers, but also excused the woman’s behavior.
South Korean daily Segye Ilbo reported this week that the flight from New York City to Incheon, South Korea returned to the gate after Cho Hyun-ah told the head of cabin crew to leave the plane. The report said Cho quarreled with crew in the first class cabin and the flight departed 20 minutes late.
Cho, 40, is vice president responsible for cabin service at the airline. She is the oldest child of Korean Air’s chairman, tycoon Cho Yang-ho. Her two siblings are also executives at South Korea’s largest airline.
The incident caused uproar in South Korea where it was seen as an example of over-mighty behavior by the offspring of the moneyed elite.
The South Korean economy is dominated by family-controlled conglomerates known as chaebol. Family members often wield greater influence over major companies than shareholders and executives with no blood ties to the founding family.
Korean Air Lines confirmed that Flight 86 was delayed at John F. Kennedy airport on December 5 due to the nut incident. But the company said the decision to disembark the crew member was made by the flight’s captain.
South Korea’s government said it is investigating whether Cho violated aviation safety law. Cho could face legal action if the probe shows that she interrupted the flight or endangered safety by using threats, her status or violence.
Korean Air Lines Co. said Tuesday it was “natural” for Cho to fault crew’s ignorance of procedures.
Cabin crew are required to ask first class passengers whether they want nuts, partly to avoid serving them to people with allergies. The nuts also should have been served on a plate. The airline said it will step up training to improve customer service and safety.  Cho was not available to comment.
People’s Solidarity for Participatory Democracy, a civic group, said it would file a complaint against Cho with prosecutors.”
The anger and the concern from the public were so big because safety and procedures related to important services were simply ignored” due to Cho’s status, the group said.

Sushma Swaraj draws flak over demand to make Bhagwad Gita nationalscriptureBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:01 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:28 pm
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Tuesday came under opposition attack in Rajya Sabha for demanding that the Bhagwad Gita be declared national scripture, with members saying this was a “sinister” design to alter secular character of the Constitution.
Raising the issue during Zero Hour, D Raja (CPI) demanded that the House should disapprove her demand even as the Government sprang to Swaraj’s defence saying Gita was not a ‘dharma granth’ (religious scripture) but a ‘karma granth’ (book on individual’s actions).
“Gita is not a dharma granth. It is a karma granth,” Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said.
He said some people see secularism in danger whenever there is talk about ‘sanskriti and sanskar’ (heritage and culture). “The entire country is proud of Bhagwad Gita,” he said.
“You cannot impose one holy book as the national book,” Raja said, adding India is a multi-religion and multi-lingual society where different sections hold various scriptures as holy.
Swaraj’s statement, he said, was not an isolated statement and should be seen in the context of remarks by BJP and RSS leaders.
“There is a sinister design to alter secular fabric and secular character of the Constitution,” he said.
Raja asked why the BJP government was giving “special treatment” to Sanskrit language in school education at the cost of other Indian languages like Tamil which are equally ancient.
Swaraj’s statement, he said, was “objectionable” and “the House should take note of it and disapprove it.”
While Digvijay Singh (Cong) said he condemns Swaraj’s statement, Sitaram Yechury (CPI-M) said the holy book for India is its Constitution that guarantees right of equality to all.
Several members from Left, Congress and Trinamool rose to associate themselves with Raja.

Hong Kong democracy protest camp shutdownloomsBy: Associated Press | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:54 pm
Hong Kong pro-democracy activists have until Thursday morning to leave a sprawling protest camp that’s blocked traffic in the Chinese financial hub for more than two months before authorities clear it out, a lawyer said Tuesday.
Authorities are set to move in after a court order authorized the removal of barricades, tents and other obstructions from the Admiralty district, site of the protesters’ main camp downtown, setting the stage for one last showdown with activists demanding greater democracy.
Workers will dismantle the protest camp starting at 9 a.m., said Paul Tse, a lawyer for the bus company that took out the injunction.
“What I would like to do now is to perhaps make a public plea to the students to stay away from the scene when there is plenty of time,” he told reporters, adding the company wanted to give protesters enough time to pack their belongings and leave the site.
He said the court order, which was published in newspapers Tuesday, would be posted at the Admiralty site in the afternoon.
About 3,000 police officers would be deployed for the operation, the South China Morning Post newspaper reported, citing unidentified police sources.
The student-led protesters have been occupying streets for 73 days to press their demands for greater democracy.
Another protest site in the rough-and-tumble Mong Kok neighborhood was shut down late last month by authorities enforcing a separate court order. The aggressive police operation sparked several nights of violent clashes in the neighborhood’s tight grid of streets, resulting in about 160 arrests.
The South China Morning Post said the third and smallest protest site, in the Causeway Bay district, is also expected to be dismantled Thursday, although it is not covered by any court order.
The semiautonomous Chinese city’s Beijing-backed leader, Leung Chun-ying, said officers would use “minimum force” in assisting court workers to shut the site down. Earlier this week he said they were expected to encounter “fierce resistance.”
Organizers said as many as 200,000 people joined the protests early on, but numbers have since dwindled and only dozens now remain at the Admiralty camp, next to city government headquarters.
Options are narrowing for the student protest leaders as the government maintains an apparent strategy of waiting them out.
The Hong Kong Federation of Students, one of the groups organizing the protests, said last week it’s mulling a retreat but has not yet made a decision. The group had earlier led a failed bid to surround the headquarters complex that resulted in a night of violent clashes in a desperate last-minute push to pressure the government over Beijing’s requirement to screen candidates in the inaugural 2017 election for the city’s top leader.
Joshua Wong, a teenager who has become the protest movement’s most prominent leader, abandoned a hunger strike on the weekend after nearly five days on doctor’s orders. Of the four continued…

China stocks end day over 5% down  Sensex slips 200 points; top betsChina stocks crack, Sensex takes a dive; top 20 intraday trading bets
ET Now Dec 9, 2014, 03.09PM IST
Tags:
Century Textiles Ltd
(Sensex slipped as much as…)
MUMBAI: A sudden sell-off in Chinese markets led to a correction in other Asian markets, including India. The Nifty slipped below 8,350 and was trading at its November 20 lows.
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 334 points and was trading below its crucial psychological support level of 28000, led by losses in ONGC, L&T, ITC, ICICI Bank and SBI.
"China said lower-rated bonds can no longer be used as collateral for some short-term loans, sparking a selloff in riskier debt that spread to government notes and stocks. The yuan fell the most since 2008," Bloomberg reported.
According to analysts, Chinese market had surged 9 per cent last week and some profit booking was expected. However, the sharp fall of over 6 per cent intraday has made investors cautious.
Shanghai Composite Index closed down 5.43 percent, or 163.99 points, at 2,856.27 on turnover of 793.4 billion yuan ($128.2 billion).
At 03:06 p.m., the S&P BSE Sensex was trading at 27,802.56; down 316.84 points.
The Nifty was trading at 8,339.05, down 99.2 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 1.70 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 1.73 per cent.
The S&P BSE Metal Index was down 2.75 per cent, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index fell 1.96 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index was 2.7 per cent lower.
Sesa Sterlite (5 per cent), Bharti Airtel (3.7 per cent), Tata Power (4.7 per cent), ONGC (4.3 per cent) and Hindalco (3.7 per cent) were among the major Nifty losers.
Sun Pharma (up 1.3 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.44 per cent), HCL Technologies (up 0.46 per cent), TCS (up 0.42 per cent) and M&M (up 0.58 per cent) were among the major Nifty gainers.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical and Ranbaxy Laboratories gained momentum after the Competition Commission of India approved merger of Sun Pharma with Ranbaxy on the condition that the companies divest seven select brands in the Indian drug market.
The market breadth was negative on the NSE with 446 gainers against 1046 losers.
Profit booking in Asian markets picked up after sell-off in China. The Shanghai Composite plunged 5.43 per cent and Hang Seng was 2.36 per cent lower.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 224
Hindustan Zinc is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 181 and a stop loss of Rs 166
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 169
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 490 and a stop loss of Rs 525
 
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 345 and a stop loss of Rs 327
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 184 and a stop loss of Rs 173
India Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 83 and a stop loss of Rs 91.50
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 630 and a stop loss of Rs 663
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 342 and a stop loss of Rs 324
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 257
State Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 307 and a stop loss of Rs 314
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst, Sharekhan
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 244 and a stop loss of Rs 223
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 71
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 273 and a stop loss of Rs 252
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 266 and a stop loss of Rs 253
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 506 and a stop loss of Rs 532
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1140
Ankit Chaudhary, Senior Tech Analyst, Analyse India
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 94
Radico Khaitan Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 90
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 380
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

China s yuan looks headed for worst fall since 2008You are here: Home > Collections > Currency
Yuan set for worst day in 6 years, Asia FX down
Reuters Dec 9, 2014, 11.28AM IST
Tags:
China
(The won got a reprieve on…)
SINGAPORE: China's yuan headed for its worst day in six years on Tuesday, leading losses among emerging Asian currencies, while Northeast Asian units including the South Korean won bucked the trend.
The won got a reprieve on the yen's rebound, which eased concerns over intervention from the Korean foreign exchange authorities worried about the won's loss of competitiveness.
The Chinese yuan earlier lost more than 0.5 percent to breach 6.2000 per dollar, which would be the largest daily loss in its relative value since 2008.
The currency came under pressure from a tumble in local bonds after China's official bond clearing house on Monday clamped down on the corporate bond market. That excluded about 500 billion yuan ($80.7 billion) worth of corporate bonds from being used for bond repurchase agreements.
The renminbi has already been weakening on a slowing Chinese economy , even though the central bank fixed its midpoint stronger.
"Nervousness towards the CNY and CNH in the wake of the latest disappointing trade numbers is also expected to persist in the near term and put a solid floor under USD-Asia," said Emmanuel Ng, a foreign exchange strategist with OCBC Bank , referring to onshore and offshore yuan.
China's November imports unexpectedly fell and export growth eased, data showed on Monday, increasing concerns over a sharp slowdown in the world's second-largest economy.
The yuan's weakness dragged the Singapore dollar lower and limited gains in the Malaysian ringgit.
WON The won gained against the dollar as the yen's strength caused traders to cut bearish bets.
The yen's appreciation eased concerns over intervention by the foreign exchange authorities to check the won's strength against the Japanese currency. South Korea and Japan compete in exports markets for key products such as automobiles.
Against the Japanese currency, the won eased to 9.2334 after hitting a six-year high of 9.1874 on Monday.
The South Korean unit was seen having a chart resistance at 9.2160 and the next level would be 9.0000, analysts said.
TAIWAN DOLLAR The Taiwan dollar rose from Monday's close of 31.285 per U.S. dollar, its weakest since October 2010. Traders said the central bank weakened the currency through last-minute intervention in the previous session.
Local importers took the rebound as chances to buy the greenback for payments on dips, limiting gains in the island's currency around 31.200, traders said.
Exporters and foreign investors stayed on the sidelines.
BAHT Thailand's baht rose as local investors covered short positions on rebounds in regional peers.
Thailand's government bond prices rose with five- and 10-year bond yields down.
Investors hesitated to build big bets on the baht as domestic financial markets will be closed for a holiday on Wednesday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A New High For The Real Estate IndustryTweet
Published on Tue, Dec 09,2014 | 13:07, Updated at Tue, Dec 09 at 13:07Source : Moneycontrol.com 
In order to encourage growth of the struggling real estate industry, the Union Cabinet of the new Indian Government has issued a much awaited press release dated 29 October 2014 (Press Release) proposing to amend the foreign direct investment policy, 2014 (FDI Policy) with respect to the ‘Construction Development’ sector.
In line with the press release , the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) has issued press note no 10 (2014 series) dated 3 December 2014 amending  the ‘Consolidated FDI Policy Circular 2014’ (Press Note).
The following two ERGO Newsflash by Khaitan & Co analyses the existing FDI policy against the proposed amendments of the Press Release & the deviation of the Press Note from the Press Release and the corresponding impact on the FDI Policy.

Sensex tanks over 200 points; Nifty drops below 8 400Sensex tanks over 200 points; Nifty drops below 8 400
Acer Launches Liquid Jade  Liquid E700 In India; Available Exclusively Through SnapdealAcer Launches Liquid Jade  Liquid E700 In India; Available Exclusively Through Snapdeal
Shanghai Stock Exchange Plunges Over 5% at CloseShanghai Stock Exchange Plunges Over 5% at Close
Wipro Cited as a Leader in Business Intelligence Services by Independent Research FirmWipro Cited as a Leader in Business Intelligence Services by Independent Research Firm
Australia shares post biggest drop in a week; energy  resources slumpAustralia shares post biggest drop in a week; energy  resources slump
Why you should buy Ranbaxy shares ahead of Sun acquisitionDec 09, 2014, 01.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Why you should buy Ranbaxy shares ahead of Sun acquisition
With the cloud of uncertainty vanishing from over the deal, traders can look to exploit an arbitrage opportunity between Sun and Ranbaxy shares.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Why you should buy Ranbaxy shares ahead of Sun acquisition
With the cloud of uncertainty vanishing from over the deal, traders can look to exploit an arbitrage opportunity between Sun and Ranbaxy shares.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Competition Commission of India on Monday approved Ranbaxy’s  acquisition by India’s number one drugmaker (by sales) Sun Pharmaceutical , clearing the decks for the biggest-ever pharma deal in the country.
Post the important approval, the acquisition now becomes a mere formality and analysts expect the deal to conclude in less than six months outlined by the CCI for the two firms to meet some conditions with respect to divestiture of certain drugs.
With the cloud of uncertainty vanishing from over the deal, traders can look to exploit an arbitrage opportunity between Sun and Ranbaxy shares.
According to an HSBC report, based on the merger ratio of 0.8 between the two firms, there is a 5 percent arbitrage between the two stocks. That is, Ranbaxy shareholders would get 0.8 shares of Sun in lieu of each Ranbaxy share held.
At the time of this writing, Sun shares were trading at Rs 845 per share. Based on the merger ratio, Ranbaxy should trade at about Rs 675 but in Mumbai trading today, the stock was at Rs 643, implying a discount of about 5 percent.
Traders can play this by buying Ranbaxy futures.
On account on uncertainty on how the final contours of the deal would look like, the discount between Sun and Ranbaxy had widened to about 15 percent as recently as last month. (On November, Sun traded at Rs 850 while Ranbaxy was at 593).
This gap has narrowed and will likely reduce further ahead.
“I don’t know why and why investors were so pessimistic [so as to drive the discount to such levels last month],” Prabhudar Lilladher pharma analyst Surajit Pal told CNBC-TV18 this morning. “The arbitrage opportunity – when people bought Sun Pharma shares instead of Ranbaxy -- was too much. That is narrowing.”
Independently, too, most analysts have been bullish on Sun Pharma and after the deal’s announcement, on Ranbaxy as well, as they repose faith in Sun management’s ability to fix Ranbaxy’s quality issues that have got the company into a tangle with the US FDA.
HSBC has on overweight rating on both stocks.
RELATED NEWS

CNN s First Anchors on the Birth of 24-Hour Cable News«Back
CNN's First Anchors on the Birth of 24-Hour Cable News
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
In 1980, Cable News Network, the first 24-hour news channel, makes its debut. David Walker and Lois Hart anchored CNN's first newscast. The rest as they say, is history.
Top Stories

Forgive Jyoti  she is from a village: Modi tells LSComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi rejected on Friday demands to sack junior minister Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti for her invective-laced speech at a Delhi poll rally but his appeal to opposition parties to accept her apology keeping in mind her background triggered fresh outrage.
“Nobody can approve such things. Later, the minister apologised. She is a new minister, we know her social background, she is from a village, and she has apologised and it is the duty of senior members in the House that when a member apologises in front of such a big House, then we should also be liberal,” Modi said in the Lok Sabha, reprising the statement he made in the Rajya Sabha the day before.
“I feel when the minister had apologised, and she is a new minister, then senior leaders should request members of their parties to close the issue and move on and resume work in the interest of the country.”
"It is the duty of the distinguished members of the House that when a colleague seeks apology; we should be magnanimous," the PM added.
But, his appeal failed to mollify opposition members as they walked out of Parliament and sat in protest outside, tying black cloths across their mouths.
Modi’s statement raised questions about the BJP’s interest in Jyoti’s social background because the 47-year-old saffron-clad sadhvi or nun was born into the backward Nishad (boatmen) caste, considered a major vote bank in Uttar Pradesh that sends 80 MPs to the Lok Sabha.
Later, nine opposition parties demanded a censure motion in the House. “We would propose a motion of censure in the House to the effect that such comments from an MP and a minister is not acceptable and deserve to be condemned,” reads the statement drafted by CPM leader Sitaram Yechury.
Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati found fault with the BJP’s attempt to play the “Dalit card” in Jyoti’s defence, saying it was tantamount to making allegations against one community.
“The BJP is saying that she is a Dalit woman and this is untrue. The minister neither belongs to the Dalit community nor does she hail from the Scheduled Caste community. She is from the backward Nishad caste. The PM claims her background should be kept in mind. It would be improper to bring the whole Nishad community into this. There are many, including MPs, from the Nishad community in their party. If the minister is incompetent or has made an objectionable statement, she should be removed and another person from that community should replace her,” she said.
The Nishads and their so-called sub-caste, the Kashyap, inhabit swathes of the Ganga and Yamuna river banks and are considered crucial to the BJP’s design to consolidate Dalit and backward-class votes in this politically-crucial state.
Sources said the intention was clear when Modi made the first-time MP from Fatehpur a minister of state for food processing industries during last month’s cabinet expansion.
For a woman who doesn’t have formal education beyond Class 12, Jyoti has donned many roles in her life from farmhand, construction labourer, hymn singer, nun and preacher to fiery politician who fits the brand of politics the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and the Vishwa Hindu Parishad apparently espouse. Her caste is an added advantage.
Oppn up in arms
After Modi's statement, leader of Congress Mallikarjun Kharge said the Opposition wanted to know why such a thing happened.
"We are not against any individual" nor their background but the issue is that many BJP leaders have been making controversial statements, he said.
Such statements are creating a situation in the country where social unity is threatened, he added, and wanted to know what action the government was taking in this regard.
While the Opposition continued to agitate, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said the protests have to stop.
E Ahamed of the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) was heard saying the government was not listening to the Opposition.
Soon, members from the Congress, Left parties, IUML, BSP and the AAP staged a walkout.
Outside Parliament House, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, along with other members of the Opposition, protested against the government, saying that "democratic process" was not being allowed inside Parliament.
The protesters demanded Jyoti's resignation over her unparliamentary language at a rally and tied black scarves around their mouths during the protest.
"The attitude of the government is not to allow democratic process inside the house," said Gandhi.
"...it is a mindset of the top leadership of the country that democratic conversation should not be allowed inside the house...We are going to fight at every inch."
"We are being stopped and suppressed...," he added.
The members were also seen carrying banners reading "Protect secularism and democracy: We want united India" and "Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti Resign".
Ruckus in Rajya Sabha
In Rajya Sabha, too, Congress and other opposition parties disrupted proceedings demanding action against Jyoti forcing its adjournment.
Immediately after railway minister Suresh Pradhu took oath, the entire Opposition was on its feet raising the issue.
Barely had the listed papers been laid, slogan shouting members rushed into the Well.
"Mantri to barkhast karo (sack the minister)," they shouted.
Deputy chairman PJ Kurien took up Zero Hour mentions even as there was no relenting in slogan shouting.
Congress' Anand Sharma said the opposition benches patiently heard Modi's statement on the issue on Thursday but want to know about the government's action taken against the minister.
"It is for you and the government to sit together and come to a conclusion. What can I do?" Kurien said.
"If the members don't want the House to run, what can the Chair do?"
Treasury benches protested saying the minister has already expressed apologies and Prime Minister made statement disapproving of the comments and so the House should resume its normal functioning.
Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said the Congress was stalling business of national importance despite Jyoti expressing regret.
The BJP ruled out any compromise formula amid protests, insisting that the PM’s statement should be enough to satisfy the Opposition.
But hectic negotiations were expected over the weekend to restore normality in the Rajya Sabha, where the BJP doesn’t have the required numbers to pass key bills lined up for this winter session.
Jyoti, minister of state for food processing industries, had apologised in Parliament on Tuesday, reportedly on the orders of the Prime Minister, but opposition parties like the Left want her sacked and say she must face criminal charges for trying to incite communal hatred.
"The people of Delhi have to decide if they want a government of Ramzaadon (descendants of Ram) or haramzaadon (those who are illegitimately born)," Jyoti had reportedly had said at a public meeting in Delhi on Monday.
(With agency inputs)

US plane in emergency Italy stop after passengers  crew fell illHTC launches Desire 620G dual SIM priced at Rs 15,900
A US Airways plane made an emergency landing in Rome today after two passengers and 11 members of the crew were taken ill, Italian media reported.
The plane, which set off from Tel Aviv in Israel for Philadelphia in the United States, landed at the Fiumicino airport in the Italian capital and requested medical assistance for 13 people suffering from red eyes and vomiting.
The passengers and crew affected were checked by airport emergency doctors before being taken to the G B Grassi di Ostia hospital near Rome.
A malfunction in the Airbus A330’s ventilation system could be to blame, the reports said.
More from industry
‘Insurers must tell aggrieved clients whom to approach’ Bombay HC asks IRDA to direct insurance firms to inform aggrieved mediclaim policy holders about the available remedies...

MDMK quits NDA  hits out at Modi GovtMDMK quits NDA, hits out at Modi Govt
PTI
MDMK General Secretary Vaiko, at the party's General Council meeting in Chennai on Monday. Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
Chennai, Dec 8:  
MDMK led by Vaiko today decided to quit the NDA alliance in Tamil Nadu alleging that the BJP government at the Centre was acting against Tamils and betrayed the people of the State.
The MDMK District Secretaries meeting held here adopted an unanimous resolution to walk out of the NDA, the alliance it joined on the eve of Lok Sabha polls.
The resolution moved by party supremo Vaiko declared that “MDMK can no more be part of the BJP—led NDA as the saffron party—led government has been insensitive to a host of issues concerning Tamil Nadu including Mullaperiyar dam issue“.
The district secretaries meeting, one of the top level wings of the party, urged that India should not support Sri Lanka.
“BJP has been acting against Tamils. Modi wished Mahinda Rajapaksa for elections (there). Modi government is silent on Subramanian Swamy’s proposal for Bharat Ratna for Rajapaksa”, the resolution stated.
The party also came down heavily on the BJP government’s efforts on “sanskritisation of education.”
The party alleged that the Modi government had not taken care of the needs of Tamil Nadu people. The government has given permission for review of Mullaiperiyar dam water level, it charged. “Modi is betraying people of Tamil Nadu,” it said.
The resolution was critical of the “inaction” by the Centre on the Cauvery water sharing issue against the backdrop of Tamil Nadu continuing to press for setting up Cauvery Management Authority and its opposition to Karnataka’s plans to build dams across the Cauvery river at Mekedatu.
The party termed the release of five fishermen who were saved from death sentence following pardon granted by Rajapaksa as a “drama” and accused the Centre of not solving the fishermen issue.
The MDMK joined the six-party grand alliance led by BJP in Tamil Nadu ahead of May Lok Sabha elections. Though the party contested seven seats out of 39, it could not win any. BJP and PMK, another partner of the NDA alliance, managed to win a seat each.
Vaiko has been critical of the Modi—led government in the last few months and Modi greeting Lankan President Rajapaksa at the SAARC meeting further widened the cracks. There were criticism by BJP leaders against Vaiko, with H Raja saying Vaiko was free to remain or leave the alliance.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

EUs eastern members target 315bn fundEU’s eastern members plot joint raid on €315bn Juncker fund
Henry Foy in Warsaw
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/70e1089a-7ba9-11e4-b6ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US energy sector feels renewed pressureRenewed pressure on crude oil prices weighs on US energy groups
Michael Mackenzie and Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab7e268a-7eed-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECB blamed for covered bond shortageECB blamed for covered bond shortage
Christopher Thompson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/113c4a2e-7ee4-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PwC sold tax avoidance on industrial scalePwC sold ‘tax avoidance on industrial scale’
Vanessa Houlder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2a73216-7f0a-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Huffington post India editionlaunch-India-ed.html    Cached
Arianna Huffington’s US news website Huffington Post ties up with Times Group to launch HuffPost India edition to tap into the country’s internet user base
www.huffingtonpost.com    Cached
The destination for news, blogs and original content offering coverage of US politics, entertainment, style, world news, technology and comedy - Huffington Post

Asia equities follow US and Europe lowerRisk aversion rises on growth fears
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/70d9cd30-7f52-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investors reading too much into Infy owners selling: Vibhor08:00 am
Infosys  founders Narayana Murthy and family sold 23.3 percent of their stake on Monday, along with Nandan Nilekani and family – who sold 31.3 percent stake. K Dinesh and family and SD Shibulal too sold 21.5 percent and 9.6 percent, respectively. The deal was done at a 4 percent discount to Friday's closing.
The Infosys stock fell 5 percent at yesterday’s closing. Vibhor Singhal of Phillip Capital believes investors are reading too much into promoters selling their stake and yesterday’s selling was an over-reaction. However, overall he is bearish on the stock when compared to  TCS and Tech Mahindra .
He says Vishal Sikka's vision for the company will take time to materialize.
In the midcaps space, he likes Persistent Systems . It is his top-pick in the space.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Vibhor Singhal's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: What is your spin on Infosys? What was your opinion on stock anyways and now with promoters looking to cash out or having cashed out is it given you a sense that even the promoters don’t see an immediate upside? Is that the interpretation?
A: I wouldn’t necessarily read too much into the promoters selling their stocks yesterday. The fall that we saw yesterday was probably a bit of an overreaction, people probably assuming that promoters are selling because they see limited upside from current levels in terms of the stock potential. However, yesterday, it was an overreaction but over all we remain bearish on Infosys as compared to Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and Tech Mahindra. We believe that the company will underperform the larger peers over the period of next two years.
They have run too far behind these companies and the new strategy that Vishal Sikka has put in place is going to be long drawn out process. So, till then we believe it will be very difficult for the company to actually outperform the other companies.
Sonia: So you are saying Infosys will underperform the rest of its peers. So, say for the next one year how much will Infosys grow in terms of a stock price and how much do you expect the others to grow?
A: Stock price would be array of function of the earnings I would say. So, for example we expect around 20-25 percent earnings growth for TCS and Tech Mahindra but it would probably be in the range of 12-15 percent at the max for Infosys.
Sonia: What would your top picks be?
A: TCS and Tech Mahindra are top pick.
Latha: What are your midcap favorites?
A: In midcaps, we like Persistent Systems; the stock definitely has run up a lot in the past few months. So, the valuations appear a bit expensive but the domain that they are into is very exciting and is the domain of the future. So, they would definitely do well over the next two years. So Persistent System looks to be the top pick in the midcap.
Sonia: How are you reading the entire IT sector as a whole for 2015? Many experts have indicated that the dollar strength there is cyclical biased to market as well. So defensives like IT may move to the backburner in 2015. Is that a sense you are getting as well?
A: Not necessarily, if you see operationally we are poised for a very strong growth in the entire IT sector for both CY15 as well as CY16. We are seeing signs of revival in discretionary spend in the US. Plus, Europe is opening up as an economy like anything. These companies are never outsourced before and they are now opening up for the outsourcing especially areas like Central Eastern Europe, France and Spain - these countries are opening up to outsourcing to these Indian IT companies. So, the kind of growth that you can expect from them is very strong, much more ahead of the US numbers that you can see. So, overall the IT sector will do very well over the next two years I believe and that should definitely reflect in the stock performance as well.
RELATED NEWS

Satyam case: Raju jailed even as CBI case ruling awaitedSatyam case: 6 months jail for Raju even as CBI case ruling awaited
E. Kumar Sharma        Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 11:12 IST
The Economic Offences court in Hyderabad on Monday convicted Satyam Computer founder and its former chairman B. Ramalinga Raju , his brother Rama Raju and eight others in a case of fraud filed by the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) in 2009, and imposed on them a fine of Rs 5 lakh and 6 months of imprisonment. Those convicted have been given a month to appeal against the ruling.
The order comes even as the judgement in the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) case against Raju and others is yet to be announced. All eyes at the moment are now on the next hearing on December 23 in the CBI probe in Satyam case.
This is before the XXI Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Court in Nampally, Hyderabad. The multi-crore accounting fraud at the erstwhile Satyam Computer Services rocked India Inc five years ago. On January 7, 2009, Raju sent out a letter to Satyam's board members admitting that the books of the company had been cooked.
A couple of days after he sent the letter, Raju was arrested by the Andhra Pradesh Criminal Investigation Department. The CBI subsequently took up the matter and has so far filed three charge sheets against the 10 accused.
All of them served about 18 months in prison as undertrials. Three months after Raju's letter, the Mahindra Group acquired Satyam Computer and gave it a new identity, Mahindra Satyam, which merged with Tech Mahindra on June 25 last year. The combined $2.7 billion entity is now called Tech Mahindra.

Despite ceasefire violations in India  Pakistan says both countries must end hostilitiesHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

http://usat.ly/12FaZUtFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Antivirus software powerless against Sony hackers
The ongoing cyberattack on Sony Pictures Entertainment that began two weeks ago could portend a new era in computer assaults -- one of wanton destruction and the release of embarrassing and potentially devastating data to the world.
Post to Facebook
Antivirus software powerless against Sony hackers The ongoing cyberattack on Sony Pictures Entertainment that began two weeks ago could portend a new era in computer assaults -- one of wanton destruction and the release of embarrassing and potentially devastating data to the world. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A464HP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
88
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Antivirus software powerless against Sony hackers
Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 8:35 p.m. EST December 6, 2014
A vehicle exits Sony Pictures Entertainment in Los Angeles on Thursday, Dec. 4, 2014, a day after Sony Pictures denounced a "brazen" cyber attack it said netted a "large amount" of confidential information, including movies as well as personnel and business files.
(Photo: Frederic J. Brown, AFP/Getty Images)
1382 CONNECT 536 TWEET 527 LINKEDIN 88 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — The malicious software that crippled Sony Pictures Entertainment and resulted in the release of gigabytes of sensitive information was not something that even state of the art antivirus software would have picked up.
"This incident appears to have been conducted using techniques that went undetected by industry standard antivirus software," the FBI said in a statement released Saturday.
In an e-mail to Sony staff obtained by USA TODAY, the security company analyzing the attack said "the malware was undetectable by industry standard antivirus software and was damaging and unique enough to cause the FBI to release a flash alert to warn other organizations of this critical threat."
Kevin Mandia,  CEO of Mandiant, the security firm, went on to say in his e-mail, "this was an unparalleled and well planned crime, carried out by an organized group, for which neither SPE nor other companies could have been fully prepared."
The ongoing cyberattack against SPE began two weeks ago. Security experts say it could portend a new era in computer assaults — one of wanton destruction and the release of embarrassing and potentially devastating data to the world.
"This is a game-changer for us in the United States, this level of maliciousness is unprecedented. I've never seen it, ever," said Jim Penrose, a former National Security Agency computer security expert now with Darktrace , a British security firm.
Sony is just the latest, and perhaps the hardest hit, in a long list of major U.S. corporations assaulted by cybercriminals in the past year. They include Target, P.F. Chang's, The Home Depot, Goodwill, Dairy Queen, JPMorgan Chase and the U.S. Postal Service.
Despite corporations spending millions of dollars on network security and the rise of hundreds of computer security firms, the attackers keep getting through.
The cost to investigate, notify and respond to these attacks is devastating. The average cost to a breached company was $3.5 million in 2014, according to a study released this year by the Ponemon Institute, which conducts independent research on information security.
Companies then pass on those increased costs for computer security, notification and, in some cases, remediation to their customers, even if those consumers don't even realize they're being affected.
A staggering 43% of companies worldwide have reported being breached in the past year, according to the Ponemon Institute. In addition, people whose credit cards or identities are compromised must also deal with replacement hassles and possible identity theft.
43% of companies had a data breach in the past year
But the Sony hack takes cyberattacks to a new, alarming level. In fact, nothing like it has been seen since the so-called Wild West days of the 1990s, when teenage hackers sometimes destroyed systems just to show they could.
But in the '90s, when the Internet was tiny and had almost no commercial interest, "nobody even noticed," said Tom Kellermann, chief cybersecurity officer for Trend Micro, a security software firm.
That is clearly no longer the case.
Today, Sony Pictures Entertainment has sales of $8 billion. A subsidiary of Japan's Sony Corp., SPE's global operations includes the production of movies, TV shows and digital content. Its biggest franchise is Spider-Man and it is home to stars such as Seth Rogen, George Clooney and Adam Sandler.
"This is totally different, this is literally the equivalent of burning the building down — it's a wake-up call about how bad it can get," said Kellermann.
The Sony attackers, who call themselves the "Guardians of Peace" or the "GOP," continue to taunt the company whose computer network they brought down on Nov. 24. On Friday, a threatening e-mail was sent to employees warning that what had come before "is only a small part of our further plan."
In somewhat mangled English, Friday's e-mail told employees to "make your company behave wisely." If they did not, "not only you but your family will be in danger."
Sony hit again, employee families threatened, files released
Some employees were told to shut off mobile phones and tablets, though some could still check e-mail.
Nothing is known about who the GOP are, what country they are from or what they want. Their messages would indicate they have some gripe with Sony and are making some demands on the company. But what those are isn't publicly known.
There has been speculation that they might be from North Korea, the attack in response to anger in that secretive dictatorship over an upcoming Sony comedy, The Interview, which stars Seth Rogen and makes fun of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. North Korea has denied any part in the hack.
North Korea says it didn't hack Sony
Regardless, the attack is a marked shift from what corporate America has become accustomed to.
Up until now, there have been four main types of attacks on companies. The most common are cybercriminals who steal credit card numbers, identification and other personal data and sell it on underground websites. The Target, Home Depot and JPMorgan attacks were all in this vein.
Often companies don't know their networks have been breached until credit card numbers used in their stores appear for sale on underground criminal sites. The response has been to beef up internal security while offering customers identity theft protection and new credit cards — at a cost of millions of dollars and the loss of customer confidence.
Data breach takes toll on Target profit
Less common, but not unknown, are attacks by so-called hacktivists. They typically deface or take down the website of a group they want to call out. For example, activists recently knocked the website of the Ku Klux Klan offline and published the names of individuals they claimed were members.
KKK hit by cyberattack after Ferguson threats
Rarely reported, although widely discussed in security circles, are industrial espionage attacks that steal companies' intellectual property, plans and customer lists. In Sony's case, it appears that the attackers are putting all of the files they've stolen on publicly available websites, not keeping the data for future use.
"Whoever's really behind it is doing it to do harm to Sony and to be punitive to the people who work for Sony," Penrose said.
The least common of all, but most terrifying, are attacks by governments aimed at other countries. As far as is known, these type of hacks are rare.
The first well-documented case of such an attack was the Stuxnet computer worm in 2010. It was deployed specifically to attack the computers that ran Iran's secret uranium enrichment program. It is believed to have been launched by Israel with help from the United States.

Sensex breaks 28 000; metal  power stocks dimSensex breaks 28,000; metal, power stocks dim
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 11:55 AM IST
Benchmark indices have extended losses and are trading lower in the late morning hours as investors turn cautious on the account of increasing CAD in the July-September quarter due to rising gold imports. Further, weak global cues dampened the sentiments of the market participants.
By 11.55 the 30-share BSE Sensex is lower by 124 points at 27,996, while the broad-based NSE Nifty has slipped by 45 points to trade at 8,397.
On the global front, Asian share markets were mostly in the red on Tuesday while the US dollar began to edge higher once again aided by a media report the Federal Reserve might take a rhetorical step toward tightening at its meeting next week.
Key Stocks:
On the sectoral front, BSE Metal index is the top loser down 1% followed by FMCG, Power and Consumer Durables indices down nearly 1% each. However, BSE Realty and Healthcare indices are up 0.5% and 0.3% each.
Power and metal stocks are trading under pressure after the Supreme Court on Monday dismissed nearly 20 applications of power and steel companies seeking exemption from its judgment which cancelled 204 coal mining licences issued since 1993. Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite, Hindalco, NTPC, Tata Steel and Coal India are down between 0.5-2%.
Cigarette maker ITC which rallied in the recent past is down 1.3% on profit booking.HUL is down 0.7%.
Oil prices also extended their long crash with US crude hitting its lowest in five years amid a glut of supply and pressuring energy stocks globally. ONGC has lost 1% while RIL is trading with marginal gains.
Sun Pharma has gained around 1% as its bid to acquire Ranbaxy has received approval from CCI, though with certain riders. Ranbaxy has gained over 3%. Following the tandem, Dr Reddy’s Lab is up 1%.
Domestic passenger car sales increased 9.52% to 1,56,445 units in November as compared with 1,42,849 units in the year-ago month.Motorcycle sales last month declined 3.05% to 8,53,254 units from 8,80,078 units a year earlier, according to data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM).Total two-wheeler sales in November rose 4.89% to 13,01,431 units.Sales of commercial vehicles rose 9.05% to 47,686 units in November SIAM said. M&M and Hero Motocorp are up 0.3% each. However, Tata motors and Maruti Suzuki have lost nearly 1% each.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices are up 0.1% each.
The market breadth on the BSE remains marginally negative with 1,174 shares advancing and 1,209 shares declining.
 

Cross-currency headwinds may impact $ revenue: MindtreeDec 09, 2014, 03.11 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Cross-currency headwinds may impact $ revenue: Mindtree
Rostow Ravanan of Mindtree says currencies moving all over the chart has become the new normal. He believes there may be a 100-150 bps impact on dollar revenue due to the cross-currency headwinds. However, he expects constant currency operational performance to be stable.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cross-currency headwinds may impact $ revenue: Mindtree
Rostow Ravanan of Mindtree says currencies moving all over the chart has become the new normal. He believes there may be a 100-150 bps impact on dollar revenue due to the cross-currency headwinds. However, he expects constant currency operational performance to be stable.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Strength in dollar is likely to result in cross-currency headwinds, which may in turn impact reported dollar revenues of Indian IT companies. However, the headwinds are unlikely to impact constant currency growth.
Currencies such as the Great Britain Pound (GBP), euro and Australian dollar (AUD) have depreciated 5-7 percent in the December quarter so far. IT majors have a 30-35 percent exposure to GBP, euro and AUD.
Rostow Ravanan, ED and CFO at  Mindtree says currencies moving all over the chart has become the new normal. He believes there may be a 100-150 basis points impact on dollar revenue due to the cross-currency headwinds. However, it may benefit on the EBITDA front, he adds. He expects constant currency operational performance to be stable.
Going ahead, he believes the fourth quarter will be better than Q3.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Rostow Ravanan's interview with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: This last quarter has been quite unique. You have dollar gaining strength against lot of currencies specially pound and couple of other currencies like yen but rupee has been resilient. So, if you could tell us what would be the net impact?
A: We have got used to new normal where currencies typically move all over the chart and it is difficult to predict or make any sensible assumptions even on future movements. The tough thing about giving any comments on currency in the middle of the quarter is that it still has few more days left and god only knows which way it will go from here.
However, broadly speaking at least for Mindtree, we think there will probably be some amount of benefits to our rupee P&L because of the way the rupee held up against the dollar. There could be an impact maybe about 100-150 bps of cross currency on revenues. So that’s the way we see as of today but this is a huge pinch of salt because you still have about 20 days left to go and it is very difficult to predict which way the currency will move in the remaining period for this quarter.
Anuj: If I heard you right – dollar revenue growth could be impacted by 100-150 bps?
A: That’s right but on EBITDA basis there could be some benefit because the rupee is reasonably stable against the dollar.
Ekta: To flesh it out more with regards to Q3 – the December quarter is expected to be a seasonally weak quarter. So, as the quarter has progressed you have changed your stance from what it was at the end of Q2 based on the currency depreciation that you have seen?
A: We always try to keep the currency out of the commentary we give to the investment community because that is largely outside our control. Therefore, on an operational basis the quarter is panning out exactly like how we foresaw at the end of Q2. There will be a small growth in this quarter on an operational basis. If currency comes to either benefit or play spoilsport – that we will only know at the end of the quarter.
Anuj: This quarter is seasonally weak; there are lower billing days as well so let’s talk about what is happening going forward. How do you see client budget shaping up in next financial year if you have got any early inclination of that?
A: Most early indications are positive but it’s only a small number of clients at this point of time from whom we have some indication but to the extent that we have some indications as of today; the comments have been positive. People have few big priorities that they want to take up next year especially around digital and initiatives around their digital marketing and areas like that. So that seems to be a big priority for clients but overall we expect next year to also be a good year for Mindtree.
Ekta: Focusing a bit more short-term – in Q4 what would your outlook be. Do you expect a significant ramp up as compared to Q3 and Q4 or has that changed on fundamental basis as well?
A: Absolutely not. On fundamental basis things are the same if not maybe marginally slightly better. At the beginning of the year we said that Mindtree’s growth this year will be higher than the industry average and we are still tracking to that.
However, Q3 gets impacted due to lower billing days, clients having golden week or shutoffs etc. So that will reverse itself in Q4. So Q4 will be a better quarter than Q3 just automatically but other than that no macro news that worries us at this point of time.
Ekta: Any concerns about a possible slowdown in Europe?
A: Not at this moment. I do not think there is a major worry from any of our large customers in Europe but Europe also is presenting a diverse picture. A few countries are doing reasonably well; few countries are still under stress. So depending on where clients are headquartered, sentiments get affected accordingly. It is difficult to paint one broad-brush picture for Europe. However, the US is a lot rosier than the picture in Europe at this point of time.
Mindtree stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  10:19 hrs Mindtree was quoting at Rs 1176.85, down Rs 14.05, or 1.18 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1269.95 and the 52-week low was Rs 649.20.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 54.21 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 21.71. The latest book value of the company is Rs 210.77 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.58.
RELATED NEWS

Cox Kings under pressure after Barclays cuts target by 8%Dec 09, 2014, 11.42 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cox & Kings under pressure after Barclays cuts target by 8%
According to the report, one of the key focus areas for the travel company has been to reduce its leverage levels.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cox & Kings under pressure after Barclays cuts target by 8%
According to the report, one of the key focus areas for the travel company has been to reduce its leverage levels.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Cox & Kings remained under pressure on Tuesday, down more than a percent intraday after Barclays reduced price target on the stock by 8 percent to Rs 330 from Rs 360 earlier, citing continuing deleveraging process.
According to the report, one of the key focus areas for the travel company has been to reduce its leverage levels. "As part of this, C&K has recently issued equity that accelerates this process further. Also, C&K’s Meininger hotels has entered into a long-term strategic tie-up with Fonciere des Regions (European REIT) to expand its footprint across Europe," Barclays explained.
Under this strategic tie-up, C&K (on December 3) said Meininger will operate hotels under its brand in a lease structure. Over the next four years, this strategic agreement could translate into up to euro 400 million total hotel investments, subject to approval by both parties on an hotel by hotel basis, through triple net long term leases, it added.
The brokerage adjusted its earnings for the equity dilution (19 percent dilution) and along with interest cost savings resulting in a net reduction in earnings per share estimates of 6 percent for FY15 and 7 percent for FY16.
Hence, it reduced the price target on the stock but retains overweight rating.
At 11:15 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 276.50, down Rs 2.50, or 0.90 percent on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Sadbhav up 4%; Kotak ups target as stock looks attractiveDec 09, 2014, 11.16 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sadbhav up 4%; Kotak ups target as stock looks attractive
According to the brokerage house, the stock looks attractive as the company's roads portfolio offers a long runway for growth with protection against surprises in traffic and cash flows.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sadbhav up 4%; Kotak ups target as stock looks attractive
According to the brokerage house, the stock looks attractive as the company's roads portfolio offers a long runway for growth with protection against surprises in traffic and cash flows.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Sadbhav Engineering (SEL) climbed as much as 4 percent intraday Tuesday after Kotak Institutional Equities raised target price on the stock to Rs 275 from Rs 230 earlier.
According to the brokerage house, the stock looks attractive as the company's roads portfolio offers a long runway for growth with protection against surprises in traffic and cash flows.
"SEL has a durable roads portfolio, benefiting from long residual life, normalized traffic risk, and well-spread and back-ended debt-repayment schedule (protects on cash flows against business volatility). Stricter norms on overloading can boost toll collections. However, the early stage of portfolio will keep the business in investment mode for another 2-3 years," Kotak explained.
According to the report, the construction business will benefit from improving execution and margin trajectory that would be supported by falling bitumen prices, an improving mix (higher share of mining) and operating leverage.
Key risks for SEL are large and uncertain contribution from the Maharashtra border check-post, potential impact of recent non-compliance of some subsidiaries with debt covenants and roads BOT opportunity in NHDP to last till FY2017.
At 10:59 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 254.35, up Rs 8.10, or 3.29 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Indian Railways to soon launch Safety App for women passengers on trainsDec 09, 2014 at 11:53am IST
Indian Railways to soon launch Safety App for women passengers on trains
30
3
New Delhi: Amid growing concern over crime incidents involving women travellers, Railways is planning to launch an app for the safety of lady passengers in trains.
The Safety App, which is being developed by CRIS, the technolgy arm of Railways, will have to be downloaded on mobile phones and can be used to send distress messages to RPF and GRP with the single press of a button, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu said today.
"Women's safety is not only Railways' but our entire society's concern. As a Railway Minister, it is my serious concern," Prabhu said after launching WiFi service at the New Delhi railway station.
The Safety App can be used to send distress messages to RPF and GRP with the single press of a button. ( Indian train , via Shutterstock)
#safety app #indian railways #cris
"We are planning to make an app operational for women passengers. If a woman passenger pushes the App (button), then the RPF or GRP will immediately get the information and prompt action can be taken. Station masters will also get the alert message," he said.
Prabhu also proposed installing of CCTV cameras in compartments as a preventive measure.
"I want CCTV on the passage of train compartments so that movement of suspicious character can be spotted and it will not be an intrusion of privacy of passengers," he said. In order to prevent open discharge on railway tracks and improve hygienic condition at rail premises, the Minister advocated use of bio-toilets in trains.
"Unfortunately the discharge of human waste is affecting the line and also causing serious health problems. That is why there is a need for use of bio-toilets in maximum trains," he said.
Though bio-toilets are currently installed in many trains, there are reports of them malfunctioning, in some cases due to the throwing of bottles and other materials into these newly set up systems.
Prabhu said Railways is also exploring options for improving the design to make them cheaper for installing them in as many trains as possible.
"We have called many known scientists and IIT directors for formulating plan for proliferation of bio-toilets in Railways. We will see if there is a need for more research and development in bio-toilets in more trains," he said, adding that Railways is looking to use science and technology to provide more and more facilities to passengers.
12

Domestic passenger car sales increased 9.52% in November: SIAMDomestic passenger car sales increased 9.52% in November: SIAM
Domestic passenger car sales increased 9.52% in November: SIAM
Total two-wheeler sales in November rose 4.89% to 13,01,431 units.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/domestic-passenger-car-sales-increased-9-52-in-november-siam-114120900088_1.html
December 09, 2014 11:28 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Domestic passenger, SIAM, two-wheeler, commercial vehicles, Motorcycle, passenger car sales
Top Story
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 10:19 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Cyberattacks to worsen in 2015: McAfee resea...cyberattacks
("The year 2014 will be remembered…)
WASHINGTON: A series of spectacular cyberattacks drew headlines this year, and the situation will only worsen in 2015 as hackers use more advanced techniques to infiltrate networks, security researchers said Tuesday.
McAfee Labs' 2015 Threats Predictions report sees increased cyber-warfare and espionage, along with new strategies from hackers to hide their tracks and steal sensitive data.
"Cyber espionage attacks will continue to increase in frequency," the report said.
"Long-term players will become stealthier information gatherers, while newcomers will look for ways to steal money and disrupt their adversaries."
McAfee said small nations and terror groups will become even more active and will "attack by launching crippling distributed denial of service attacks or using malware that wipes the master boot record to destroy their enemies' networks."
At the same time, cybercriminals will use better methods to remain hidden on a victim's network, to carry out long-term theft of data without being detected, the researchers said.
"In this way, criminals are beginning to look and act more like sophisticated nation-state cyberespionage actors, who watch and wait to gather intelligence," the report said.
The report also said hackers are looking to target more connected devices, including computers in the farming, manufacturing, and health care sectors.
"The number and variety of devices in the Internet of Things (IoT) family is growing exponentially. In the consumer space, they are now seen in appliances, automobiles, home automation, and even light bulbs," McAfee said.
McAfee said it is already seeing hackers targeting devices such as webcams with weak security and industrial control systems. But it sees health care as an especially worrisome sector.
"With the increasing proliferation of healthcare IoT devices and their use in hospitals, the threat of the loss of information contained on those devices becomes increasingly likely," the report said.
It noted that health care data "is even more valuable than credit card data" on hacker black markets.
McAfee says other threats will also grow, including "ransomware," which locks down data and forces the victim to pay a ransom to retrieve it, and attacks on mobile phone operating systems.
In the retail sector, digital payments may cut the risk of credit-card skimmers, but hackers may be able to exploit wireless systems such as Bluetooth and near field communications (NFC) used for mobile payments.
"With consumers now sending payment information over a protocol with known vulnerabilities, it is highly likely that attacks on this infrastructure will emerge in 2015," the report said.
The report comes in the wake of news about large-scale cyberattacks that have been linked to Russia or China, and a major infiltration of Sony Pictures which stole massive amounts of data.
In retail, Home Depot and others have reported data breaches affecting millions of customers.
"The year 2014 will be remembered as the year of shaken trust," said Vincent Weafer , senior vice president at Intel-owned McAfee.
"Restoring trust in 2015 will require stronger industry collaboration, new standards for a new threat landscape, and new security postures that shrink time-to-detection."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets Live: Sensex sheds 105 points on weak global cues  rising current account deficitWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

SPML Infra hits 52-week high on new orders  fund raising planSPML Infra hits 52-week high on new orders, fund raising plan
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 12:07 PM IST
SPML Infra has rallied 12% to Rs 102 after the company said it has received new orders worth Rs 267 crore and also to raise funds worth Rs 75 crore through qualified institutional placements (QIP).
“The company has won new orders worth Rs 267 crore from Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development and Finance Corporation (KUIDFC) for 24X7 water supply system for three cities, Sindhanur, Gadag-Betageri and Haveri,” SPML Infra said in a statement.
Meanwhile, the board has decided to call for Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) on 6th January 2015 seeking shareholders approval to authorize the board of directors to raise funds through QIP route for an amount not exceeding Rs 75 crore, it added.
The stock opened at Rs 90 and touched a 52-week high of Rs 104 on NSE. The trading volumes on the counter more than doubled with a combined 76,756 shares changed hands till 1204 hours on NSE and BSE.
 

Gold futures surge by 0.6% on global cuesGold futures surge by 0.6% on global cues
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 12:00 PM IST
Gold prices rose sharply by Rs 150 or 0.57% to Rs 26,618 per 10 grams in futures trade today after speculators enlarged positions taking cues from overseas markets.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in far-month April 2015 contract spurted by Rs 150, or 0.57% to Rs 26,618 per 10 gram, with a business volume of 12 lots.
Metal for delivery in February contracts moved up by Rs 144, or 0.55%, to Rs 26,505 per 10 grams, clocking a business turnover of 566 lots.
Marketmen said fresh positions built-up by speculators in tandem with overnight gains in overseas markets as signs that money supplies will rise in Europe and Asia revived demand for the precious metal, mainly led to a rise in gold futures.
Globally, gold in New York traded 0.93% higher at $1,204.20 an ounce in yesterday's trade.

Inequality worst in decades in range of countries:OECDBy: Agence-France Presse |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:14 pm
The gap between the rich and poor in a range of countries has reached its widest in 30 years and the trend has harmed growth, the OECD said today.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said in a new report that most of its 34 member countries had seen a growing widening in the inequality gap.
“In most OECD countries, the gap between rich and poor is at its highest level since 30 years,” the report said.
“Today, the richest 10 per cent of the population in the OECD area earn 9.5 times the income of the poorest 10 per cent; in the 1980s this ratio stood at 7:1 and has been rising continuously ever since.”
The OECD counts both developed and developing countries as members, including nations from the European Union as well as the United States, Turkey, Mexico and Japan. China, Brazil and India are not members.
In the couple of decades leading up to the global economic crisis, average household income grew for all OECD countries by about 1.6 per cent annually.
“However, in three quarters of OECD countries household incomes of the top 10 per cent grew faster than those of the poorest 10 per cent, resulting in widening income inequality,” the report said.
During the recent post-crisis years, average household income stagnated or fell in most member countries, it said.
The gap between the rich and poor varies widely across OECD member states and is often narrower in many Continental European nations and the Nordic countries, according to the report.
But the average income ratio between the richest 10 per cent and the poorest 10 per cent skyrockets in other member states.
It “reaches around 10 to 1 in Italy, Japan, Korea, Portugal and the United Kingdom, between 13 and 16 to 1 in Greece, Israel, Turkey and the United States, and between 27 and 30 to 1 in Mexico and Chile.”
The report argues that expanding income inequality has negatively affected the economies of member countries, estimating that it has knocked more than 10 percentage points off growth in Mexico and New Zealand.
“In the United States, the United Kingdom, Sweden, Finland and Norway, the growth rate would have been more than one fifth higher had income disparities not widened,” it said.
At the same time, according to the OECD’s calculations, greater equality helped boost GDP per capita in Spain, France and Ireland prior to the economic crisis.
The report called for anti-poverty programmes along with increased access to high-quality education, training and healthcare.

Three more persons have expressed willingness to join the mainstreamUpdated: December 9, 2014 13:17 IST
‘Three more persons have expressed willingness to join the mainstream’
Staff Correspondent
Tweet
The process to bring those into arms struggle back into the mainstream will continue, Gauri Lankesh, journalist and civil society member of the State-level committee set up to oversee implementation of surrender/assimilation and rehabilitation policy for Left Wing Extremists, has said.
“Three more persons have approached the committee expressing their willingness to join the mainstream,” she told presspersons here on Monday.
Ms. Lankesh said the names of the three could not be disclosed as their approach was yet to be studied in detail. “We have to study how serious they are in their approach and the cases they are facing,” she said.
‘Process began last year’
Regarding the process, Ms. Lankesh said efforts to bring former naxalites into the mainstream began last year when the Congress government came to power. Both Chief Minister Siddaramaiah and Home Minister K.J. George had repeatedly stated that they would welcome it if former naxalites joined the mainstream.
“We, members of the Shantigagi Nagarika Vedike, approached the State government to facilitate this and also appealed to naxalites to give up arms and join the mainstream. Both the State government and two former naxalites — Sirimane Nagaraj and Noor Zulfikar — responded positively to us. We are thankful to both the government and the two former naxalites,” she said.
The committee had recommended that the State government withdraw the case filed against Nagaraj in Sringeri police station. “It is a petty case. The State Cabinet can take a decision to withdraw it. Similarly, the committee has appealed to the State government to recommend the Centre to drop cases filed against Zulfikar. He is facing charges under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and Arms Act. The Centre has to take a decision on that,” she said.
H.S. Doreswamy, freedom fighter and member of the committee, said as both Nagaraj and Zulfikar were facing cases, they had to go through the legal process.
“If they weren’t facing any charges, the district committee could have sent them home. As there are cases, they have to face the court and follow procedure,” he said. He also highlighted that both of them joined the mainstream without expecting any monetary benefits from the government. “They have said a firm no to monetary benefits that come as part of the package announced by the State government,” he said.
Deputy Commissioner B.S. Shekharappa, Superintendent of Police R. Chetan and other officers were present.

Global jitters drag Sensex over 200 pts  Nifty below 8400Dec 09, 2014, 01.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex loses over 200 pts, Nifty weak on global jitters
Metals, infra, oil and auto stocks are dragging the indices majorly. Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, NTPC and ONGC are big laggards in the Sensex. On the gaining side are Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's Labs, TCS, M&M and Hero Moto.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex loses over 200 pts, Nifty weak on global jitters
Metals, infra, oil and auto stocks are dragging the indices majorly. Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, NTPC and ONGC are big laggards in the Sensex. On the gaining side are Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's Labs, TCS, M&M and Hero Moto.
Post your opinion here
13:02
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:50 pm Market outlook:  Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Sanjay Sinha of Citrus Advisors said the market should have consolidated much earlier. In the absence of a trigger for the bond market, which hinges on a rate cut by Reserve Bank, the market will remain in consolidation phase till third quarter numbers start coming out, he said.
If October-December quarter (Q3) results are better than the previous quarter, and if market sees a burst of liquidity, then it will find momentum which will loftily go ahead till Budget. Real correction, of around 10-15 percent, will happen after Budget, Sinha suggested.
From a 6 months perspective, Sinha says oil and sector will see some pessimism as sharp fall in crude prices is bound to throw government’s calculations haywire. Beyond that, things should improve with the NDA government dismantling the APM.
1:30 pm Auto sales: Domestic passenger car sales increased 9.52 percent to 1,56,445 units in November as compared with 1,42,849 units in the year-ago month. According to Vikram Kirloskar, President, Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM), there is improvement in April-November production numbers.
The improvement is seen across various categories in the auto sector, he adds. SIAM expects the industry to grow 12-13 percent by FY15 end. However, as per the data by SIAM, exports in the period from April to November were up only 2.79 percent though exports grew 25 percent in November. But overall, across all categories, the growth is 11.74 percent mainly led by two-wheelers and so, there is definitely some improvement in the last few months, adds Kirloskar.
Don't miss: Wider Q2 CAD no worry, rupee may push 63/USD by March, says Kotak
Global jitters grip Dalal Street as the market loses ground with the Nifty seeing almost 1 percent. The 50-share index is down 66.70 points at 8371.55. The Sensex is down 224.18 points at 27895.22. About 895 shares have advanced, 1784 shares declined, and 88 shares are unchanged.
Both midcap and smallcap indices are down over 1 percent each.
Metals, infra, oil and auto stocks drag the indices majorly. Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, NTPC and ONGC are big laggards in the Sensex. On the gaining side are Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's Labs, TCS, M&M and Hero Moto.
Chinese markets sink over 5 percent in volatile trade after rallying to a three-and-half-year high earlier in the session. Chinese yuan is set for largest single day loss since 2008. What's leading to the fall in Asian equities is the steep decline in crude prices. Brent continues to trade at 5-year lows on over supply worries.
 

ONGC Videsh  Chevron join oil  gas search in New ZealandONGC Videsh  Chevron join oil  gas search in New Zealand
No ban on Uber in city yet but more norms await cabsNo ban on Uber in city yet but more norms await cabs
Troubled Tesco warns on profit againTroubled Tesco warns on profit again
Reuters
Tweet
LONDON, Dec 9:  
Troubled British grocer Tesco has warned on full year profit again, slashing its full-year outlook by almost a third in the latest downgrade sparked by an accounting scandal and intense competition in its home market.
The firm, the world's no.3 retailer, said on Tuesday that on the basis of the changes and investments it has made to date it now anticipates group trading profit for the financial year ending February 2015 will not exceed 1.4 billion pounds ($2.2 billion).
According to its website analysts were previously forecasting a consensus group trading profit of 1.94 billion pounds for the 2014-15 year.
The firm said that in recent weeks is has implemented new policies and procedures which will govern its commercial income activities and has taken actions to invest in and improve its customer offer.
Customers seeking to save money in a sluggish economy have turned away from the market leader to discounters such as Aldi and Lidl, igniting a price war in British grocery shopping and contributing to a series of Tesco profit warnings.
It said that when it reported interim results on Oct. 23 it highlighted that full year profitability would be impacted by actions it may choose to take and that the commercial income overstatement would affect second half results as it revisited its plans with the new management team, led by Chief Executive Dave Lewis.
Tesco said its new commercial approach would underpin stronger long-term relationships with its suppliers to ensure that revenue recognition is transparent and appropriate.
It added that is has invested further in service, with more than 6,000 more staff in stores, increased product availability on key lines and invested in price.
"The early feedback from customers is encouraging," it said.
Tesco said it will share more detail about the measures it plans to take to improve the competitiveness of the UK customer offer and to strengthen its balance sheet on Jan. 8.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

EU luxury sector thrives despite downturnEuropean luxury sector thrives despite wider downturn
Kadhim Shubber
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/10d612cc-7ef3-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India the brightest spot in Asia Pacific region: Standard &PoorsBy: Press Trust of India | Washington |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:22 pm
India has emerged as the brightest spot in the Asia Pacific region as reform has picked up pace in the country in recent months, a top credit rating agency has said.
“India has been the region’s brightest spot since our last report. After a modest beginning, Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi’s government has picked up the pace of reform, eliminating the diesel subsidy in early November, liberalising foreign investment into the insurance sector, and curbing discretionary government spending for the second half of the current fiscal year,” the Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services said.
Confidence has improved and growth momentum is now at around seven per cent, S&P said in its latest quarterly updates on credit conditions in North America, the Asia-Pacific region, Latin America and Europe.
In the Asia Pacific region, Australia’s GDP growth continues to trend at around three per cent, buoyed by reasonably solid consumption and still-strong real exports, despite falling iron ore prices, it said.
Banks and bond investors appear incrementally cautious and selective with their investments throughout the region.
“Our issuer ratings outlook eased slightly to a net negative bias of 11 per cent at the end of October, in line with receding concerns about India. However, the ratio remains high compared to other regions. Cyclical industries such as transportation, building materials, chemicals, real estate development, and capital goods have above-average negative biases,” the agency said.
Some Asia-Pacific economies, it said, are ending 2014 on a relatively lower note than expected, as China’s growth momentum slows under a weaker property market, Japan slips into recession, and external demand has yet to meaningfully improve.
Financial sector turbulence arising from China’s property sector could have effects beyond China.
While a stronger US recovery is export-positive, the concurrent higher hike in the Fed Funds rate could cause stress if not managed, it said.
“Against this backdrop, we see the credit cycle continuing to adjust to slower economic prospects, as well as high household and corporate debt in several countries weighing on some sectors’ credit outlooks,” it said.
The US economic recovery is strengthening, and Standard & Poor’s expects this trend to continue in the fourth quarter and through 2015, boosted by growing momentum in the labor and housing markets.

China stocks plunge 5%; Sensex sinks over 200 points; 20 betsChina stocks crack, Sensex takes a dive; top 20 intraday trading bets
ET Now Dec 9, 2014, 03.09PM IST
Tags:
Century Textiles Ltd
(Sensex slipped as much as…)
MUMBAI: A sudden sell-off in Chinese markets led to a correction in other Asian markets, including India. The Nifty slipped below 8,350 and was trading at its November 20 lows.
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 334 points and was trading below its crucial psychological support level of 28000, led by losses in ONGC, L&T, ITC, ICICI Bank and SBI.
"China said lower-rated bonds can no longer be used as collateral for some short-term loans, sparking a selloff in riskier debt that spread to government notes and stocks. The yuan fell the most since 2008," Bloomberg reported.
According to analysts, Chinese market had surged 9 per cent last week and some profit booking was expected. However, the sharp fall of over 6 per cent intraday has made investors cautious.
Shanghai Composite Index closed down 5.43 percent, or 163.99 points, at 2,856.27 on turnover of 793.4 billion yuan ($128.2 billion).
At 03:06 p.m., the S&P BSE Sensex was trading at 27,802.56; down 316.84 points.
The Nifty was trading at 8,339.05, down 99.2 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 1.70 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 1.73 per cent.
The S&P BSE Metal Index was down 2.75 per cent, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index fell 1.96 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index was 2.7 per cent lower.
Sesa Sterlite (5 per cent), Bharti Airtel (3.7 per cent), Tata Power (4.7 per cent), ONGC (4.3 per cent) and Hindalco (3.7 per cent) were among the major Nifty losers.
Sun Pharma (up 1.3 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.44 per cent), HCL Technologies (up 0.46 per cent), TCS (up 0.42 per cent) and M&M (up 0.58 per cent) were among the major Nifty gainers.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical and Ranbaxy Laboratories gained momentum after the Competition Commission of India approved merger of Sun Pharma with Ranbaxy on the condition that the companies divest seven select brands in the Indian drug market.
The market breadth was negative on the NSE with 446 gainers against 1046 losers.
Profit booking in Asian markets picked up after sell-off in China. The Shanghai Composite plunged 5.43 per cent and Hang Seng was 2.36 per cent lower.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 224
Hindustan Zinc is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 181 and a stop loss of Rs 166
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 169
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 490 and a stop loss of Rs 525
 
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 345 and a stop loss of Rs 327
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 184 and a stop loss of Rs 173
India Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 83 and a stop loss of Rs 91.50
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 630 and a stop loss of Rs 663
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 342 and a stop loss of Rs 324
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 257
State Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 307 and a stop loss of Rs 314
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst, Sharekhan
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 244 and a stop loss of Rs 223
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 71
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 273 and a stop loss of Rs 252
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 266 and a stop loss of Rs 253
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 506 and a stop loss of Rs 532
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1140
Ankit Chaudhary, Senior Tech Analyst, Analyse India
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 94
Radico Khaitan Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 90
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 380
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

USDINR pair may slip towards 61.30 in coming days : EmkayLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
USDINR pair may slip towards 61.30 in coming days : Emkay
According to Emkay Global Financial USDINR pair is now expected to have trend line resistance at 62.00 and as far as trading below this level should trade lower. Daily close below 61.70 again will confirm downtrend towards 61.30 in coming days, says the report.
Post your opinion here
 
Emkay Global Financial Report on Currency
USDINR pair gave closed below trend line support in daily chart and faced resistance at 62.00. Pair now expected to have trend line resistance at 62.00 and as far as trading below this level should trade lower. Daily close below 61.70 again will confirm downtrend towards 61.30 in coming days.
Today pair is expected to have intraday resistance at 61.85-61.88 and should remain weak as far as trading below 62.00 level, On lower side pair need to sustain below 61.70 to further slide towards 61.60.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Fourth profits warning from TescoTesco issues fourth profit warning in a year
Andrea Felsted, David Oakley and Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f7fe75c0-7f72-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple s founder  the  Other Steve   debunks myths«Back
Apple's founder, the 'Other Steve', debunks myths
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
In 1976, The Apple 1 computer goes on sale for a retail price of $666.66. Steve Wozniak, who co-founded Apple with Steve Jobs and designed that product, remembers the early days. Bloomberg Businessweek chronicles the most disruptive ideas of the past 85 years
Top Stories

Google to replace CAPTCHAs with click featureGoogle to replace CAPTCHAs with single click feature
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 20:55 IST
Google is set to get rid of CAPTCHA feature that asked users to confirm they are humans by typing in barely legible words and numbers.
The search engine giant is now introducing a new API text that will require users to just check a box that says, "I'm not a robot", a report by Tech Crunch said.
The new API is already live on a few websites including Snapchat, WordPress and Humble Bundle.
According to the report, Google decided to trash the old Captchas because they weren't as good at keeping robots at bay. The advanced robots today could solve Captchas with 99.8 per cent accuracy.
The old Captchas will now only appear when Google's algorithms are unsure if you are indeed human.
For now, websites can either choose to stick to the old experience or switch to the new API.

New job search app takes a leaf out of Tinder  mixes it with LinkedInWritten by Nandagopal Rajan |
Posted: December 6, 2014 10:42 am
The success of blind dating app Tinder seems to be spawning more swipe through app ideas. The latest to have caught our eye is “job and job seeker discovery application” nspHire. Incidentally, the app has been developed by a Kochi-based firm though it belongs to a Chicago-based startup.
In an email interaction, CEO Dan Mullaney said the idea of “Tinder-esque app for job search” came about when he was working on his earlier MBA Project Search startup. “We sourced thousands of MBA candidates for recruiters and employers. But the process was extremely time-consuming. Part of the process that slowed us down significantly was the simple task of resume scanning: opening a resume, looking at the high-level criteria, and making a decision to take a finer look or to move on. Then, if you decided a candidate was a good fit, you’d have to reach out to that person, trade e-mails back and forth, make phone calls, possibly only to realise that there was something you missed, and perhaps that candidate wasn’t the right fit at all. We were good at what we did, but the process could be time consuming and demoralizing,” he said.
Learning from this, the nspHire app uses the LinkedIn API to allow candidates to quickly create a profile page with work history, education and skills while employers get to post jobs. Both employers and job seekers use left swipes to pass or right swipes to indicate interest.  If both candidate and employer swipe each other right, they’re a mutual match and can chat in app.  “The app is totally free for job seekers.  Employers can post for free, search resumes listings for free, and swipe resumes listings for free.  We charge employers $.99 to unlock the chat window to message with a mutual match,” says Mullaney.
Mullaney had worked with the Kochi developer for one of his earlier ventures called HiredMD. “In fact, I didn’t consider anyone else.  And, my experience with them on nspHire was very much the same.  They helped evolve the idea, added valuable input from design to build-out,” he says adding that the project was completeed in about six months.   I trust that these guys will deliver on anything that they promise and, in deed, do more than expected.  Total development time was roughly 6 months.  And, as far as selection on first project, we decided to go with them based on trust developed during several conversations and the subsequent thorough project plan.  I was very impressed with their emphasis on project management and attention to detail as evidenced by their proposal and project scope.
The nspHire app, which is now available for iOS and Android, has privacy settings to allow for anonymous searching and job seekers can hide picture, name and other details. Employers have similar, but slightly different privacy features.  “We launched the iOS version in NOvember and we are starting to on-board continued…

Sun-Ranbaxy merger gets conditional nodHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sun-Ranbaxy merger gets conditional nod
Our Bureau
Will have to divest seven drug formulations in relevant markets
New Delhi, December 8:  
The Competition Commission of India has approved the Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy merger with some caveats.
According to the conditions imposed by the Commission, the merged entity will have to divest seven drug formulations in which its combined market share goes up to 95 per cent, resulting in a monopoly.
The seven formulations include tamsulosin + tolterodine (combined market share of 90-95 per cent); rosuvastatin + ezetimibe (90-95 per cent); and leuprorelin (85-90 per cent). The others which adversely impact the market but their share is less than 80 per cent are terlipressin (65-70 per cent); olanzapine + fluoxetine (65-70 per cent); levosulpiride + esomeprazole (60-65 per cent); and olmesartan + amlodipine + hydroclorthiazide (40-45 per cent).
Acknowledging that the CCI approval was a step ahead, the companies said these products constitute less than 1 per cent of the combined entity's revenues in India.
This $4-billion agreement is the first merger deal where CCI had sought opinion from the public.In a statement, CCI said: “The Commission in its meeting held on December 5 approved the proposed merger between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy, subject to the parties inter alia carrying out the divestiture of their products relating to seven relevant markets for formulations.”
Dilip Shanghvi, Managing Director of Sun Pharma, and Arun Sawhney, CEO & Managing Director of Ranbaxy, in a joint statement said, “The approval by CCI is a significant step forward. We are confident that post closure, the combined entity will enable sustainable long-term growth and deliver immense value for all stakeholders.”
According to the terms inked between Ranbaxy and Sun Pharmaceuticals in April, each Ranbaxy shareholder will get 0.8 shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals for every share of Ranbaxy.
On May 6, the CCI received a notice from Sun Pharmaceuticals and Ranbaxy Laboratories for the proposed merger of Ranbaxy with Sun Pharma.
While giving its nod the Commission said, on the basis of combined market share of the parties, the investigation focussed on some relevant markets for formulations where the proposed combination was likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India.
In addition to these relevant markets, the Commission also investigated two pipeline products of Ranbaxy and possibility of any vertical foreclosure in the market for active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs).
On the basis of the replies submitted by the parties, the Commission decided that the adverse effect of the proposed combination on competition can be eliminated by suitable modification under the provisions of the Competition Act, 2002, it added.
The deal got the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) nod on December 2. It is likely to create the fifth-largest pharmaceutical company in the world and the largest in India.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Assembly elections: Brisk polling in Jammu and Kashmir  JharkhandComments
Millions of voters defied a separatist call to boycott assembly elections in Kashmir and voted amid tight security in the third phase of the polls on Tuesday, but the turnout was lower than the first two rounds with voters in separatist stronghold staying away.
Kashmiri voters queue at a polling station in Handwara, about 70 kms north of capital Srinagar. (AFP photo)
The Election Commission said 58% of voters turned up to cast their ballot, lower than record over 70% numbers in the first two phases when Kashmiris battled bone-chilling winter temperatures in a bid to keep the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from gaining in the Muslim-majority state.
Sixteen constituencies in the Valley went to the polls under the shadow of violence after 21 people were killed in a string of militant attacks last week, including one on an army camp in the border town of Uri, but that didn’t stop people in central Kashmir where the turnout was a high 73%. Uri recorded a record high turnout of 79% while the highest percentage in the state was in Charar-i-Sharief were 82% of people came out to vote.
Militant attacks and poll boycott cast a shadow on voter turnout in many areas including the separatist bastions of Sopore and Baramulla in North Kashmir and South Kashmir's Tral and Pulwama.
Sopore logged the lowest numbers at 30 percent while Tral and Pulwama recorded 38 percent voting and Baramulla was moderate at 45 percent. Sopore is the hometown of separatist leader Syed Ali Shah and Tral was one of the worse affected in Friday’s militant attacks, with two civilians killed and 10 injured in a grenade attack in a crowded market.
Many people said they were voting for peace and development in Kashmir which has been torn by a separatist revolt for about 25 years.
"We have borne the brunt of wars between the two countries. The Kashmir issue is too big and complex to be resolved by my vote. Our village got road this year only. Earlier we used to trek on foot. I am voting for a pakka road and hope to see some employment generation here," said Muhammad Hanief, a 50-year-old government employee.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and three of his cabinet colleagues are among 144 candidates whose fate will be decided in the third phase of polling spread across the three districts Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla districts.
The Abdullah scion, however, faces tough competition from Congress which is banking on the local credentials of candidate Nazir Ahmad Khan. Analysts say his National Conference is widely expected to lose in the face of deep anger in the state, especially since the devastating floods in September, while the Peoples Democratic Party is seen emerging as the single largest party in the 87-member assembly.
Some areas in South and North Kashmir witnessed stone pelting and a petrol bomb was hurled by unidentified men at a polling station in Gulmarg constituency. No casualties were reported in the incident, but polling was generally peaceful.
PDP patron Mufti Muhammad Sayeed said the massive turnout was "not only a message to the divisive forces but also an assertion to resolve problems democratically".
“Jammu and Kashmir is sending out a loud and clear massage not only to the divisive forces but also that it wants the problems facing the state resolved through the democratic process," Sayeed said in Khiram area of Bijbehara constituency.
Jharkhand too defied a Maoist call to boycott the polls with 61.35% of voters turning out to vote in 17 constituencies in a bid to end years of political instability in the state which has seen nine chief ministers and been under President’s Rule three times since it was created 14 years ago.
Barring a few incidents of exchange of gunfire between security forces and Maoists in Giridih district and clashes between two political parties in Ichagarh before polling began, the third round passed off peacefully.
A total of 289 candidates are contesting 17 out of the state’s 81 assembly seats, including former chief ministers Babulal Marandi, former deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato, former assembly speaker CP Singh and three cabinet ministers—Annapurna Devi, Rajendra Prasad Singh and Jaiprakash Bhai Patel.

HCL Tech signs 30-mth contract with Washingt...Business Partnership
(As part of the deal, HCL will…)
NEW DELHI: India's fourth-largest information technology company HCL Technologies said it signed a 30-month agreement with WGL Holdings' unit Washington Gas, which distributes natural gas to about 1.1 million customers in the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia in the United States .
As part of the deal, whose value was not diclosed, HCL will modernize the billing software for Washington Gas' legacy mainframe customer care and billing software. Washington Gas will also replace its scheduling and dispatch mobile workforce software with a single, integrated and more efficient platform for utility billing.
"HCL offers an impressive track record of SAP CRM and billing implementations for major utilities as well as a flexible and experienced deployment team to help us meet our goals," said Nassar Akari - Division Head, Business Transformation Office for Washington Gas.
"This program entails transformation that goes beyond system replacement by addressing the rising expectations of consumers and business benefits. We look forward to partnering with Washington Gas to deliver a digital transformation that will help boost its customer service delivery, leveraging Washington Gas' technology platform investments , and help meet the company's operational goals," said Todd Crandall , Executive Vice President, Public Services at HCL.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rooftop solar take-up no threat to Australian power companies over the next five years: Moody sRooftop solar take-up no threat to Australian power companies over the next five years: Moody's Report
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | December 09, 2014 11:16 IST
Moody's says the future growth in solar installation will be driven by changes in the net cost of solar panels, which in turn will be subject to changes in technology, the network-pricing model, and the feed-in tariff.
 
 
Moody's Investors Service says that while the increased use of solar panels by individual consumers will lower energy consumption levels from the power grid, any adverse impact on utility networks, generators and retailers is not likely to be significant over the next five years.
"Notwithstanding the increasing popularity of rooftop solar, regulated networks will remain essential to electricity users until more affordable storage equipment becomes available to allow users to switch off from the power grid", says Spencer Ng, a Moody's Vice President and Senior Analyst.
"The continued importance of networks to its users is a fundamental underpin to the supportive regulatory environment in Australia", Ng adds.
"For electricity retailers and power generators, we expect their earnings to face gradual downward pressure over time, as output from rooftop panels lowers retail demand and reduces occurrence of peak prices in the wholesale electricity market," says Ng.
Moody's conclusions are contained in its just-released report titled "Australian Power Industry: Increased Rooftop Solar Penetration Presents Long-Term Challenges for Power Industry," and is authored by Ng.
Moody's report points out that solar panels account for less than 5% of total electricity generation in Australia at present. Moody's therefore believes the increased generation of solar power by consumers will have little impact on the electricity industry over at least the next five years, after considering the high cost elasticity of uptake and likelihood that supportive government energy policies towards solar panels will be unwound over time.
Moody's says the future growth in solar installation will be driven by changes in the net cost of solar panels, which in turn will be subject to changes in technology, the network-pricing model, and the feed-in tariff; the last factor of which relates to the tariff that households can earn from sending electricity they generate back into the grid.
Uptake for solar panels moderated in 2014, after state governments reduced the rebates and tariffs that households can earn from sending electricity they generate back into the grid.
Moody's report further points out that the centralized network is still essential to individuals who produce their own solar power, because most solar household would still need the network to supplement and back up their rooftop generation as well as to facilitate the sale of excess energy back to grid during peak production periods.

Oil price hits 5-year lows; pressure global currenciesOil price slump puts pressure on commodity-linked currencies, Asian shares
Wayne Cole     Sydney   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 14:24 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Oil prices plummeted to five-year lows on Tuesday, pressuring commodity-linked currencies and most Asian shares as a bout of risk aversion rippled through world markets.
The urge for safety gave a rare boost to the Japanese yen which edged higher with particularly large gains on the troubled Australian and New Zealand dollars.
Much of the action was in oil where a glut of supply has seen the fuel's prices fall for almost six months now, so pressuring energy stocks and commodity-related assets globally.
Oil prices are likely to remain around US $65 a barrel for the next six  to seven months until the global economy recovers or the Organization of  Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) changes its production policy, the  head of Kuwait's state oil company said.
Brent crude prices fell by 86 cents to US $65.33 a barrel, while US crude futures dipped another 70 cents to US $62.35. Both had already tumbled over 4 per cent on Monday on expectations that a deepening oil glut would keep prices under pressure into 2015.
While falling energy prices are a boon for consumer spending power in most parts of the world, it was bad news for resource stocks like Australia's Santos which fell almost 8 per cent.
The pain spread across the main Australian share index which dipped 1.5 per cent, while MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan eased 0.8 per cent to a seven-week trough.
Japan's Nikkei fell 0.7 per cent, but that follows a run of hefty gains which took it to the highest since mid-2007.
Chinese shares have also been on a tear and Tuesday was no different as the CSI300 index powered up another 3 per cent to peaks last visited in April 2011. It has now climbed by a third in just three weeks.
On Monday, Dow Jones had fallen 0.59 per cent, while the S&P 500 was down 0.73 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.84 per cent.
In currency markets, the yen benefited as nervous speculators cut back on short positions. The dollar faded to 120.19 yen, and away from Monday's high of 121.86, while the euro retreated to 148.00.
The Australian dollar was a major loser, reflecting the country's position as a major commodity exporter, and slid a full yen to 99.11.
Not helping risk appetite was a Wall Street Journal report that US Federal Reserve officials were seriously considering dropping an assurance that short-term interest rates will stay near zero for a 'considerable time'.
Such a move would be taken as a sign the US central bank was on target to start raising interest rates around the middle of 2015, a view that has gained great traction since last week's surprisingly strong payrolls report .
Yields on two-year Treasury debt have spiked to highs not seen since April 2011 while the whole yield curve has flattened markedly as investors wager US Fed action will keep inflation low over the long run.
The lack of inflationary pressure combined with a rising US dollar kept gold on the back foot. Spot prices were stuck at US $1,200 on Tuesday after shedding a couple of bucks the previous session.
(Reuters)

NTPC signs Rs 3 000 crore loan agreementsNTPC signs Rs 3,000 crore loan agreements with HDFC Bank and Syndicate Bank
ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 12.56PM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(NTPC said it has signed…)
NEW DELHI: State-run NTPC, the country's biggest power generator, has signed term loan agreements worth Rs 3,000 crore with two banks to part finance its capital expenditure.
In a statement issued on Tuesday, NTPC said it has signed a term loan agreement for Rs 2,000 crore with HDFC Bank and a similar agreement for Rs 1,000 crore with Syndicate Bank .
The loans have a "door-to-door" tenure of 15 years, NTPC said. Door-to-door tenure implies the total period, including moratorium, within which the amount borrowed has to be repaid.
NTPC expects capital spending of Rs 22,400 crore in the year to March 2014. It had spent Rs 21,705 crore on capital expenditure last fiscal.
The company, which is generating 43,128 MW of electricity at present, has formulated a long-term corporate plan to become a 128,000 MW company by 2032. It already has about 22,414 MW under implementation in line with the plan, according to information posted on its website.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi rape: Uber  Ola and TaxiForSure cabs on Capital s roads despite banUber, Ola and TaxiForSure cabs on Delhi's roads despite ban
Atul Mathur , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 11:57 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 14:16 IST(9/12/2014)
Comments
All internet-based taxi firms were banned in Delhi after a passenger was allegedly raped by a driver contracted to US online cab company Uber, but the web apps of these firms continued to function.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
Delhi's transport department first banned Uber on Monday and then cracked down on Ola Cabs, Taxi for Sure and TaxiPixi , but Uber, Ola and Taxi for Sure continued to book passengers through their apps.
Hindustan Times booked cabs with Ola, Uber and Taxi for Sure on Tuesday morning for different destinations and also received confirmation messages and emails from the two companies. The Delhi government, it appears, is still trying to figure out how to implement its orders.
— Neha Gupta (@nehagupta2918) December 9, 2014
TaxiforSure banned but you can still book a cab! pic.twitter.com/8Tg4b79Efh
— Neha Mahajan (@nehamahajan05) December 9, 2014
Banned cabs still plying on Delhi roads. This one seen at India Gate around midday today. @htTweets #DelhiRape pic.twitter.com/LVOCNcUJXy
— Krittivas Mukherjee (@Krittivasm) December 9, 2014
A senior transport department official said the companies themselves should take note of its public notice and stop plying cabs.
"We will soon have discussions with the information technology department to understand the provisions of the IT Act under which we can prevent Uber application to be downloaded on smartphones or from being used to book cabs," said a transport department official who did not want to be named as he is not authorised to speak to the media.
While Ola Cabs did not respond to phone calls, text messages and an email sent to them, a source close to Uber said they will continue to operate unless they get a communication from the government.
Meanwhile, union home ministry has also asked the governments of other states to prohibit activities of web-based transport companies.
According to a transport department notification, only six radio taxi operators - Meru, Mega, Chanson, Yo, Air and ?Easy - are authorised to run radio taxi services in Delhi.
"All other transport service providers through web based technology, who are not recognised, are prohibited from providing such services till they get licence from the transport department," the notification said.
Uber, Ola Cabs, Taxi for Sure and TaxiPixi are mobile-application based cab booking services that have been operating in Delhi since the past few months. According to an estimate, close to 10,000 taxis are associated with these applications.

Technofab Engineering surges on new ordersTechnofab Engineering surges on new orders
Cricket: Australia 354 for 6 at close in 1st TestCricket: Australia 354 for 6 at close in 1st Test
Gold rises by Rs 150 to Rs 26 618 per 10 grams in futures tradeGold rises by Rs 150 to Rs 26 618 per 10 grams in futures trade
American city sues Uber for illegal operationAmerican city sues Uber for illegal operation
PTI
Video: Delhi Rape Case - Protests continue as govt bans Uber cab services
Washington, Dec 9:  
International taxi-booking service Uber, which has been banned in Delhi after a woman passenger accused one of its drivers of rape, has been sued by the US city of Portland for operating its service illegally.
The city of Portland in Oregon sued Uber, three days after the California-based ride sharing service launched its widely publicised service last Friday.
In its lawsuit, the city of Portland asked the court to declare that the ride provider is subject to city regulations and can’t operate in it until it complies with city rules.
The Portland Mayor Charlie Hales, argued that the city’s main concern is public health and safety.
“Our main concern is public health and safety, because the state invested in the cities the responsibility to do that. Beyond that, though, is the issue of fairness. Taxi cab companies follow rules on public health and safety,” he said.
“So do hotels and restaurants and construction companies and scores of other service providers. Because everyone agrees: good regulations make for a safer community. Uber disagrees, so we’re seeking a court injunction,” Hales said.
After the lawsuit was filed, Transportation Commissioner Steve said the city is prepared to issue civil and criminal penalties against Uber and its drivers for operating without required permits and inspections.
Portland requires permits for drivers and companies that offer taxi or executive sedan service within the city limits.
“If Uber thinks there should be no maximum price on what they charge Portlanders, they should make their case to the Portland City Council. If Uber thinks taxi companies shouldn’t have to serve people with disabilities, they should make their case. If Uber thinks taxis should not have to have proper insurance in case of a crash, they should tell us why we should allow that,” Novick said.
The lawsuit asked the Court to order Uber to stop operating in Portland until it is in compliance with the city’s safety, health and consumer protection rules.
Earlier another city in Oregon – Eugene – had asked Uber to cease its operation.
Uber was banned from operating in Delhi after the passenger accused one of its drivers of rape.
Similarly, Dutch judges banned UberPOP, which allows non-professional drivers to register with Uber via a mobile phone and offer trips in their own cars at half the price of a regular cab.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Abhijeet Group creditors asked to join winding-upcasePrint
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:27 pm
Former employees of Abhijeet Group companies Corporate Ispat and Alloys (CIAL) and Corporate Power (CPL) who have filed a winding-up petition in the Calcutta High Court have requested the bankers of the two companies to send in their views on the petition before the next hearing. Meanwhile, the management at State Bank of India (SBI) told FE the bank was scouting for buyers for the loss-making companies.
Banks have a total exposure of close to R6,400 crore to the two companies which had sought a loan recast via the corporate debt restructuring (CDR) cell but were turned down after they failed to rope in fresh investors. CIAL reported a loss of R65.71 crore in FY13 on a revenue of R249.5 crore, a fall of 21%.
In an advertisement published in a Kolkata-based English daily, the petitioners have urged other creditors — lenders and other former employees whose dues have not been cleared — to file affidavits in court. The advertisement read: “Any creditor…desirous of supporting or opposing the making of an order on the said petition should send to the petitioner or his advocate notice of his intention…” The hearing is scheduled for January 12.
In an order dated September 2, 2014, in the CPL case, justice Biswanath Somadder of the Calcutta High Court said, “The statutory notice has not been replied to. The company’s admission of liability is palpable from the emails exchanged between the parties as also from the company’s lack of response to the statutory notice.” The judge added there was no hesitation to hold that the company is liable to pay the sum as stated in the statutory notice and having failed to pay the said sum, the company is liable to be wound up.
A lawyer at one of the city’s top firms explained that if other creditors do not file affidavits and join the winding-up process before the first hearing, they would need to file a separate application seeking inclusion. Nine banks have loaned R4,712 crore to CPL while 21 banks, led by SBI, have an exposure of around R1,652 crore to CIAL. The Manoj Jayaswal-led Abhijeet Group is allegedly among the biggest beneficiaries of the controversial coal block allotments; the company got blocks in Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh.
CIAL operates a sponge iron plant and a solar power unit while CPL is primarily into coal-based power plants.
Two former employees, Nitol Das and Rajendra Kumar, employed by CIAL and CPL, respectively, had moved the court with a winding-up petition in July this year seeking compensation for unpaid salaries. The court, on August 26, had admitted the petition against CIAL, after which the company filed a recalling petition, which was eventually dismissed by the court on November 7.
Das has sought Rs 17.9 lakh from CIAL, while Kumar filed the petition on July 16 against CPL seeking compensation of more than Rs 6.43 lakh towards payment of his salary with an interest of 7% per annum. “The interest is to be calculated from the date of statutory notice, till date of actual continued…

Gionee Marathon M3 review: Ready  to shift to a weekly rechargecyclePosted: December 9, 2014 1:27 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 10:58 am
 
Gionee surely loves to create records. After making the world’s slimmest smartphones, Elife S5.5 and Elife S5.1, Gionee is now aiming to achieve the ‘smartphone with best battery life’ title with its Marathon M3 handset. This smartphone is powered by a 5,000 mAh battery and promises a month of standby battery backup. It can be used to charge other phones as well through OTG.  But can the Marathon M3 actually deliver its promise? Let’s check out.
Quick specs: Android 4.4.2 OS |  5-inch 720p IPS display | 1.3 GHz quad-core MediaTek MT 6582 CPU | 1GB RAM | 8GB internal memeory expandable up to 128 GB | 8MP rear camera| 2MP front camera | 5000 mAh battery
Price: Rs 12,999
Design: Gionee has totally focused on delivering good battery life, maybe at the cost of design. The Marathon M3 looks like any another smartphone in the sub Rs 15,000 price category. The 5-inch smartphone is easy to hold, but  at 180 grams it is a bit heavy thanks to the massive 5000 mAh battery. The build quality is good. The back cover, which can be removed, hides two SIM card slots, a microSD card slot and a reset button. The battery cannot be removed. This is not a slim device by any stretch of your imagination.
Display: The Marathon M3 features a 5-inch 720p IPS display at a pixel density of 294 ppi. Overall, the display is decent. However, at full brightness, the colours were not accurate and a bit more whitish. Outdoor visibility is average and you might have to put the screen at maximum brightness under direct sunlight to operate the device. The viewing angles are good.
Performance: The phone comes with an average spec sheet. The 1.3 GHz quad-core MediaTek MT 6582 with 1GB RAM scored an average 17708 on AnTuTu Benchmark (v5.3). The overall experience was not all that smooth. I witnessed ghost touches (touches with no response), app crashes and sometimes I had to make an extra effort to literally pull down the notification panel.
Keeping these flaws aside, the phone performed well while doing regular stuff. Heavy games like Dead Trigger 2, Dead Target, Gunship Battle and Blood and Glory worked smoothly. So, the hardware doesn’t disappoint on the gaming front.
The Multi-media performance is surprisingly good. I watched several movies through the OTG without any lag at all. The speaker is loud and audio quality is decent at this price.
The phone runs Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system with Gionee’s custom UI. The notification panel includes a lot of handy shortcuts and users will mostly like the UI.  Overall, the performance is satisfactory, however, be prepared for some occasional glitches.
Camera: The 8MP camera does a decent job at normal lighting. However, low light images produced a lot of grains. The camera is capable of capturing good macro shots. Low light HDR shots produced good colours but grainy. The front 2 MP camera is continued…

Sensex  Nifty hit lowest level in almost three weeksSensex  Nifty hit lowest level in almost three weeks
IL&FS Engineering withdraws rights issue applicationIL&FS Engineering withdraws rights issue application
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
IL&FS Engineering and Construction Company has withdrawn its proposed rights issue application, through which it was looking to raise up to Rs 300 crore.
The company had filed its draft papers with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) in March this year.
However, the company through its lead merchant banker Edelweiss Financial Services Ltd withdrew its offer documents on December 4 this year, as per the latest update available with SEBI.
The company was planning to raise up to Rs 300 crore by issuing equity shares on a rights basis to its existing shareholders.
Under a rights issue, stocks are issued to existing investors of an entity as per their holding at a pre-determined price and ratio.
IL&FS Engineering and Construction was planning to utilise the funds from the issue towards redemption of preference shares, repayment/pre-payment of certain loans availed by the company and to meet issue expenses.
As per the draft document, the company had already received an “in-principle” approval from the BSE and the NSE for listing the rights issue.
The company is engaged in the business of providing engineering procurement and construction (EPC) services in India.
It executes projects under various domains such as buildings and structures, roads, railways, irrigation, power, ports as well as oil & gas.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Carlyle buys majority stake in Chennai-based Newgen KnowledgeWorksHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Carlyle buys majority stake in Chennai-based Newgen KnowledgeWorks
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, December 9:  
The Carlyle Group has acquired a 54.85 per cent stake in Chennai-based Newgen KnowledgeWorks Pvt Ltd, a provider of publishing and technical services for $32.8 million.
Equity for the transaction comes from First Carlyle Ventures III, an investment fund advised by The Carlyle Group, it said in a statement.
Carlyle has acquired the stake held by Franklin Templeton Private Equity Strategy, Aureos South Asia Fund and ePlanet Capital in Newgen. Carlyle had earlier invested in Newgen in 2004 and exited its investment in 2011.
Prabhakar Ram, Founder & CEO of Newgen said: “Newgen has emerged as a preferred service provider for its clients due to its high service quality, efficiency and focus on automation. We are extremely happy to partner with Carlyle again, which engaged in numerous value creation activities and acted as a catalyst in the growth of the company during its previous stint with Newgen.”
Since 2000, Carlyle had invested about $1.1 billion of equity through 30 transactions in India as of September 30, 2014.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Jenson & Nicholson reappoints BC Srivastava as MD for 3 yearsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Jenson & Nicholson reappoints BC Srivastava as MD for 3 years
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 9:  
Jenson & Nicholson (India) in a communication to the stock exchanges said its board of directors on October 31 re-appointed B C Srivastava as Managing Director for a term of three years with effect from November 3.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

TIME drops PM Modi from  Person of the Year  listPM Narendra Modi out of race for Time 'Person of the Year' honour
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 14:57 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is out of the race of being adjudged Time 'Person of the Year' for 2014.
The American weekly magazine unveiled on Monday its eight finalists for the 2014 edition that include the Ferguson protesters, doctors and nurses treating Ebola victims and Apple CEO Tim Cook.
The winner is due to be announced Wednesday. According to the magazine, the title will be given to those who have, for good or for ill, "most influenced the  news and our lives in the past year".
Others who made it to the final list , announced by the magazine's managing editor Nancy Gibbs, are Russian President Vladimir Putin, pop singer Taylor Swift, National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell, Alibaba Founder and CEO Jack Ma and Masoud Barzani, president of Iraqi Kurdistan since 2005.
CHECK OUT: TIME's brief on why the final contenders made it to the list
PM Modi, however, added another feather to his cap.
Days after being named Asian of the Year by a Singaporean daily, the prime minister won Time's readers' poll of who the Person of the Year should be.
Modi won with over 16 per cent of all votes cast on the magazine's website.

Bajaj set to hike prices of Platina andDiscoverBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:58 pm
Bajaj Auto is planning to hike the prices of its entry level 100-150cc commuter bikes. The Pune-based manufacturer is contemplating on increasing the prices of Platina and Discover range of motorcycles, which include Discover 100 M, Discover 125 M, Discover 150 S and Discover 150F. The prices for all these bikes are set to increase from January 2015 onwards, though Bajaj Auto hasn’t disclosed by what margin the prices will be increased.
Confirming the news of price hike of both the Platina as well as Discover range, Eric Vas, President, Bajaj Auto Ltd, said, “We are planning to hike prices of Discover and Platina models in January. We have not hiked the prices of these models so far. We haven’t decided on the quantum of the hike so far but it will definitely depend on two things. One, we will have to look at the sales performance and secondly also have to consider excise duty structure going ahead. Our vendors have taken a hit because of the minimum wages of workers that have gone up considerably and secondly power cost has also gone up considerably, affecting all of us.”
He further added, “December is not going to be different from November in terms of sales. We expect December sales to witness a decline as compared to same period of last year.” The company officials have admitted that the sales of Bajaj have slumped down in recent times – the latest figure being a 6 per cent drop in sales in the month of November 2014.
Few weeks back, Bajaj increased the prices of its Pulsar range of motorcycles by Rs.1,000. So, it is believed that the current crop of Bajaj commuters will also witness a price hike of same extent. Currently, Bajaj Auto sells Platina, Avenger as well as Pulsar and Discover range of motorcycles in the Indian market.

Reverse mortgage scheme fails to attract tar...Reverse mortgage scheme fails to attract target group due to practice of dishing out properties to next gen
Atmadip Ray, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 01.47PM IST
Tags:
Central Bank of India
(The market size is estimated…)
KOLKATA: Despite nearly half-adecade of existence, reverse mortgage schemes are yet to excite senior citizens with the idea of mortgaging their properties to meet their financial needs in the twilight years.
There are certain conditions unique to the country -children taking care of their elders, and the desire to hand over property to the next generation -that seem to be coming in the way of such schemes.
Reverse mortgage, launched in 2007, is a financial product devised to help people above 60 to mortgage their property with a lender and convert part of the home equity into tax-free income without having to sell the house. The payment may come from a bank as loan or from an insurer as annuity income. The annuity income has also been exempted from tax.
"Having come this far, the case for reverse mortgage has already become stronger. It needs publicity, awareness and capacity building.The National Housing Bank should engage the insurance regulator to give this product a fresh nudge," said RV Verma, former NHB chairman and managing director.
The market size is estimated at more than Rs 20,000 crore but banks have so far sanctioned about Rs 1,800-2,000 crore and disbursed merely Rs 800 crore. Verma said that about 7,000 people have mortgaged their homes to get reverse mortgage payments.
State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank , Central Bank of India and Indian Bank are some of the semi-dormant lenders in reverse mortgage while the largest housing finance company, Housing Development Finance Company, stayed away from this scheme.
The borrower gets annuity income till death. After that, the surviving spouse can continue to occupy the property till death. When the last surviving borrower dies or would like to sell the home, or permanently moves out of the home, the bank offers first right to settle the loan along with accumulated interest to the heirs, without sale of property.
"This scheme is designed to benefit senior citizens who are touchpoor but asset-rich," said Verma, who is now a member of the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority.
But many like R Bhaskaran, chief executive officer of Indian Institute of Banking & Finance, felt that the rich may not need this product at all. "For the middle class and poor, the mortgaged property is possibly their only dwelling. If the borrower under the scheme dies, he will leave more loans on his successor who will not get the property unless the loan is cleared," Bhaskaran said. Indians typically aspire to retain property for the next generation and don't want to burden their children with loans.
He said that the scheme is safe for banks and insurance companies as the loan or annuity charges are fully secured due to mortgage. But it has not been popular because the rules are weighed against the beneficiary. At present, the maximum loan banks can give is only 60% of the valuation of the property.
Insurance companies are allowed to make the annuity payments but they are yet to make a real contribution to benefit senior citizens.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rubber has resistance at Rs 11400-11500: GeofinLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rubber has resistance at Rs 11400-11500: Geofin
Geofin Comtrade has come out with its report on Rubber. According to the research firm, Rubber has support at Rs 10700/10500. However, resistance at Rs 11400-11500.
Post your opinion here
 
Geofin Comtrade report on Rubber
Natural rubber market continues to be in doldrums. On Tuesday, natural rubber in the international nosedived tracking crude oil. SHFE rubber futures plunged five per cent while TOCOM rubber futures lost more than 3.5 per cent. Speculation that China was to buy natural rubber from the local producers for state stockpiles below the current market rate too weighed on the sentiments. Bearishness being witnessed in the overseas market is to impact local natural rubber prices too. On Monday, RSS4 in the Indian market had hit a fresh five year low. NMCE rubber futures too culminated the session about one per cent down as the market fundamentals were in favor of bears.
RUBBER Jan NMCE
Likely to continue the prevailing bearishness towards 11200 initially followed by 11000 ranges. Even in this bleak scenario, a direct rise past 11500 will see some upticks.
SUPPORTS

India Cements may test Rs 81  says Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India Cements may test Rs 81, says Manas Jaiswal
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com is of the view that India Cements may test Rs 81.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, "Ten days ago  India Cements  broke the 200 days moving average and thereafter it was trading below the 200 day moving average in the range of Rs 90-95. Today it has broken that range also with a decent volumes on the downside. So, the stock can go down to around Rs 81 which is our target and stoploss should be Rs 91."
At 14:18 hrs India Cements was quoting at Rs 85.50, down Rs 5.80, or 6.35 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 91.65 and an intraday low of Rs 85.45.
RELATED NEWS

Embassy Group inks deal with Mercedes-BenzEmbassy Group inks deal with Mercedes-Benz
Anil Urs
Tweet
Bangalore, Dec 9:  
Embassy Group, a Bengaluru-based real estate developer, has signed a deal with automobile giant Mercedes-Benz Research and Development India (MBRDI) to lease over 2,60,000 square feet of prime commercial real estate space in Embassy Crest, Whitefield, Bengaluru’s major IT hub.
Embassy Crest is a joint venture between the Embassy Group and United Telecom.
The office premises with fully furnished fit outs has been delivered to the client. The five-year lease (with an option to be extended by another five years) will strengthen an eight-year old partnership between the Embassy Group and Daimler AG which fully owns Mercedes-Benz India, said Jitu Virwani, Chairman and Managing Director of Embassy Group.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Oil prices: boom  bust and boom again© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7cf27c68-7f6e-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yens decline seen as long-term trend© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c698937e-7f6f-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1IbYwZCNov. job gains surge to nearly 3-year high
November's job gains were the highest since January 2012.
Post to Facebook
Nov. job gains surge to nearly 3-year high November's job gains were the highest since January 2012. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CMxms6
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
163
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Nov. job gains surge to nearly 3-year high
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 1:28 p.m. EST December 5, 2014
Video Keywords president Obama's great depression USA today there're couple United States Obama's
Senior editor Owen Ullmann talks about the November jobs report announcing 321,000 added jobs — the largest one-month gain in nearly three years. (Money, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  I'm Natalie the Bellagio with USA today here it talk
00:05  about the jobs report that came out this morning and it's
00:08  pretty amazing. I'm with senior editor Alex Altman and I can
00:11  tell us just what makes this so amazing. Well it was
00:15  a huge number of new jobs created 321000. That's the most
00:21  in nearly three years for months. And over ten months now
00:25  more than 200000 jobs Natalie that's the the longest streak in
00:31  thirty years so it's really quite quite amazing. So what does
00:34  that mean if big picture wise. Well. Right now we're on
00:39  track to have the largest job growth every year. In about
00:44  fifteen years. And it really means that the economy is starting
00:49  to grow on all cylinders after. Coming off a very deep
00:54  downturn. This is looking like the United States is really leading
00:58  the world in job growth. And an economic expansion. So that
01:03  sounds like pretty great news why you. Our president Obama's approval
01:07  rating so low a piece of behind this. Yeah you would
01:11  think that with this strong economic news that this would benefit
01:14  the president I think there're couple reasons that Natalie. One of
01:18  them is don't forget. The economy was really really weak the
01:22  worst economy since the great depression and people are still traumatize
01:26  them they're still kinda scarred from that it takes a long
01:29  time. For perceptions to change you know for people to say
01:33  hey things are really good again. The other factor is that
01:36  even though a lot of jobs are being created. Wages for
01:40  those who are working in continue to be pretty stagnant. Fact
01:44  I think there are only up about 2% for the past
01:47  year. So even though people are working and you know making
01:50  some money they don't feel they're really getting ahead in so
01:53  I think that kinda helps put a damper. On the good
01:57  economic news today. Well thank you so much for coming in
02:00  explaining all that sure and ask for more news go to
02:03  money dot USA today dot com.
Job growth has strengthened for most of this year.
(Photo: Lynne Sladky, AP)
2435 CONNECT 296 TWEET 98 LINKEDIN 163 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The labor market surged in November as employers added 321,000 jobs — the largest one-month gain in nearly three years, the Labor Department said Friday.
The unemployment rate was unchanged at 5.8%.
Economists surveyed by Action Economics had estimated that 225,000 jobs were added last month.
The report, released at 8:30 a.m. ET, drove up stocks as the markets opened Friday.
Want to know where you should put your money in 2015? Follow #marketoutlook15 RIGHT NOW to find out. pic.twitter.com/YPcgoIobsk
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) December 5, 2014
Businesses added 314,000 jobs, powered by broad-based gains in professional and business services, retail, health care and manufacturing. Federal, state and local governments added 7,000.
The Labor Department revised up job gains for September and October up by a total 44,000. September's count was revised to 271,000 from 256,000 and October's to 243,000 from 214,000.
Jobs added last month were the most since January 2012 and only the second time this year that one-month gains exceeded 300,000.
Some other labor market indicators were also positive. The average work week rose to 34.6 hours from 34.5 hours, which could mean continued strong hiring lies ahead.
And the number of Americans out of work at least six months fell by 101,000 to 2.8 million.
But while wage growth ticked up, it remained modest. Hourly earnings rose nine cents to $24.66 and wages are up 2.1% the past year, slightly higher than in October but in line with the modest increases so far in the 5-year-old recovery.
First Take: Watch wage growth, not job gains
Economists had expected wage gains to accelerate the second half of the year.
Still, economist Paul Ashworth of Capital Economics said in a research note that the strong monthly payroll increase bolsters the firm's view that the Federal Reserve will begin to raise interest rates as early as March -- sooner than the midyear time frame many economists anticipate -- to head off higher inflation.
"Labor market conditions are improving at breakneck speed," Ashworth said.
Equally impressive is that nearly every major industry is ramping up hiring. " Everybody seems to be on the hiring bandwagon," says economist Joel Naroff of Naroff Economic Advisors.
Last month, professional and business services added 86,000 jobs. Retailers added 50,000; health care, 37,000; and leisure and hospitality, 32,000.
Middle-wage sectors are also growing solidly. Manufacturers added 28,000 jobs and construction, 20,000.
Other employment indicators generally have been positive lately, though some have suggested that payroll growth may be slowing along with the economy in the current quarter after rapid gains in the spring and summer. Initial claims for unemployment benefits, a good measure of layoffs, are at pre-recession levels, though the four-week average rose recently.
Labor market gains have been consistently strong this year despite a mixed economy, averaging almost 241,000 additional jobs a month, up from 194,000 in 2013. Employers have added at least 200,000 jobs for 10 straight months, the best stretch since the mid-1990.
The economy has been more volatile. Many analysts project growth of 2.4% annual rate in the current quarter after growing nearly 4% or more in the previous two quarters.
2435 CONNECT 296 TWEET 98 LINKEDIN 163 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CMxms6
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

SpiceJet shares sink nearly 13%Updated: December 8, 2014 13:17 IST
SpiceJet shares sink nearly 13%
PTI
air transport
Shares of budget carrier SpiceJet tumbled nearly 13 per cent in early trade on Monday amid a flurry of negative news including fund drought and large-scale flight cancellations.
SpiceJet’s stock tanked 12.85 per cent to Rs. 13.90 at the BSE. Later, the stock recovered some of the lost ground with shares trading lower by 3.45 per cent at Rs. 15.40.
Concerned over deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, aviation regulator DGCA last week withdrew 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees by December 15.
With SpiceJet wobbling amid fund drought and the aviation regulator keeping a close tab on its curtailed operations, the no-frill carrier’s pilots are flocking to other airlines in search of a job, industry sources have said.
The airline auditors, in their recent report, have cast doubts over the ability of SpiceJet to run as a “going concern”.
Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had late last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline. “We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing.
(With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned,” Mr. Raju had said.
Shares of the company have been on back-foot amid reports that Airport Authority of India has put it on cash-and-carry.
In a clarification, SpiceJet in a filing to the BSE on Monday said, “We would like to clarify that SpiceJet Limited is not under a “Cash-and-Carry” payment mode with Airport Authority of India as wrongly reported in certain sections of the media.”
The airline has reported fifth straight quarter of net losses for the July-September period at Rs. 310 crore which is down from Rs. 559 crore net loss during the corresponding period last year.

Taj Mahal part of an ancient temple: UP BJP chiefUttar Pradesh Bharatiya Janata Party president Lakshmikant Bajpayee during a party meet in Vrindavan. File photo
A view of the Taj Mahal
TOPICS
religion and belief
Lakshmikant Bajpayee was responding to the alleged demand of Azam Khan that the Taj should be handed over the the State Wakf Board.
A part of Taj Mahal was part of an ancient temple, claimed Lakshmikant Bajpayee, BJP chief of Uttar Pradesh, on Monday.
He also claimed that a substantial part of Taj Mahal was part of a palace which was owned by King Jai Singh from whom Mughal emperor Shah Jahan had bought the land when he decided to build one of the seven wonders of the world. The temple was part of the portion Shah Jahan bought from the Hindu king, added Mr. Bajpayee.
"A part of the Taj Mahal was ancient Tejo Mahalaya temple's land. I am not saying this in air but there are documents to prove this," he said.
Mr. Bajpayee argued that a building which was earlier a temple can anyways be not part of Wakf.
He was responding to the alleged demand of Azam Khan that the Taj should be handed over the the State Wakf Board.
"The properties of Wakf Board are in a pathetic state. Azam's demand of handing over the Taj Mahal to Wakf Board is ridiculous," maintained Mr. Bajpayee.
When asked if the state BJP is going to do anything to reclaim the temple which he claims was a part of the Taj Mahal, he said, "There is no question of raising the temple issue which was settled between Jai Singh and Shah Jahan. The Hindu king had shifted the temple before selling off the building.

Rohtak sisters: Local heroes or serial beatersPrint
Chandigarh: Just a week back, they were 'role models' and the darlings of the media and dial-a-quote experts who had dared to take on male tormentors in a patriarchal society in Haryana. But things changed drastically for the two braveheart sisters who thrashed three youths for allegedly molesting and assaulting them.
The same sisters are now being scrutinised for their actions after more videos have gone viral alleging that they were "serial beaters" as far as boys in Haryana's Rohtak and Sonipat districts were concerned. Videos linked to the two teenaged sisters, Aarti and Pooja, and independent investigations into their 'heroic' act of taking on molesters are now questioning the objective behind these two thrashing boys.
When they hit the national headlines for the first time last week, one of the sisters openly went on record to claim that they have, in the past, thrashed many youths who had harassed women.
The Haryana government had first announced that the sisters would be honoured during the next Republic Day (Jan 26) celebrations.
However, the government later put the move on hold pending a complete investigation into the Nov 28 incident in which three youths were thrashed by them inside a moving Haryana Roadways bus near Rohtak.
Other voices have now started coming out against the sisters's actions.
"The girls went overboard claiming 2,000 boys have molested them till date. A simple arithmetic, assuming the girls being molested for last five years or 1,825 days, the girls got molested virtually every day. Raising a false alarm shot the girls to instant fame," Amit Gupta, convener of NGO Hridaya which works for the 'Save Indian Family' movement, told IANS.
Many people, including women and activists in Rohtak district, have come out openly to challenge the sisters' claims.
"We were told that there are several boys who are victims of these girls. A lot of people who have seen the rowdyism by these girls have also come out," independent filmmaker Deepika Narayan Bharadwaj, who visited the villages of the 'victims' and the 'accused' after the incident, told IANS.
Deepika's video "The other side of Rohtak bravehearts" has got nearly 300,000 hits on YouTube.
"The sole purpose of making this video was to present the other side of the story. Some laws are being rampantly misused (by women). Mere accusations are enough to ruin the entire life of a person," Deepika said.
"What I found was shocking. Most people, without knowing much about the case, were blindly applauding the act of the women who have blackmailed and extorted several boys in the past and have been misusing laws made for protection of women.
"I saw an entire village and others standing in support of the young boys," Deepika said, adding that she met "past victims" of the two sisters.
In the media frenzy and the three youths being sent to custody for five days, there were reports that the army authorities announced that two of them, who had applied to get into the armed forces, would not be considered.
"We want the Haryana government and police to investigate how many people have been cheated by the same girls. They should take action against the girls if this has happened," Gupta said.
On their part, after the initial media hoopla over their 'bravery', the sisters stood by their claims about the bus incident.
"We are being pressurised to withdraw the case and things are being said against us for this. We want the authorities to investigate the real truth," Aarti told the media at her home.
An old woman, who was a passenger on the same bus, rubbished the sisters' claims saying the fight was over seats and not molestation as the girls alleged.
Recommend

Coffee in a New York Minutecoffee in a new york minute
ITC to invest Rs 1 000 crore into dairy  juice businessITC to invest Rs 1,000 crore into dairy, juice business
Writankar Mukherjee, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 04.10AM IST
Tags:
B Natural
(Early this year ITC acquired…)
KOLKATA: ITC Ltd will invest Rs 1,000 crore for its ambitious foray into dairy and juice businesses which it plans to roll out in the January-March quarter, two people aware of the development said.
The Kolkata-based cigarette-to-FMCG-hospitality conglomerate will make the proposed investment in the short term on manufacturing capacity, marketing, brand building and distribution expenses, two senior industry executives told ET.
ITC has already undertaken over Rs 250-crore investments on these two businesses. Early this year ITC acquired Bengaluru-based B Natural juice brand for about Rs 50-60 crore, which is now being modernised both in terms of formulation and packaging.
ITC's expansion into dairy is done organically and involves setting up processing plants in Munger ( Bihar ), Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. Trial production in Munger will start this month, the executives quoted above said.
The company wants to have a local production footprint to overcome distribution hassles of dairy products and also to suit the palette of consumers in each region since milk quality differs.
When contacted, ITC Ltd divisional chief executive (foods) Chitranjan Dar refused to confirm investment figure and expansion plans, citing confidentiality reason.
Dar, however, said ITC will soon roll out juices across the country, whereas the entry into dairy business will be late next quarter. "We plan to regionalise both juices and dairy products since the taste would vary," he said.
He said ITC will roll out both 100% juices and nectars with 7-8 variants, while in dairy it is yet to decide the full portfolio.
"In dairy, there will be both B2B and B2C products such as milk powder and ghee to start with. However, our aim is to launch a wide variety of dairy products which we will evolve in phases," Dar said.
Industry executives quoted above said since ITC looks to launch innovative products in both segments as it eyes market leadership.
For instance, in juices, it is experimenting with traditional flavours and variants which are still not in the market. In dairy it will roll out value-added products, including chocolates. While Amul will be the biggest competitors in dairy business, ITC will fight Dabur's Real and PepsiCo's Tropicana brands in the Rs 2,000 crore packaged juice market.
When asked about competition, Dar said ITC will aim for product superiority, use the group's synergies in back-end agri and dairy sourcing, and use its wide panel of chefs in the hotel business to finetune its offering. "For instance, we have done a lot of juice trails in our hotels with chefs, right from getting the right taste to the juice thickness," he said.
ITC is expanding its agri-commodity sourcing to grow fruits and pulps for its juices business, while for the dairy business it has set up 261 cattle development centres across seven states and its milk procurement network in Munger includes 194 milk producer groups with average daily procurement of 13,729 litres per day.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy climb after CCI clears merger dealSun Pharma  Ranbaxy climb after CCI clears merger deal
BSE Sensex down 62 points in earlytradeGovt hikes import tariff value on gold and silver
Extending their fall, the benchmark BSE Sensex slipped below the 28,000 level and the NSE Nifty dropped below the 28,000 mark at midsession as funds and retail investors indulged in selling activity amid weak global cues after crude oil dipped to fresh five-year lows.
After opening in negative terrain on continued selling activity by participants, the Sensex dipped below the psychological 28,000-mark to touch a low of 27,869.92. It, however, recovered marginally to 27,911.35, down by 208.05 points, or 0.74 per cent at 1330 hours.
Major losers that pulled down the Sensex and Nifty from crucial levels were Sesa Sterlite, Tata Power, NTPC, Hindalco, Bhyarti Airtel, ONGC, Tata Steel, BHEL, SBI, Axis Bank, L&T, Tata Motors, Maruti Suzuki, Coal India, RIL and Cipla.
The 30-share index had lost 443.42 points in the previous two sessions.
Similarly, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty slipped below the crucial 8,400-level by losing 64.00 points, or 0.76 per cent, to 8,374.25. It shuttled between 8,444.50 and 8,362.30.
Sentiments dampened after current account deficit widened to USD 10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, in July-September quarter of this fiscal, up from 1.2 per cent a year ago.
Brokers said sustained selling by participants in bluechip stocks that recently logged gains and a weak trend in global markets after oil prices skidded to fresh five-year lows led to the fall in markets.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 4,984.60 crore yesterday, according to provisional data from the stock exchange.
Bucking the trend, shares of Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy, HDFC Bank, M&M, TCS and Hero MotoCorp were trading in positive zone and cushioned the fall.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was down 2.51 per cent, while Japan’s Nikkei shed 0.68 per cent. European markets were down in their opening trade.
TAGS: BSE Sensex
More from markets

BSE Sensex  Nifty drag; TCS up 1 %  ITC Bharti laggardsDec 09, 2014, 11.51 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
BSE Sensex, Nifty drag; TCS up 1 %, ITC & Bharti laggards
TCS, Dr Reddy's Labs, Sun Pharma, GAIL and HDFC Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, NTPC and ITC.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BSE Sensex, Nifty drag; TCS up 1 %, ITC & Bharti laggards
TCS, Dr Reddy's Labs, Sun Pharma, GAIL and HDFC Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, NTPC and ITC.
Post your opinion here
10:58
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:50 am Buzzing:  Shares of Sadbhav Engineering (SEL) climbed as much as 4 percent intraday after Kotak Institutional Equities raised target price on the stock to Rs 275 from Rs 230 earlier.
According to the brokerage house, the stock looks attractive as the company's roads portfolio offers a long runway for growth with protection against surprises in traffic and cash flows.
"SEL has a durable roads portfolio, benefiting from long residual life, normalized traffic risk, and well-spread and back-ended debt-repayment schedule (protects on cash flows against business volatility). Stricter norms on overloading can boost toll collections. However, the early stage of portfolio will keep the business in investment mode for another 2-3 years," Kotak explained.
11:30 am Interview: Infosys founders Narayana Murthy and family sold 23.3 percent of their stake on Monday, along with Nandan Nilekani and family - who sold 31.3 percent stake. K Dinesh and family and SD Shibulal too sold 21.5 percent and 9.6 percent, respectively.
Vibhor Singhal of Phillip Capital believes investors are reading too much into promoters selling their stake and yesterday’s selling was an over-reaction. However, overall he is bearish on the stock when compared to TCS and Tech Mahindra . He says Vishal Sikka's vision for the company will take time to materialise. In the midcaps space, he likes Persistent Systems.
Don't miss: Wider Q2 CAD no worry, rupee may push 63/USD by March, says Kotak
The market is still dragging with the Sensex down 73.16 points at 28046.24. The Nifty is down 28.10 points at 8410.15. About 1150 shares have advanced, 1081 shares declined, and 101 shares are unchanged.
TCS, Dr Reddy's Labs, Sun Pharma, GAIL and HDFC Bank are top gainers in the Sensex. Among the losers are Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, NTPC and ITC.
Crude oil futures fell by 1.22 percent to Rs 3,885 per barrel today as speculators engaged in reducing their exposures amid a weakening trend in Asian trade where it tumbled to fresh five-year lows owing to weak demand. Marketmen said trading sentiment remained subdued after crude struck fresh five-year lows in Asia with analysts forecasting further falls owing to weak demand, a global supply glut and fewer production halts.
Globally, Shanghai continues its run and rallies to a fresh 3.5-year high. Brent continues to trade at 5-year low.
 

Delhi rape: Uber cab driver Yadav confesses to crime but shows no remorse60
1
New Delhi: Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav has confessed to raping the 25-year-old finance professional in a cab on Friday night. However, sources say that the Yadav showed no remorse for his act.
Meanwhile, city's top police officials including the police chief have been called by the NSA to review women's safety and radio cabs services. The Delhi Police has registered a second FIR against him on charges of allegedly forging documents and submitting a fake verification certificate.
Dramatic scenes were witnessed outside the Tis Hazari court on Monday when Yadav was being produced as some lawyers and bystanders tried to beat him up. He was sent to three days custody for further investigation.
#radio cabs #transport department #uber #ola
After being questioned on Monday, his employer - Uber will be questioned for the second day again on Tuesday. Uber officials in the first round of questioning had admitted that they did not do requisite background checks of the drivers before employing them.
Uber is facing the heat from all quarters as the Delhi Women's Commission has also summoned the local CEO of Uber. "We will try our best that this cab company is closed and it should be investigated that who brought this company here and how it started," Chairperson Delhi women commission Barkha Singh said.
After the incident, the Delhi government has banned Uber in the state. Other aggregator services like Ola and taxi for sure have also been blacklisted in Delhi. "Only 6 cab services - Easy Cab, Mega Cab, Meru, Chanson, Yo Cab and Air Cab are licensed with the  Transport Dept for operating radio taxi services in Delhi and the National Capital region. All transport and taxi service providers through web based technology who are not recognised will be prohibited from providing such service in Delhi till they get a license," the Delhi government said.
Disturbed by their son's alleged act, Yadav's parents in Mainpuri in Uttar Pradesh have said that he should be punished if found guilty. "He has done wrong, he should get the punishment for it," his mother said.
93

WB: 23-year-old sets 18-year-old girl on fire for resisting rape attemptsmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

BJP asks MPs  ministers to declare their assets by WednesdayDec 09, 2014 at  11:42am IST
BJP asks MPs, ministers to declare their assets by Wednesday
5
0
New Delhi: The Bharatiya Janata Party on Tuesday pulled up its MPs and ministers and asked them to declare their assets by Wednesday. The issue was discussed in the BJP Parliamentary Party meet.
BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said, "All MPs were asked to go to every village."
Senior leader LK Advani said that whatever golden period of governance former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee had begun, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is taking it forward.
The issue of use of unparliamentary language against the Prime Minister by West Bengal leaders was also raised.
#bjp #asset declare #bjp parliamentary party meet #lk advani
Even the victory in Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan in municipal elections were lauded.
The issue of use of unparliamentary language against the Prime Minister by West Bengal leaders was also raised. Naqvi said, "Use of foul language by leaders in West Bengal has been condemned by BJP Parliamentary Party. This is Mamata Banerjee's frustration talking."
32

Indian employers most optimistic among all ...employers
(Indian employers most optimistic…)
MUMBAI: Over 5,108 employers surveyed across India anticipate a vigorous hiring pace for the January-March quarter, the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey released today by ManpowerGroup has revealed. Indian employers, in fact, have reported the most optimistic hiring plans among the 42 countries surveyed, for the fourth consecutive quarter.
The survey has found that once the data is adjusted to allow for seasonal variation, employers report an outlook of +45 per cent.
The most optimistic hiring plans are reported by employers in the wholesale & retail trade sector and the finance , insurance & real estate sector, where net employment outlooks stand at +54 per cent and +48 per cent, respectively. From a regional perspective, employers in the Southern and Western regions expect the maximum opportunities for job seekers in the months ahead, with net employment outlooks of +46 per cent and +45 per cent, respectively.
"The government initiatives designed to make labour markets more flexible to effectively address employability gaps, combined with signs that the Indian business environment is improving, is reinforcing employer confidence. Opportunities for job seekers are expected to grow even stronger as emphasis is placed on improving both business growth and employment generation," said A G Rao, Group Managing Director of ManpowerGroup India in a release.
"Employers in some sectors are already responding to a pickup in industry participation, a rise in the number of start-up ventures and the emergence of India as an investment destination," he added.
Year-over-year, employers in all seven industry sectors report stronger hiring intentions, says the survey. Outlook increases of 18 and 17 percentage points are reported in the transportation & utilities sector and the wholesale & retail trade sector. The outlook for the finance, insurance & real estate sector is 12 percentage points stronger.
When compared with the previous quarter, hiring plans weaken in three of the seven industry sectors, most notably by 6 percentage points in both the mining & construction sector and the public administration & education sector. However, outlooks strengthen in two sectors, including the wholesale & retail trade sector, where employers report an improvement of 8 percentage points.
In terms of regions, the least optimistic of the four regional Outlooks stands at +31 per cent in the East. Hiring intentions decline by 2 percentage points compared with the previous quarter and remain unchanged year-over-year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi cab rape case: Now  cops launch crackdown against Uber officialsJindal Power moves SC, says being ‘doubly punished’, can’t pay fine
Officials of international taxi-booking service Uber will be questioned by police for the second consecutive day today in connection with the alleged rape of a 27-year-old finance company executive by its driver.
Uber’s General Manager (Marketing) Gagan Bhatia, who claims to be the in-charge of the company’s India operations, has not been able to provide much information to the police regarding the company’s operations and its policies during questioning yesterday.
Read: Uber’s official statement
Police officials have asked him to produce certain documents today.
“We wanted to know the role of the company while it brings the customer and the car driver into contact through its App. What is the liability of the company if the driver commits a crime as in this case. What is the business model, how it works, who are its promoters,” said a senior police official.
Sources privy to the investigation said Bhatia could not come up with satisfactory answers to questions posed by cops following which he was asked to produce the documents regarding the operations of the company in India.
“He first told us that there is no country head and he reports to one person who heads its operation at EMEA (Europe-Middle East-Asia).If we don’t get satisfactory answers from Bhatia, we may call this EMEA head for questioning,” the official said.
He said they have come across gross violations on part of the company in terms of violation of the Motor Vehicle Act and others.
Yesterday, Bhatia was questioned by a team led by Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Brijendra Kumar Yadav.
Later in the evening Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi said there were “certain gaps in the system” and the company “had certain responsibility” in the case.
In Delhi, black and yellow taxi and radio taxis operate. Radio Taxis were introduced in 2006. Taxi providers work under certain conditions laid down under the Radio Taxi policy of 2006, he said.
“With the expansion of Internet, certain virtual platforms have come up. Uber was one of them. They had been working without any permission from transport authorities and there are certain gaps in the system.They had been bringing the two together – the taxi operator as well as the customer through a virtual platform.
“They had certain responsibilities, because when you are bringing the two together, you are ensuring the customer of certain quality, which was not there,” said Bassi.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, who was driving the uber cab, allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back to her home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

China markets see biggest drop in 5 yrs | Sensex slips over 200 ptsShanghai stock exchange plunges 5.43% at close; biggest drop in 5 years
Reuters Dec 9, 2014, 12.50PM IST
Tags:
China
(Among the most active stocks…)
SHANGHAI: Chinese shares plunged on Tuesday, sharply reversing course from a two-week rally fuelled in part by speculation the central bank would further ease policy, with a key stock index recording its biggest fall since the depths of the global financial crisis.
Volatility also gripped the currency markets, where the yuan posted its biggest one-day decline against the dollar since 2008 on talk of a possible cut in banks' reserve requirements by the central bank - which could flood the market with renminbi and so dilute its value versus the dollar.
The gyrations follow the People's Bank of China's surprise November interest rate cut in response to a steady drumbeat of weak economic data.
Recent months have seen weaker-than-expected trade data, signs of looming deflation and a housing market - a major internal driver of growth - that has failed to pick up despite easing of administrative restrictions.
"More market volatility will be the new normal," said Zheng Weigang, head of investment at Shanghai Securities. But he added that regulators may not necessarily be pleased with the outcome.
"The recent sharp rally in the stock market indicates that money freed from the PBOC's recent rate cut has not flowed in to the real economy, and that is worrying regulators."
In the stock market, the Shanghai Composite Index started the day rising to a 3-1/2-year high, before collapsing in the afternoon to lose more than 5 percent, the biggest single-day percentage drop since 2009, as investors took profits in sectors such as banking and property.
CUT TO GROWTH TARGET?
China looks set to miss its growth target this year for the first time since 1999, and full-year growth is likely to be the weakest in 24 years.
Some influential advisers are recommending the country's leadership, which was meeting on Tuesday to map out economic and reform plans for next year, should cut 2015's economic growth target to 7 percent.
Turnover in Chinese shares has not only blown past domestic records but is also setting global volume records, according to Reuters analysis. That makes the market susceptible to a sharp fall.
Valuations in the brokerage sector, which has been one the biggest beneficiaries from the latest rally, are now hovering at lofty levels, with their price-to-earnings ratio fetching around twice of their historic mean.
"If you are sure the next two years are going to be a boom market then securities firms are OK, but the problem is you just don't know," said Jiahe Chen, chief strategist at Cinda Securities.
PROMISED REFORM
In currency markets, the spot yuan slid nearly half a percent to 6.2007 per dollar, accelerating a decline that began after the Nov. 21 rate cut.
However, the increase in volatility should not come as a surprise to investors as Beijing has repeatedly said it would allow greater freedom for the markets to decide on pricing.
"We have long believed that RMB volatility needs to rise and the recent price action is a clear sign of this," wrote HSBC economists in a research note.
In a key move towards liberalising the foreign exchange market, the PBOC earlier this year allowed the spot price to rise or fall by 2 percent away from the daily fix, up from 1 percent previously.
Traders have also noted state-owned banks have so far held off from behind-the-scenes intervention to prop up the yuan, a sign that the PBOC is actually following through on promises to reduce meddling in the market.
In the bond market, a benchmark corporate bond yield spiked more than 30 basis points and government bond future prices dropped more than 1 percent after regulators restricted the ability of low-rated issuers to raise short-term funds through bond-repurchase agreements.
The surge in yields prompted the China Development Bank and State Grid Corp of China, two major issuers of debt, to cancel their planned issuances.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Waiting for Santa! Nifty in red; but in 9 of 10 times in 10 years it s closed Dec in greenYou are here: Home > Collections
Are markets in for Christmas surprise? Nifty gained 9 out of 10 times in the last 10 years in December
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 9, 2014, 01.05PM IST
Tags:
ICICI securities
(The index is likely to face…)
NEW DELHI: After rallying over 34 per cent so far in the year 2014, the 50-share Nifty index witnessed some bit of profit booking or consolidation in trade on Monday, which according to most experts will be the trend for the rest of the month as well.
The index broke below its crucial psychological support level of 8500 and its 20-DMA, which was placed at 8452 levels, leading to further weakness on the charts. The index is likely to face further profit booking and hover in the range of 8500-8600 levels for the month of December, say experts.
"There will be lower activity in December, but it's also the time when price magnification appears more amplified. Also, considering the fact that it is a quarter for many managers to print their NAVs, I do not think December should close at a lower Nifty level than what we saw in November," says Vineet Bhatnagar, MD, PhillipCapital.
"However, at the same time, I also think that the Nifty looks very tightly range-bound. If you look at the way the F&O distribution is panning out, you will see that calls are concentrated at 8600-8700. So, it is a very tight range that we are looking at," he adds.
The index has rallied a lot in quickly. So some bit of consolidation cannot be ruled out. But the broader trend still remains on the upside and investors should look at buying quality stocks on dips.
"My firm view is that there should be another 5 per cent correction in the boarder indices that should continue till January-end. We rose the highest among many comparable markets and therefore I firmly believe that the profit booking should continue, particularly from the FIIs," says G Chokkalingam, Founder, Equinomics Research & Advisory Pvt Ltd.
"I suggest investors should hold on to cash at least 5% to 10% of the equity portfolio; and they should definitely sell stocks which are overvalued," he adds.
However, if history is anything to go by, then the Nifty index has ended positive 9 out of 10 times in the last 10 years, indicating best month for the index. The ten-year average monthly gain during December is 3.5 per cent, Edelweiss said in a report.
On the sectoral front, historical seasonality analysis suggests that December is the Best month for Metal Index. Metal Index has ended positive 8 times out of 10 times. 10 year average gain for the month of December for Metal Index has been over 7 per cent during the same period.
But after rallying over 30 per cent, things could go slow for the index and the movement will be more data depended across global economies.
 
"December could be a slow month due to year-end closing of western countries. However, that would not make any significant impact to the market," says Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services.
"I believe that the valuation of most of the stocks has reached at their peak and further re-rating in the next 1 month would be limited. Earnings growth would be the key driver of stock movement going forward," he adds. Pendharkar is of the view that overall December would be a flat month for the market and the Nifty is expected to remain near the levels of 8400-8600.
There are many domestic and global events that are going to happen in the month of December, which may lead to some bit of volatility in the markets. On the domestic front, we have IIP and industrial production data due later this week, which will be closely watched by market participants.
Further, participants would also be keeping a track of development taking place in the ongoing winter session of Parliament, which commenced on November 24 and is set to conclude on December 23.
"While talking about the events on the domestic front, investors should look after the ongoing winter session of Parliament as we have many important bills to get discussed in this, IIP data as well as the CPI and WPI number are also lined up in the second & third week of December, says Vivek Gupta, CMT - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
"On the other side, global events that are going to trigger the volatility in the market are the falling crude oil prices and the Christmas holiday (due to which most of the global markets will remain closed) can result in the low volume in the market due to the absence of FII," he adds.
Nifty to hover in 8500-8600 range
The Nifty index witnessed sideways move throughout last week. Overall market open interest also decreased suggesting liquidation of long positions since inception of current expiry.
On the upside, Nifty may face resistance around 8,600 levels. The scenario in the market currently remains bullish and range bound for the month of December and consolidation is likely to continue for the rest of the month as well.
"The range of 8480-8600 will remain crucial in the near term. Breach below the 8450 mark could see the Index declining sharply to 8300 levels. The options open interest concentration shifted to the 8500 strike put option with open interest of above 55 lakh shares," SMC Capital said in a note.
"The 8700 call-option strikes have maximum IO of more than 54 lakh shares. The implied volatility (IV) of call options closed at 10.50%. Short term indicators are indicating upside momentum to continue above 8500. It is likely to hover in the range of 8500-8600 levels for the week," added the report.
ICICI Securities also expect the markets to consolidate in December 2014 post the 10 per cent rally since mid-October 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will maintain NIMs at current level in coming quarters: OBCFresh restructuring likely to be at Rs 500-700 crore for coming quarters
Suresh N Patel
ED
Oriental Bank of Commerce
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Suresh N Patel, ED,  Oriental Bank of Commerce spoke about the latest happenings in the bank and the way ahead.
The public sector lender recently cut interest rates on retail term deposits for 1-2 years . He said the bank’s focus will continue to be on retail operations going ahead.
The bank expect to maintain NIMs at current  level in the coming quarters, he added.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Suresh N Patel’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal.
Ekta: Can you just go through what sort of cut in deposits have you undertaken by how much and do you think there is more room for deposit rate cuts?
A: We have realigned our rates. According to us our rate was slightly higher, so in the bracket of one-two years it was nine percent. So we have reduced by 10 basis points to 8.9. That is the only change we have done in this bracket and the other rates are same.
Ekta: Do you see a room for further cut in deposit rates from the 8.9 percent and when do you think a possible lending rate cut would be something that Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) would contemplate?
A: As far as this bracket is concerned still some banks are having it still lower, but right now we will not take in immediate future any further call on this. We will wait and watch and as regards cutting base rates maybe in the next year i.e. 2015 when Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will give a call on rate cut on repo at that point probably we will decide on base rate.
Anuj: If you could give us an indication by when should we expect lending rate cut, would it be in the first quarter of the next calendar year or maybe in the first half?
A: RBI has already given indications, it is already in their paper. So, if it happens probably at that point of time because right now what we have reduced is marginally only by 10 bps and that too only in one bracket because it was slightly higher.
Anuj: So are you saying that as soon as there is a repo rate cut from RBI that would be the moment that base rate would be cut?
A: We will take a call at that point of time.
Ekta: How are you trending on credit growth at this point, Q2 it was quite subdued with a growth of only around 8 percent odd. Has it picked up at all and what would FY15 entirely look like for OBC?
A: In case of retail there is some growth but other than retail we are not seeing much growth because maybe it will take some time for demand to pick up but in retail of course we are focussing and we have started one new venture under retail where we have opened one specialised branch in Gurgaon where we have put in special staff for that, only for retail so that they will focus on housing loans and vehicle loans. So our focus is more on retail right now.
Ekta: Can you give us a sense in terms of your net interest margins (NIM) because there was a slight seven bps improvement quarter-on-quarter (QoQ) in your NIMs in the previous quarter. Can you just give us a sense in terms of what the cost of funds for OBC is as compared to Q2 right now and hence what would your net interest margins look like?
A: We will be looking forwards to maintain our NIM of September or maybe a slight improvement in one or two bps, it will not go up drastically right now because it is going on a similar trend. Pertaining to your second question of cost of funds, because this rate cut what we have done is only in one bracket and there will be marginal effect on it because we have about Rs 30,000 crore in this bracket and because we have reduced only by 10 bps, so there will be a very marginal difference by that. All other maturity rates we have remained the same.
Anuj: Is the worst of asset quality now behind the Indian Public Sector Undertakings (PSU) banks or can there be some more shocks around the corner over the next three or four quarters?
A: If you see our two quarters in first quarter we had Rs 1,400 crore slippage and in the second quarter it was Rs 978 crore. So there is a declining trend in the second quarter. We are also trying hard, maybe in future this trend will improve and slippages maybe either at same level but it will not go up.
Ekta: So it will be around Rs 900 crore for Q3?
A: Hopefully we will cut in below Rs 1,000 crore only. It could be Rs 100 crore plus or minus but it will not be like Rs 1,400 what we had in the first quarter.
Ekta: What about restructuring. Your pipeline it was mentioned post Q2 stood at Rs 1,000 crore?
A: Yes, in Q3 we expect about Rs 500-700 crore.
Ekta: And what about slippages from your restructured portfolio? What would that trend at?
A: Slippages from restructured portfolio will be there because some accounts are bound to slip. Exact calculations I may not be able to tell you right now, but some slippages will be there.
Oriental Bank stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  10:26 hrs Oriental Bank of Commerce was quoting at Rs 282.95, down Rs 12.35, or 4.18 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 377.30 and the 52-week low was Rs 160.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 39.71 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 7.13. The latest book value of the company is Rs 447.91 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.63.
RELATED NEWS

Live: TMC will oppose Insurance Amendment Bill  will give dissent note in Parliament  says Derek O Brienmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

The Nifty Call: Sell on rallies with stop-loss at 8 450Tweet
December 9, 2014:  
Nifty December Futures (8,424) The selling pressure in the Indian markets extended today also. The Nifty futures contract started the session with a gap down at 8,459 levels from its previous close of 8,489 levels. The contract rallied to an intra-day high of 8,477 and has failed to fill the gap formed. This fall has breached the 21-day moving average line. The near-term stance is bearish.
Traders with a short-term horizon can sell the contract on rallies with a stop-loss at 8,450 levels. On the downside, the contract can decline to 8,420 initially and then to 8,400 levels. A further fall below 8,400 levels can drag the contract down to 8,370 levels in the short term. Nevertheless, to reinforce bullish momentum the contract has to fill the gap and rally beyond 8,500 levels. Next resistances are at 8,535 and 8,555 levels.
Strategy: Sell the contract with a stop-loss at 8,450
Supports: 8,400 and 8,370
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Sensex drops over 200 points; Nifty tanks below 8 400Sensex drops over 200 points; Nifty tanks below 8,400
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 01:12 PM IST
Benchmark share indices continued to trade lower, amid weak Asian cues with China's Shanghai Composite plunging over 5%, dragged by oil and gas shares along with engineering major L&T.
At 1:10PM, the 30-share BSE Sensex was down 229 points at 27,891, while the broad-based NSE Nifty was trading 70 points lower at 8,368.
The Indian rupee was trading lower at Rs 61.87 to the US dollar compared to the previous close of Rs 61.83 after the dollar gained against most Asian currencies.
Asian stocks witnessed selling pressure with Chinese shares witnessing a sell-off after recent data showed weak export growth in November. The Shanghai Composite was down nearly 6% and Hang Seng was down 2.6%. The Nikkei closed at 0.7% while the Straits Times was up 0.5%.
BSE Metal index was the top sectoral loser down over 2% followed by FMCG, Power and Consumer Durables indices down nearly 1% each.
Oil prices also extended their long crash with US crude hitting its lowest in five years amid a glut of supply and pressuring energy stocks globally. ONGC has lost 3.4% while RIL has shed early gains and is down 0.5%.
In the capital goods segment, L&T and BHEL were down nearly 2% each.
Power and metal stocks are trading under pressure after the Supreme Court on Monday dismissed nearly 20 applications of power and steel companies seeking exemption from its judgment which cancelled 204 coal mining licences issued since 1993. Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite, Hindalco, NTPC, Tata Steel and Coal India are down between 2-3.5% each.
Cigarette maker ITC which rallied in the recent past is down 0.6% on profit booking.HUL is down 1%.
Sun Pharma has gained 1.6% as its bid to acquire Ranbaxy has received approval from CCI, though with certain riders. Ranbaxy has gained 3% while Dr Reddy’s Lab is up 1%.
Domestic passenger car sales increased 9.52% to 1,56,445 units in November as compared with 1,42,849 units in the year-ago month.Motorcycle sales last month declined 3.05% to 8,53,254 units from 8,80,078 units a year earlier, according to data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM).
M&M, Baja Auto and Hero Motocorp are up 0.2-0.4% each. However, Tata motors and Maruti Suzuki have lost over 1% each.
Among the telecom stocks Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communications are down over 3% each. According to media reports, the apex court today agreed to hear the Centre's plea challenging TDSAT's judgement that allowed 3G intra-circle roaming and issued notices to Airtel, Idea and Vodafone which were allowed to offer 3G services in areas where some of them did not own 3G spectrum.
The broader markets also pared early gains and both the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were down 1% each.
The market breadth weakened further with 1,788 losers and 882 gainers on the BSE.

ONGC hits seven-month lowONGC hits seven-month low
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 01:26 PM IST
Shares of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) have declined to their lowest level since May 13, 2014, down nearly 4% to Rs 354 on the NSE, after Brent crude oil price hit a new five-year low.
“Brent and US crude oil each fell more than $2 a barrel on Monday to a new five-year low amid a rising number of predictions that oversupply would extend well into 2015,” the Reuters report suggests.
The stock of the country’s biggest explorer has underperformed the market dropping nearly 24% from its record closing high of Rs 466 on June 6, 2014 compared to about 10% rise in the benchmark CNX Nifty.
Meanwhile, according to media reports, the government, which holds a 68.94% stake in ONGC, is planning to sell a 5% stake in the company by the end of January.
 

India Cements proposes fund raising of Rs 500 cr to re-finance debtIndia Cements proposes fund raising of Rs 500 cr to re-finance debt
BS Reporter | Chennai Dec 09, 2014 01:00 PM IST
India Cements has proposed fund raising to the tune of Rs 500 crore, which will be utilised for re-financing of debt and capital expenditure purposes.
In an explanatory note - updated at BSE today - to their share holders, the company said that considering the present market conditions, especially in South India; which is the major market for the company; they felt that it was prudent to improve the gearing of the company and reduce dependence on debt to the extent, where it was possible to meet other requirements of the company.
Currently, India Cements' debt stands at about Rs 3,375 crore.
Investments bankers of the company have also advised the company that it was wise to raise funds by way of offerings in domestic or international markets, QIP, FCCB, , ADRs GDR and/or other securities preference shares, issue of warrants and or through other modes.

Sensex falls over 200 pts on selling pressureMARKET UPDATE: Sensex ends below 28,000, Nifty falls over 97 pts on global sell-off
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 17:11 IST
Photo: Reuters
Markets on Tuesday plunged to over one-month lows with benchmark Sensex tumbling 322.39 points to end at 27,797.01 on losses in power, metal and capital goods shares amid a sell-off in China and other global markets.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty tanked 97.55 points to end below 8,400-mark at 8,340.70 as stocks fell for the third straight session.
Fall of global crude prices to five-year lows failed to lift the global sentiment as Chinese stocks dropped over 5 per cent on tighter lending norms and over 1 per cent drop in European indices, said traders.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensex remained in negative terrain for the major part of the session on sustained selling pressure.
It moved between 27,763.82 and 28,157.53 range, before ending with a sharp loss of 322.39 points, or 1.15 per cent, at 27,797.01. This is its weakest close since October 30.
In the previous two sessions, Sensex shed 443.42 points.
The overall market breadth was negative as about 900 stocks rose while over 2,000 scrips fell.
"Sell-offs seen in Asian markets impacted market sentiments for the day. Brent crude was seen dropping to its fresh 5-year lows, below $66 a barrel," said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Experts said data showing current account deficit widened to $10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, in July-September quarter of this fiscal, raised concerns at a time when markets are pricing are strong recovery of the country's economy.
Sesa Sterlite shares emerged the biggest loser among Sensex components by tumbling over 5 per cent. Shares of state-run ONGC plunged 4.29 per cent.
Other notable laggards include Tata Power, Bharti Airtel, NTPC, Tata Steel, Hindalco, BHEL, L&T, Tata Motors, Wipro, SBI, Cipla, Maruti Suzuki, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank .
Almost all the major Asian stock markets fell after Chinese market tumbled 5.43 per cent, the most since 2009.
Indices in Hong Kong and Japan were among the worst-hit.
Sectorally, BSE Power index suffered the most by losing 2.75 per cent, followed by Metal index (2.71 per cent), Capital Goods (2.29 per cent) and Consumer Durables (2.11 per cent) among others. Selling activity in small and midcap also gathered momentum with BSE Smallcap falling 1.59 per cent and Midcap index down 1.57 per cent.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 4,984.60 crore on Monday.

PMO lists 36 steps including UID numbers for companies to boost EoDB rankingPMO lists 36 steps including special courts, unique identity numbers for companies to boost EoDB ranking
By Sidhartha, TNN | 9 Dec, 2014, 01.33PM IST
At a meeting late last month, each secretary was asked to take ownership of the reform process and ensure that all approvals and clearance processes are placed online.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: From special courts to settle commercial disputes in Delhi and Mumbai to a unique identity number for all firms and three forms instead of 17 for imports and exports, the Prime Minister's Office has listed out 36 steps to be undertaken by various ministries by January-end as part of a strategy to propel India up the ranking in the Ease of Doing Business (EoDB).
At a meeting late last month, each secretary was asked to take ownership of the reform process, undertake business process re-engineering and ensure that all approvals and clearance processes are placed online. At the same time, the focus is particularly on revamping processes in Delhi and Mumbai, two cities which are the basis for India's rankings in the annual World Bank publication. Prime minister Narendra Modi has set an ambitious goal of moving India from 142nd to the 50th slot in the EoDB ranking list.
Sources present in the meeting told TOI that providing electricity connections in the two cities will be made easier by lowering security deposits and the environment ministry is also being asked to issue instructions to do away with the need for a pollution control certificate as a prerequisite for a connection.
Similarly , the ministry of urban development will work with the Delhi and Maharashtra governments to implement reforms through one-stop shop and prepare a common application form to reduce the number of inspections, a key concern with the industry .
The ministry of urban development has been asked to prepare a standard sale deed to ease the registration process for land and also coordinate with the land resources department for digitization of land records, municipal tax records, sub-registrar data and also integrate them.
Apart from reduction in the number of customs forms, several initiative have been lined up at ports, including a single window set-up to integrate all activities of agencies involved in the clearance of consignments. Similarly , all licenses for export and import, including for restricted items, will be issued online from January . The revenue department has also been asked to simplify the laws and forms for corporation and dividend tax.
Various other approvals are being streamlined, including reducing the time taken to get a no-objection certificate from the Tree Authority . Several initiatives are lined up to simplify the Companies Act, including a simpler process for registration of companies. Further, the ministries have been asked to coordinate to ensure that there is only one identity number instead of multiple IDs such as Permanent Account Number, Tax Deduction Account Number (TAN), corporate identification number (CIN) and Labour Identification Number. The corporate affairs ministry , CBDT, Employees Provident Fund Organisation ( EPFO ) and Employee State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) will integrate their processes and issue the numbers real time.
Apart from this, given India's low ranking on winding up and insolvency laws, PMO has indicated that work on an insolvency law should start soon after the Vishwanathan committee submits its report in February . Similarly , the attorney general is being asked to request the Supreme Court to clear the constitution of the National Company Law Tribunal and notification of the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2010.

Overall hiring pace to be  vigorous  in Jan-March 2015Overall hiring pace to be  vigorous  in Jan-March 2015
Pune  Chennai lead Naukri s hiring index numbersPune, Chennai lead Naukri's hiring index numbers
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Dec 09, 2014 01:36 PM IST
Even as all metros registered a healthy growth on Naukri's Jobspeak Index, the cities of Pune and Chennai led the tally with the highest numbers. While Pune registered year on year growth at 27%, Chennai stood at 22% in the hiring index.
The Naukri Job Speak Index for the month of November 2014 was at 1471, registering a 13% increase in hiring activity as compared to November 2013. 
"With the festive season now over, all key sectors witnessed growth in hiring activity. Maximum increase was recorded in the Accounting and Telecom sectors with a 58% and 43% year on year increment respectively," according to Naukri.
Hitesh Oberoi, Managing Director and CEO, Info edge (India) said, “With the economic situation improving gradually, businesses are optimistic and we are hopeful that hiring activity will step up further in the coming months.”
Most sectors registered a year on year growth in the Naukri Job Speak Index in the month of November 2014. While Accounting and Telecom were the highest, Banking, ITES and Pharma registered at 34%, 26% and 25% growth respectively. 
Sectors such as Insurance, Retail and Healthcare also witnessed an increase of 20%, 22% and 20% respectively. Additionally, IT Software, Capital Goods and the Auto sectors recorded a growth of 7%, 15% and 12% respectively.
City Wise Analysis
While Pune and Chennai recorded the highest growth, Bangalore and Mumbai followed closely at 16% and 15% increase respectively. Delhi-NCR and Hyderabad witnessed a 14% growth each, while Kolkata witnessed a 8% year on year increase in the Naukri Job Speak Index.
Functional Area Analysis
The demand for professionals in HR & Administration, as depicted by the increase in the Naukri Job Speak Index in November 2014, grew by 33% year on year; the maximum growth amongst other prominent functional areas.  Fuelled by the growth of the internet sector, the demand for web designing professionals also grew by 30%. Following closely was the Accounts & Finance function registering a 29% growth year on year. 
The ITES & BPO functions registered a growth of 25% while Consulting recorded a 21% increase. Some other key functions such as IT Software, Sales and Marketing recorded a year on year growth of 16%, 13% and 15% respectively as depicted by the Index.

India most optimistic on hiring plans for Jan-Mar 2015: Manpower'Insurers must tell aggrieved clients whom to approach'
Opportunities for job seekers are expected to grow even better in the new year with employers in India being most optimistic foreseeing vigorous hiring activity in the January-March period, says a report.
According to the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey released today by ManpowerGroup, this is the fourth time in a row that employers in India have reported the most optimistic hiring plans among the 42 countries participated in the quarterly research.
The net employment outlook for India stood at 45 per cent indicating that job seekers may benefit from a vigorous hiring pace in the months ahead.
“The government initiatives, designed to make labour markets more flexible to effectively address employability gaps and combined with signs that the Indian business environment is improving, are reinforcing employer confidence,” A G Rao Group Managing Director ManpowerGroup India said.
The report said that hiring plans rebound for the upcoming quarter from the year-ago levels in most industry sectors and all regions, and overall hiring pace is expected to be “vigorous”.
“Companies are back in hiring mode. Opportunities for job seekers are expected to grow even stronger as emphasis is placed on improving both business growth and employment generation,” Rao said adding that a rise in the number of start-up ventures and the emergence of India as an investment destination has also helped in building up the momentum.
The most optimistic hiring plans are reported by employers in the wholesale and retail trade sector and the finance, insurance and real estate sector.
From a regional perspective, employers in the Southern and Western regions anticipate the most opportunities for job seekers in the months ahead, reporting Net Employment Outlooks of 46 per cent and 45 per cent, respectively.
Across the globe, employers in 38 of the 42 countries and territories report positive first-quarter hiring plans.
While employer confidence in both the US and the UK continues to gradually improve, hiring intentions in China and Brazil remain positive, but the energetic pace that once characterised both labour markets has now slowed to more modest levels.
Hiring confidence for the January-March period is once again strongest in India, Taiwan and New Zealand.
The weakest and only negative forecasts are reported by employers in Finland, Italy, Netherlands and Switzerland, the report said.
Among the Asia Pacific countries, employers in India report the strongest hiring plans across the globe, while the weakest forecast is reported by Australian firms, it added.
TAGS: Jobs
More from industry
‘Insurers must tell aggrieved clients whom to approach’ Bombay HC asks IRDA to direct insurance firms to inform aggrieved mediclaim policy holders about the available remedies...

Priceless ancient and much revered idol of Lord Raghunath stolen fromKulluWritten by Ashwani Sharma | Dharmshala |
Posted: December 9, 2014 2:12 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 8:06 am
An idol of the Lord Raghunath, which is the presiding deity of famous Kullu Dussehra, has been stolen from a temple located inside private residential complex of Maheshwar Singh, sitting MLA and chief ‘kardar’ of Lord Raghunath .
Maheshwar’s son Danvender Singh reported the matter to the Kullu police early this morning .The theft took place during the intervening night of December 8 and 9.
Maheshwar Singh met Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh on hearing about the daring theft of the 16th century old at his Rupi palace and sought immediate action from the police.
Many in Kullu now feel that without Ranghunath’s idol that leads the holy Chariot, the historic Kullu Dussehra will lose its significance as around 400 deities which participate in the congregation actually come to pay their obedience to Lord Raghunath – most powerful deity in Kullu.
A similar thieft attempt was made in January this year.
The priceless and much revered idol and other articles stolen from the temple included Raghunath idol of Asthtdhatu, a gold locket, Asthdhatu Hanuman idol alongwith golden chain, one stone of Narsingh Shila (covered with gold), one silver Ganesh idol, one pair of Charan Paduka, one silver aachmani, one silver shankh stand and several other antique items.
Chief Minister Singh, who made a suo moto statement in the state assembly, said strenuous efforts were being made to nab the culprits, who apparently entered through the roof top with a rope and decamped with all valuables.
“The incident has sent shock waves. Unfortunately , there was no home guards or police deployed at the temple, which was managed privately,” he added.
Superintendent of police, Kullu and other senior officers have visited the spot and set up a special team. An alert has been sounded to all districts and special barriers have also been set up to nab the culprits.
He said Additional DGP ( law an order) Sanjay Kundu has also left for Kullu.
Former chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal sharing the concern over the theft said, “Thieves have used the same modus operandi which they adopted in January this year but failed in their plans. Ironically no lessons were learnt from the incident. The CCTV cameras were installed outside the temple and in the compound instead of temple and its sanctum sanctorum.”
Maheshwar’s brother Karan Singh, also a sitting MLA, asked the Chief Minister to direct police to make immediate efforts to arrest the culprits and more importantly recover the idol, which is of great historic value. He suspected role of some insiders.
Director General of police Sanjay Kumar said, “The police teams are on full alert and investigations were being done on scientific basis continued…

China stocks plunge 5%; Sensex sinks over 250 points; 20 betsChina stocks crack, Sensex takes a dive; top 20 intraday trading bets
ET Now Dec 9, 2014, 03.09PM IST
Tags:
Century Textiles Ltd
(Sensex slipped as much as…)
MUMBAI: A sudden sell-off in Chinese markets led to a correction in other Asian markets, including India. The Nifty slipped below 8,350 and was trading at its November 20 lows.
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 334 points and was trading below its crucial psychological support level of 28000, led by losses in ONGC, L&T, ITC, ICICI Bank and SBI.
"China said lower-rated bonds can no longer be used as collateral for some short-term loans, sparking a selloff in riskier debt that spread to government notes and stocks. The yuan fell the most since 2008," Bloomberg reported.
According to analysts, Chinese market had surged 9 per cent last week and some profit booking was expected. However, the sharp fall of over 6 per cent intraday has made investors cautious.
Shanghai Composite Index closed down 5.43 percent, or 163.99 points, at 2,856.27 on turnover of 793.4 billion yuan ($128.2 billion).
At 03:06 p.m., the S&P BSE Sensex was trading at 27,802.56; down 316.84 points.
The Nifty was trading at 8,339.05, down 99.2 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 1.70 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 1.73 per cent.
The S&P BSE Metal Index was down 2.75 per cent, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index fell 1.96 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index was 2.7 per cent lower.
Sesa Sterlite (5 per cent), Bharti Airtel (3.7 per cent), Tata Power (4.7 per cent), ONGC (4.3 per cent) and Hindalco (3.7 per cent) were among the major Nifty losers.
Sun Pharma (up 1.3 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.44 per cent), HCL Technologies (up 0.46 per cent), TCS (up 0.42 per cent) and M&M (up 0.58 per cent) were among the major Nifty gainers.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical and Ranbaxy Laboratories gained momentum after the Competition Commission of India approved merger of Sun Pharma with Ranbaxy on the condition that the companies divest seven select brands in the Indian drug market.
The market breadth was negative on the NSE with 446 gainers against 1046 losers.
Profit booking in Asian markets picked up after sell-off in China. The Shanghai Composite plunged 5.43 per cent and Hang Seng was 2.36 per cent lower.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 224
Hindustan Zinc is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 181 and a stop loss of Rs 166
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 169
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 490 and a stop loss of Rs 525
 
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 345 and a stop loss of Rs 327
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 184 and a stop loss of Rs 173
India Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 83 and a stop loss of Rs 91.50
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 630 and a stop loss of Rs 663
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 342 and a stop loss of Rs 324
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 257
State Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 307 and a stop loss of Rs 314
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst, Sharekhan
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 244 and a stop loss of Rs 223
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 71
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 273 and a stop loss of Rs 252
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 266 and a stop loss of Rs 253
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 506 and a stop loss of Rs 532
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1140
Ankit Chaudhary, Senior Tech Analyst, Analyse India
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 94
Radico Khaitan Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 90
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 380
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Weaker energy stocks hit European shares; Tesco slumpsWeaker energy stocks hit European shares; Tesco slumps
Reuters
Tweet
London, Dec 9:  
European shares fell sharply on Tuesday, with a further slide in crude oil prices hitting energy stocks and British grocer Tesco plunging after another profit warning.
Tesco shares fell 15 per cent after it slashed its full-year outlook by almost a third in the latest downgrade sparked by an accounting scandal and intense competition in its home market.
The FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was down 1.1 per cent at 1,381.16 points by 0809 GMT after falling 0.7 per cent in the previous session.
The STOXX Europe 600 Oil and Gas index fell 2.4 percent, the biggest sectoral decliner, after Brent oil slipped to a five-year low below $66 a barrel following a drop of more than 4 percent the day before on worries of a swelling supply glut.
BP, Tullow Oil, Statoil and Respsol fell 2 to 3.2 per cent.
European shares extended their previous session’s losses on Tuesday, mirroring weaker equities in the United States and Asia, with a further drop in oil prices to a five-year low seen hurting energy stocks.
Brent slipped below $66 a barrel after plunging more than 4 per cent the day before on worries of a swelling supply glut.
Oil is likely to remain around $65 for the next six or seven months, the chief of Kuwait’s national oil company had said on Monday, in the latest sign Gulf producers are ready to ride out plunging prices.
“Although lower oil prices should be a positive cue for pretty much every other sector other than energy, it’s the persistent weakness amongst the energy shares that’s overshadowing any benefits and dragging down the major indices,’’ Jonathan Sudaria, a dealer at Capital Spreads, said in a note.
Mining stocks will also be in focus after the prices of key industrial metals fell. Shanghai aluminium plumbed its lowest level since May on Tuesday as growing overcapacity and the shaky outlook for demand in China curbed buying, while copper prices on the London Metal Exchange slipped 0.4 per cent.
The S&P 500 posted its biggest daily percentage drop since October 22 on Monday on weaker energy prices, while Japan’s Nikkei share average fell on Tuesday, snapping a seven-day winning streak, as a rebound in the yen prompted investors to book recent gains in exporter shares.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Markets Live: Sensex plummets 283 points on weak global cues; power  metals stocks tripWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

GOSF special: Lenovo Yoga Tablet 2 Pro on Flipkart at Rs49 490By: Tech Desk |
Posted: December 9, 2014 2:24 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 8:37 am
Lenovo on Tuesday announced that its new YOGA Tablet 2 Pro with the built-in Pico projector will be avalaible exclusively on Flipkart.com from December 10 as part of the Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF). The tablet will be priced Rs 49,490.  Strangely, this is Rs 1,500 more than the originally announced price of Rs 47,990 .
The large tablet has a 13-inch QHD screen and powerful 8W sound system with JBL Subwoofer+ Wolfson Hifi Codec and can be hung from the wall lie the rest of the devices in the series.
Rohit Midha, Director, Tablet Business Unit, Lenovo India said the YOGA Tablet 2 Pro elevates the original YOGA Tablet experience with technologies like the projector- a first for tablets.
The tablet can project a 16:9 high resolution image onto any surface for an instant 127 cm theater experience. The tablet’s enhanced audio system also provides 8 watts of sound, four times the speaker power of an average tablet.
The tablet is powered by a quad-core Intel Atom Z3745 processor and 2GB of RAM. Internal storage is 32GB, while the micro SD card slot allows for additional expansion of up to 64GB. Yoga Tablet 2 Pro supports 4G LTE for ultra-fast mobile data and dual band Wi-Fi.
The 8MP f2.2 AF rear and 1.6MP HD front cameras are optimized for video chatting.

New Call Telecom acquires voice provider Wav...You are here: Home > Collections
New Call Telecom acquires global wholesale voice provider WaveCrest
ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 02.36PM IST
Tags:
Dr Jerome Booth
(The acquisition comes only…)
NEW DELHI: New Call Telecom , a UK-based Internet service provider, on Tuesday said that it is acquiring London-based WaveCrest, an international wholesale voice calling solutions to retail brand owners, operators and end users.
The acquisition comes only weeks after New Call acquired India-based Nimbuzz, an app based messaging and voice calling provider with more than 200m users across the globe.
"There are considerable synergies between our two companies and this acquisition is in line with our international expansion strategy. In common with Nimbuzz, which processes more than 1 billion VoIP call minutes per month, WaveCrest has a global reach built on their state-of-the-art technology," Nigel Eastwood , CEO of New Call Telecom, said in a joint statement.
New Call Chairman, Dr Jerome Booth , said that the acquisitions of WaveCrest and Nimbuzz will allow New Call to capitalise on the worldwide telecoms explosion
Founded in 2001 and headquartered in London, WaveCrest has offices in Dubai, New York, Milan, Paris and Frankfurt. It terminates in excess of 3 billion voice minutes per year and generates revenues approaching $120 million through its IP network, the statement said.
The company has been providing a fully hosted over the top (OTT) international calling solution for Tesco and is working with other leading brands to deliver similar OTT solutions to their existing client bases.
"This is a transaction which makes sense on many levels. The day-one synergies are significant to the group, and with New Call's appetite for further acquisitions in the near future we are very excited to join this fast-growing international telecoms group," WaveCrest CEO, Chris Adams, said in the joint statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Expect Chana Jan Fut to trade on positive note: AngelLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect Chana Jan Fut to trade on positive note: Angel
According to Angel Commodities, Chana Jan Fut is expected to trade on positive note. However profit booking on higher levels may restrict sharp gains.
Post your opinion here
Angel Commodities' report on Chana
Chana
As expected yesterday NCDEX Chana Jan. futures traded on a positive note (3.42% lower) due to strong demand seen in the spot market as well as in futures market. Expectation of lower acreage of pulses in the Rabi season also providing supports on lower levels. On December 05, 2014 around 3063 MT chana arrived in the Indian ports at an average C&F price of US$ 560 per MT According to latest estimates of coverage under Rabi pulses has reached
107.85 lakh hectares as on December 5, 2014 which is -11.56% lower as compared to previous year. Chana has been sown over 69.43 lakh hectares as on December 05, 2014 which is -17.24% lower than the area sown during the same period previous year.
Chickpea/Chana production has been revised down in Australia to 435 thousand tonnes in the latest production estimates by the Australian Agricultural Department released on December 02, 2014. The production shall be -31.17% lower year on year while estimate has been revised down by around 6% from the earlier crop production estimate during September 2014. (Source – Commoditynews.com)
Outlook
Chana futures are expected to trade on a positive note, Technical buying in futures market may supports the prices however profit booking on higher levels may restrict sharp gains.
For all commodities report, click here
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Topper Learning set to launch Topper Junior this DecemberDec 11, 2014, 04.29 PM IST
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Post your opinion here
The page you are seeking has expired and is no longer available on Moneycontrol.com
ADS BY GOOGLE

How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared MondayIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Market Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation  IIP dataeyedMaintain buy on TCS despite cross-currency headwind
Indian stocks could see volatility in the near-term as investors take cues from inflation and factory output numbers next week, say experts.
Besides, foreign investor activity, movement of rupee against US dollar and crude oil price would continue to set the tone for trading.
“This week would be a crucial one since participants would be eyeing the release of consumer price index data for November on December 12.
On the same day, market would also be awaiting the release of IIP data for October,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Further, participants would also be keeping a track of development taking place in the ongoing winter session of Parliament, which commenced on November 24 and is set to conclude on December 23, he added.
Over the past week, the benchmark Sensex fell by nearly 236 points to 28,458.10, — logging its first weekly drop in seven weeks. Last month, the index had gained 828.16 points to hit its all-time high of 28,822.37 on November 28.
Traders said that investors would remain eye further policy announcements.
“Movement of index in near term will consistently remain on further reform initiatives to be taken in the ongoing winter session, IIP, CPI data expected to be announced on Friday,” said Vivek Gupta, CMT Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research.
Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio said, “After a week of consolidation, we expect the markets to see some profit bookings in the coming 1-2 trading sessions.
“Market has given positive response to the SAIL Offer for sale which shows, retail risk appetite is still intact. Market optimism and continued FII flows would continue to keep the markets intact.”
TAGS: Market Outlook
More from indianmarkets

Mickey Rooney s Former Lakeside Home on the Marketmickey rooney s former lakeside home on the market
Cisco partners with ILFS Technologies to develop projects for smart citiesJindal Power moves SC, says being ‘doubly punished’, can’t pay fine
Cisco today announced a partnership with ILFS Technologies (ITL) at the Cisco India Summit 2014 in Bengaluru,  to jointly develop solutions for digital infrastructure and smart cities in India. The collaboration will focus on creating solutions for urban cities in traffic management, public safety and e-governance. The solutions will help citizens to get infrastructure services like traffic, parking, lighting and water.
The partnership will bring together Cisco’s Internet of Everything (IoE) solutions and ITL’s understandings in infrastructure development in India. ITL is currently managing five national and two global land management projects. It also rolled out the communication backbone for Gurgaon Rapid Metro among several other key projects.
“With this partnership, we aim to develop India centric technologies to digitize the country. The collaboration will focus on delivering core infrastructure, creating a smart ecosystem and service delivery,” said Dinesh Malkani, president, sales, Cisco India and SAARC.
Both the companies will jointly go to market to pursue opportunities in the infrastructure sector and smart cities in India.
The Digital India program aims to bring connectivity to villages. However, not much of scaled effort is taking place to empower the Digital India mission. “Too many pilot projects are being done currently. This is just the beginning and it will take some time to scale up these pilot projects. We need more transparency and the pilot projects must have a business model for it become successful. We will be choosing projects based on the ecosystem and political will,” said Prem Saigal, chairman, ITL.
TAGS: Cisco India Summit 2014 ILFS
More from companies

CCI clears $4-bn Sun Pharmaceutical  Ranbaxy Laboratories merger deal  but adds ridersJindal Power moves SC, says being ‘doubly punished’, can’t pay fine
CCI clears Sun-Ranbaxy deal with riders; asks to sell 7 brands
New Delhi, Dec 8 (PTI) Drug-makers Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy today got fair trade watchdog CCI’s approval for their long- pending USD 4-billion merger, but with a condition that they will have to modify the deal by divesting seven key products to address monopoly concerns.
The regulator, which has ordered Ranbaxy to sell six products and Sun to divest one, will also appoint a monitoring committee to oversee compliance to the conditions put forth by it to ensure that the merger does not hit competition.
The approval, which comes within days of clearance from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), for the deal that was announced in April and would create create India’s largest and world’s fifth biggest drug-maker.
Besides, this was the first case which the Competition Commission of India (CCI) subjected to a public scrutiny process as it had found the deal ‘prima facie’ in violation of the competition laws.
In its order dated December 5 and made public today, the CCI said it “approves the proposed combination… subject to the parties carrying out the modification to the proposed combination”.
CCI has directed Sun Pharma to divest all products containing ‘Tamsulosin + Tolterodine’ which are at present marketed and supplied under the Tamlet brand name.
Similarly, Ranbaxy would be required to divest all products containing Leuprorelin which are marketed and supplied under the Eligard brand name.
Ranbaxy would also have to divest products such as Terlibax, Rosuvas EZ, Olanex F, Raciper L and Triolvance.
According to the fair trade watchdog, the modification to the proposed deal aims “to maintain the existing level of competition in the relevant markets in India”.
The merged entity would have operations in 65 nations, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, along with a global portfolio of speciality and generic products.
CCI Chairman Ashok Chawla later said this was the Commission’s final order in the case and it was likely to appoint the monitoring agency in the next few days to oversee compliance to the directions.
As per the order, Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy have six months to divest or procure the divestiture of divestment products.
“The divestiture shall not be given effect to unless and until the Commission has approved the terms of final and binding sale and purchase agreement(s) and the purchaser(s) proposed by the parties,” the order said.
“The proposed combination shall not be effected by the parties until approved sale and purchase agreement(s) have been entered into in accordance with the order,” it added.
CCI also asked the two firms to give full information regarding divestment products to potential purchasers so as to enable them to undertake reasonable due diligence.
“The parties may require the potential purchasers to execute a confidentiality agreement before providing access to information regarding the divestment product(s),” CCI said.
Further, CCI would appoint a monitoring agency to “monitor the due diligence process, including the preparation of data room documentation, in accordance with the monitoring agency agreement”.
Sun and Ranbaxy are each required to appoint a senior management level employee within seven days who would under the supervision of the monitoring agency ensure that the economic viability, marketability and competitiveness of the divestment products are maintained till the closing date.
As per the Commission’s order divestment would not include any manufacturing facilities of the two companies, intellectual property rights which do not contribute to the current operations as well as general books of account and books of original entry that comprise the parties permanent accounting or tax records.
In April, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries announced it would acquire troubled rival Ranbaxy Laboratories in a USD 4-billion deal that includes USD 800 million debt. The transaction has valued Ranbaxy at 2.2 times its USD 1.8 billion revenue for 2013, or about Rs 457 per share.
Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy agree to sell 7 products to meet CCI conditions
Asked by CCI to divest seven products, drug makers Sun Pharmaceutical and Ranbaxy today said they will comply with the conditions put forth by the fair trade regulator to take forward their proposed merger.
While approving their USD 4-billion merger, Competition Commission of India (CCI) has asked the two companies to divest seven products to address anti-competitive concerns.
“Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy are looking forward to progressing towards the completion of the transaction and will comply with the conditions laid down by the CCI within the specified time,” the two firms said in a joint statement.
They also added that these products constitute less than one per cent of the combined entity’s revenues in India. The divestment needs to be finalised within six months.
The two companies announced their merger in April this year and the merged entity is expected to be India’s largest and the world’s fifth largest drug maker with combined revenue of USD 4.2 billion.
In their joint statement, the two firms said they have received the CCI order where acquisition of Ranbaxy by Sun Pharma has been approved “subject to compliance with certain conditions”.
“Over the past few months, the CCI has sought information and detailed clarifications for the purposes of making its assessment. One of the preconditions of the order is that parties procure the divestment of seven products,” they added.
Terming the CCI approval as a major milestone for the deal, Sun Pharma MD Dilip Shanghvi said: “It revalidates our view that the Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy businesses complement each other with limited product overlap, and will offer a comprehensive product basket to enable future growth.
Ranbaxy CEO Arun Sawhney said, “We are confident that post closure, the combined entity will enable sustainable long term growth and deliver immense value for all stakeholders.”
Established in 1983, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries has emerged as a major speciality pharmaceutical company with over 75 per cent sales from global markets, while it has expanded its business mostly through acquisitions.
For the year ending March 2014, its overall revenues were at USD 2.7 billion, of which the US contributed USD 1.6 billion.
Ranbaxy was also a home-grown company, but its then promoters, Malvinder Mohan Singh and Shivinder Mohan Singh, sold the majority stake in the company to Japan’s Daiichi Sankyo in 2008. In April this year, Ranbaxy reached a deal for its merger with Sun Pharma.
Ranbaxy has been going through frequent regulatory run-ins with overseas health watchdogs including in the US and Europe.
TAGS: Ranbaxy Laboratories Sun Pharmaceutical Industries
More from companies

Narendra Modi out of race for TIME magazine s  Person of the Year  titleHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not made it to the list of eight finalists selected by TIME magazine for its annual ‘Person of the Year’ title.
TIME editors narrowed their list from 50 global leaders and CEOs to eight individuals whose names were announced today.
The finalists for the annual honour are: Alibaba group head Jack Ma, Ebola caregivers, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Apple CEO Tim Cook, Fergusan protesters, singer Taylor Swift, National Football League commissioner Roger Stokoe Goodell and Masoud Barzani — the Kurdish politician who has led the Iraqi-Kurdistan region since 2005.
The TIME’s editors will choose the Person of the Year and would announce on December 10.
Modi had been the front-runner in an online poll conducted by TIME in which it had asked its readers to vote for who according to them should win the ‘Person of the Year’ title.
TIME is yet to announce the winner of its online readers’ poll.
The annual honour, bestowed by the magazine since 1927, goes to the person who “most influenced the news” during the year “for better or worse.”
TAGS: Narendra Modi Times Magazine
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

U.S. military braces for release of CIA interrogation reportBy Dan Lamothe December 8 Follow @danlamothe
Marines with Echo Company, 2nd Battalion, 8th Marines, unload from an MV-22B Osprey at Camp Lejeune, N.C., on Oct. 30, while training to reinforce U.S. embassies abroad. (Photo by Lance Cpl. Preston McDonald/U.S. Marine Corps)
The U.S. military has put thousands of troops on alert ahead of the expected release Tuesday of a Senate report detailing the CIA’s post-Sept. 11 detention and interrogation program, defense officials said.
U.S. officials fear disclosures about harsh interrogation techniques used at the CIA’s now-shuttered secret prisons could spark a violent backlash in Africa, the Middle East or in countries where anti-American sentiments often run strong, including Afghanistan and Pakistan. Army Gens. Lloyd Austin and David Rodriguez, the commanders of U.S. Central Command and U.S. Africa Command, respectively, have ordered troops be placed on a higher alert status after the Pentagon called for combatant commanders across the world to review security plans they had in place, a defense official said. The news was reported Monday by CNN .
The troops on heightened states of alert are mostly Marines, a Pentagon official told Checkpoint. The units involved include a crisis-response unit that has Marines in Sigonella, Italy, and Morón, Spain, a second crisis-response unit with troops in Kuwait and Iraq, and 50-man teams of fleet anti-terrorism security team (FAST) Marines that are typically called upon to reinforce U.S. embassies.
About 4,000 Marines and sailors with the three-ship Makin Island Amphibious Ready Group, out of San Diego, also are currently in the Middle East. The USS Makin Island, the main ship in the group, was in the Gulf of Aden on Sunday, Navy officials said on the ship’s Facebook page Monday. On board are Marines from the 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit, of Camp Pendleton, Calif. They also have the ability to reinforce embassies if required.
Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.), vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said releasing the CIA interrogation report is a mistake that could put U.S. national security in jeopardy. (Jackie Kucinich/The Washington Post)
Last week,  Secretary of State John Kerry  called the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) to discuss the potential fallout from the release of the report, and urged her to consider implications overseas in light of ongoing military operations by the United States and partner militaries against the Islamic State militant group in Iraq and Syria as well as the continued detention of Americans hostages.
The report’s release Tuesday now appears to be lock: White House press secretary John Earnest said Monday that while the timing of the report’s release is up to the Senate Intelligence Committee, the administration had been informed it would be released Tuesday.
White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Monday that releasing the U.S. report on torture has been a goal of the administration since President Obama's first days in office. (Reuters)
“There are some indications that… the release of the report could lead to a greater risk that is posed to U.S. facilities and individuals all around the world,” Earnest said. “So, the administration has taken the prudent steps to ensure that the proper security precautions are in place at U.S. facilities around the globe.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Two IIT-Delhi students get 1.42-crore job deals each at FacebookIn the first week of placement, two computer science students of IIT-Delhi have landed annual pay packages of Rs. 1.42 crore each at social networking site Facebook.
A file photo of Indian Institute of Technology campus in Delhi. (Arvind Yadav/HT photo)
“One of them is from Btech and the other from Mtech, computer science. They have so far been given the highest package of $230,000 per annum,” said Akshay Malik, student co-ordinator of the placement cell, IIT-Delhi.
A similar package was offered to three students of IIT-Bombay this year.
The placements started from December 1 and will conclude on December 20. “The placement will begin again in January and will extend till April,” said Malik.
While the two students have bagged hefty packages, some students have rejected international offers of over $125,000 (Rs 77, 28,750) per annum as base pay.
Many such students either accept offers from these companies’ counterparts in India or other firms with domestic offers on campus.
A number of technology companies have given packages of over $100,000 per annum as base pay in international positions.
According to the institution, there was a 30 percent increase in the total number of offers by companies on campus this year as compared to last year.
The number of companies that visited campus in the first week saw a surge of 20 percent.
Last year, around 570 IIT-Delhi students were placed in various companies up to December 16. This year, in the first week itself, the total number of offers, including PPOs (preferred provider organisation), crossed 600.
FMCG firms like Hindustan Unilever Limited, ITC, GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare, Nestle and Wipro Consumer Care visited the campus for hiring.
For the first time, a Venture Capital firm visited IIT-Delhi.
Along with the giants, start-ups such as Flipkart, OlaCabs, Snapdeal, One97 (PayTM), AM Marketplace (Limeroad) and SSN Logistics (Delhivery) have also hired students in large numbers.
As per IIT-D, nearly 50 percent of the students have already got jobs during the first week of placement.

Nepal PM Sushil Koiralas only possessions are three mobilesprint
The trappings of power and office don’t seem to have affected Nepal Prime Minister Sushil Koirala as latest revelations of his property details suggest.
As per details of his moveable and immovable assets submitted on Monday to the Office of the Prime Minister and Council of Ministers (OPMCM), Koirala owns nothing more than three mobile phones.
“Prime Minister Sushil Koirala has only three mobile phone sets as his property,” the state-run Rastriya Samachar Samiti reported.
The 74-year-old had submitted the same details earlier in March this year, a month after assuming office, making him probably one of the poorest heads of government in the world.
Koirala is known in Nepal for his austere and simple lifestyle. Though he has been in active politics for over five decades, he never held any public post before being elected as the country’s 37th prime minister.
He doesn’t have any house, land, bank balance, shares in financial institutions, gold or silver ornaments. A bachelor, Koirala didn’t even have a bank account when he assumed office.
When he submitted his property details in March it was stated he would open one after receiving his first pay cheque. But whether he has done it or not is not known. 
The prime minister also owns a watch and a gold ring, but since he is not sure whether the ring is made of gold or not he decided against mentioning it in his property details the last time.
Government officials and elected representatives in Nepal have to submit details of their as well as their relatives’ properties as per law.

AAP slams Centre over Uber cab rape caseHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
Launching a scathing attack against the Centre, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) said the government was “insensitive” to the issue of women’s security, after a 27-year-old woman was allegedly raped by a cab driver.
The party, whose workers staged protests outside Home Minister Rajnath Singh’s residence and Lt Governor’s House over the issue, said there was “systematic failure” in the case and instead of giving an explanation, Singh merely read out an SHO report in Parliament today.
“The Home Minister did not give any assurance in Parliament. He also did not say anything on steps being taken by the government to ensure that this kind of incident does not occur again. He also fell short of taking moral responsibility for the incident and acknowledging the failure of the government in ensuring security for women in capital city,” senior Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Yogendra Yadav said.
He said the driver was a repeat offender and was issued a character certificate by the Delhi Police in May this year.
“The government has acted irresponsibly on the matter. In a knee-jerk reaction, the government has banned the services of Uber, but it is yet to fix accountability of the officials who were responsible for background check of the driver involved in the incident.
“Media has also reported that the Delhi Police officials had issued a character certificate to accused Shiv Kumar Yadav despite him being a repeat offender. It is intriguing how Delhi police did not check his past criminal record before issuing a character certificate,” Yadav said.
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) also demanded that the government must hold those police officials accountable and punish them.
Delhi Police Commissioner has termed the certificate as fake and ordered an inquiry into it.
TAGS: Aam Aadmi Party Uber
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Expect 12-13% growth in auto industry by FY15-end: SIAMDec 09, 2014, 01.12 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Expect 12-13% growth in auto industry by FY15-end: SIAM
According to Vikram Kirloskar, there is improvement in April-November production numbers with better growth seen across various categories. in the auto sector.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect 12-13% growth in auto industry by FY15-end: SIAM
According to Vikram Kirloskar, there is improvement in April-November production numbers with better growth seen across various categories. in the auto sector.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Domestic passenger car sales increased 9.52 percent to 1,56,445 units in November as compared with 1,42,849 units in the year-ago month. According to Vikram Kirloskar, President, Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM), there is improvement in April-November production numbers. The improvement is seen across various categories in the auto sector, he adds. 
SIAM expects the industry to grow 12-13 percent by FY15 end.
However, as per the data by SIAM, exports in the period from April to November were up only 2.79 percent though exports grew 25 percent in November. But overall, across all categories, the growth is 11.74 percent mainly led by two-wheelers and so, there is definitely some improvement in the last few months, adds Kirloskar.
Sales of commercial vehicles rose 9.05 percent to 47,686 units in November SIAM said.
Vehicle sales across categories registered an increase of 5.03 percent to 16,03,292 units from 15,26,514 units in November 2013, it added.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Could you take us through the total sales numbers, it has come in at around 16 lakh units, how much of it could be attributed because of a low base? Looking ahead, have you peaked out around those 16 lakh units?
A: We are looking at growth from last year which is a positive sign. If I look at April to November numbers, production numbers have improved.
Four-wheelers have improved by almost 2.6 percent, domestic sales by 2.68 percent, commercial vehicles have improved a bit, so everything looks a better than last year even if I look at April to November numbers.
Q: What stands out in the November monthly data is the improvement in the exports growth, it has come in at a whopping 25 percent, what led to this jump in exports in this particular month and is this growth rate sustainable?
A: We always have to keep looking a bit at averages. If I look at exports over April to November period for passenger vehicles where you said it is 25 percent in November, it has increased only 2.79 percent. So there may be a little movement from one month to the other.
If I look at overall production also, April to November it is 2.69 percent up for four-wheelers, overall, it is 11.74 percent mainly led by the two-wheelers. So there is definitely some improvement in the last few months since April.
Q: Do you think the worst is over for the commercial vehicle (CV) sector as a whole? We had Eicher Motors management join us earlier and told us they expect the CV industry to grow by around 4-5 percent by the end of FY15 and they also went ahead and stated that for the FY15 they are expecting 10 percent growth. Is that realistic?
A: Each vehicle company has its own strategy on how they are growing, what markets they are penetrating. So each one will have its own way and Eicher has been doing particularly well in the last couple of years. So they have an excellent strategy for growth.
If I look at the industry as a whole, if we are at 2.6 or whatever percentage for four-wheeler this year and 11 percent for the whole industry this year, I am hoping that at the end of the year, if growth continues we will hit as an industry maybe 12-13 percent growth. Next year, little more than that is what my expectation.
The worst has definitely bottomed out, maybe the slope going up is not steep but I think there is some sign of a slope.
Q: When we spoke to you last time, you had indicated that car sales will be sub-5 percent in this fiscal year, what is the current assessment of what the total vehicle sales will be for FY15? If you can break that up in two-wheelers, in three-wheelers, what is SIAM’s estimates and forecast for FY15?
A: At SIAM, we have stopped giving forecast. What I am telling you is my personal opinion and expectation. I expect the domestic sales will improve by March compared to last year. For four-wheelers, I expect about 3-3.5 percent for domestic sales. We will see an increase in medium and heavy commercial vehicles (MHCV), light commercial vehicles (LCV) there maybe a decrease from last year, three-wheelers up, two-wheelers up.
RELATED NEWS

Jharkhand polls: Nearly 13% polling till 9 amHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
Amid tight security, nearly 13 per cent of the electorate exercised their franchise in the first two hours of polling in 17 constituencies spread across eight districts of Jharkhand today.
While Koderma recorded the maximum 16.90 per cent voting in the first two hours, Barkagaon constituency witnessed the minimum at 7.60 per cent, polling officials said.
Some faulty EVMs were immediately replaced on receiving complaints from a few polling booths, they said.
Voters were seen standing in queues in front of the booths from 7 AM and were keeping themselves warm by lighting small fires by the roadside near booths.
Former Jharkhand chief minister Babulal Marandi, ex-Assembly speaker C P Singh and three incumbent ministers are among the candidates whose fate will be decided in today’s election.
Besides Dhanwar where polls are being held today, Babulal Marandi is also contesting from Giridh where elections will be held in the next phase on December 14.
Eight MLAs are seeking re-elections in this phase, having 103 independent candidates out of a total of 289, including 26 women.
Security forces are keeping a close watch in the Maoist-affected areas where 1,957 booths have been marked as highly sensitive and 1,477 as sensitive booths.
There are as many as 2,713,65 voters in the 18/19 age group in the electorate of 50,16,657, including 23,55,728 women.
The constituencies going to the poll in the third phase are Kodarma, Barkatha, Barhi, Barkagaon, Ramgarh, Mandu, Hazaribagh, Simaria (SC), Dhanwar, Gomia, Bermo, Ichagarh, Silli, Khijri (ST), Ranchi, Hatia and Kanke (SC).
Polling will end at 3 PM in 14 constituencies and at 5 PM in Ranchi, Hatia and Kanke constituencies.
Polling was going on peacefully at Ichagarh constituency where JVM (Prajatantrik) candidate and sitting MLA Arvind Kumar Singh and 11 others were arrested following a clash between his supporters and BJP workers in adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district in the early hours today.
DIG (Kolhan) Md Nehal said the incident had nothing to do with the polls.
Polling for 33 of the 81 seats was held on November 25 and December 2 which registered 61.92 per cent and 64.68 per cent voters’ turnout respectively.
TAGS: Jharkhand Assembly Jharkhand Elections
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Executive plane crashes into Maryland house  kills sixprint
A firefighter stands outside a smoldering house where a small plane crashed in Gaithersburg, Maryland. (AP Photo)
An executive jet crashed into a Maryland house on Monday, killing all three people aboard the plane and a mother and two children inside the house, a fire official said.
The pilot of the jet who died in the crash had previously crashed a plane destined for the same airport in 2010, according to records.
The Embraer SA twin-engine Phenom 100 crashed into a home about one mile (1.6 km) from the Montgomery County Airpark in Gaithersburg, a Washington suburb.
According to the Federal Aviation Administration, the plane was registered to Michael Rosenberg, an adjunct professor of epidemiology at University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill and CEO of clinical research company Health Decisions, Inc.
In 2010, Rosenberg crashed another airplane near Monday's wreck site, although there were no injuries in that crash, according to National Transportation Safety Board records. The 2010 accident occurred at the Montgomery County Airpark, also Rosenberg's destination on Monday, when he lost control while landing and crashed into trees, according to records.
Monday's crash killed Rosenberg who was piloting the aircraft and the two other people on board, as well as a mother and two children in the home, Montgomery County Fire and Rescue spokesperson Pete Piringer said on Twitter.
The crash sparked a fire that destroyed two homes, and three others were damaged. Piringer said crews had contained the fires but some jet fuel had leaked into a stream.
The plane had departed from an airport on the Chapel Hill campus at 9:30am., an NTSB spokesperson told a news conference on Monday night. 
Investigators, who were expected to be on the scene for up to seven days, will examine the experience and training of the pilot, weather factors, engine condition and interview the aircraft controller who handled the attempted landing, NTSB spokesperson Robert Sumwalt said. They will also look into a possible bird strike.
"Our mission is to find out what happened and why it happened so it will never happen again," Sumwalt told the news conference.
Witnesses told local media that the plane had been circling with the wheels down, and looked as if it was struggling for control.

Hearing in Oscar Pistorius CaseHELP
[{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","description":"Up close and personal to a few of China's Giant Pandas, live from Bifengxia, the largest panda reserve and research center in the world.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"}]

PM Narendra Modi wishes Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on her 68th birthdayHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today greeted Congress President Sonia Gandi on her birthday, wishing her a long and healthy life.
“Best wishes to Congress President Smt. Sonia Gandhi on her birthday. May Almighty bless her with a long and healthy life,” Modi tweeted.
Sonia, who turned 68 today, has decided not to celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks in Jammu and Kashmir and Chhattisgarh respectively.
“In solidarity with the martyred Army and police personnel there, Gandhi has asked Congresspersons not to celebrate her birthday,” the party had said in a statement here yesterday.
This is the first birthday of Gandhi after the last Lok Sabha elections, which saw a virtual rout of Congress nationwide at the hands of BJP.
Eleven security force personnel were killed in a predawn attack by militants on an Army camp in Uri area of Baramulla district in Jammu and Kashmir on December 5.
All the six militants involved in the attack were also killed. Maoists had unleashed a major attack, killing 14 CRPF personnel and injuring 12 others in Naxal-hit Sukma district of Chhattisgarh on December 1.
TAGS: Narendra Modi Sonia Gandhi
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

India most optimistic on hiring plans for Jan-Mar 2015: ReportIndia most optimistic on hiring plans for Jan-Mar 2015: Report
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 01:04 PM IST
Opportunities for job seekers are expected to grow even better in the new year with employers in India being most optimistic foreseeing vigorous hiring activity in the January-March period, says a report.
According to the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey released today by ManpowerGroup, this is the fourth time in a row that employers in India have reported the most optimistic hiring plans among the 42 countries participated in the quarterly research.
The net employment outlook for India stood at 45 per cent indicating that job seekers may benefit from a vigorous hiring pace in the months ahead.
"The government initiatives, designed to make labour markets more flexible to effectively address employability gaps and combined with signs that the Indian business environment is improving, are reinforcing employer confidence," A G Rao Group Managing Director ManpowerGroup India said.
The report said that hiring plans rebound for the upcoming quarter from the year-ago levels in most industry sectors and all regions, and overall hiring pace is expected to be "vigorous".
"Companies are back in hiring mode. Opportunities for job seekers are expected to grow even stronger as emphasis is placed on improving both business growth and employment generation," Rao said adding that a rise in the number of start-up ventures and the emergence of India as an investment destination has also helped in building up the momentum.
The most optimistic hiring plans are reported by employers in the wholesale and retail trade sector and the finance, insurance and real estate sector.
From a regional perspective, employers in the Southern and Western regions anticipate the most opportunities for job seekers in the months ahead, reporting Net Employment Outlooks of 46 per cent and 45 per cent, respectively.
Across the globe, employers in 38 of the 42 countries and territories report positive first-quarter hiring plans.
While employer confidence in both the US and the UK continues to gradually improve, hiring intentions in China and Brazil remain positive, but the energetic pace that once characterised both labour markets has now slowed to more modest levels.
Hiring confidence for the January-March period is once again strongest in India, Taiwan and New Zealand.
The weakest and only negative forecasts are reported by employers in Finland, Italy, Netherlands and Switzerland, the report said.
Among the Asia Pacific countries, employers in India report the strongest hiring plans across the globe, while the weakest forecast is reported by Australian firms, it added.

Vegetables from India flood markets in PeshawarYou are here: Home > Collections > Vegetables
Vegetables from India flood markets in Peshawar
PTI Dec 9, 2014, 02.13PM IST
Tags:
afghanistan
(The production of ginger…)
PESHAWAR: Vegetables from India have flooded local markets in this northwestern Pakistani city, giving relief to the common man by helping in slashing of prices by nearly half.
Peas and Tomatoes from India have reached in large quantity in the markets. The pea bags which used to be sold at Rs 3,000 are now to Rs 1,200 while the price of 22 kg tomato bags came down to Rs 700. The prices of local tomato reduced to Rs 200 per 12 kg.
The Indian vegetables are also being exported to Afghanistan . The pea imported from India was in high demand in the local markets of both the countries.
President of Vegetables Association Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Malik Sohni Khan said that 'Adrak', 'Thoom' and 'Limo', which were earlier imported only from China, are now being imported from India as well.
The trade with China in these commodities is approximately Rs 200 million a month, he said.
Malik Fateh Muhammad, a vegetable trader said that of the total 25 trucks vegetables imported from India, ten were sent to Kabul while the remaining 15 were sold in Peshawar.
He told that the prices of the vegetables decreased due to arrival of the Indian vegetables and had this not occurred the prices would have jumped manifold here.
Potato was imported from India despite the fact its prices were low in the local markets, he said.
The production of ginger has almost ended in Peshawar after its massive import from India. A 50 kg bag of ginger is being sold at Rs 4,800 in the local markets.
Another dealer Anis said though the local farmers were affected from the import of Indian vegetables but it was giving much relief to the people.
Pea farmer Saqib said that the vegetables imported from India have affected the entry of locally produced vegetables in the markets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi-Obama summit helped reignite US biz in...Barack Obama
(Senior Congress leader Shashi Tharoor,…)
NEW DELHI: Did Prime Minister Narendra Modi's summit meeting with US President Barack Obama in September signal a paradigm shift in bilateral ties? Was it a ground-breaking moment in Indo-US ties that had seen a slump over the years? Experts, including former diplomats, do not think it was a paradigm shift, but agree the visit was trend-setting and helped reignite US business interest in India.
Senior Congress leader Shashi Tharoor , however, said he did not see any tangible result from Modi's US visit, rather it was a "damp squib" and there was "very little beyond the blather" to contribute to bilateral ties.
Former foreign secretary Lalit Mansingh, addressing a panel discussion on 'Modi-Obama Summit: A paradigm shift in India-US Relation' at the University of Chicago Center here Monday evening, said that Modi's visit was trend-setting and helped repair the damage to bilateral relations of the past four years.
"The visit brought back the fizz to bilateral relations, and the mood to US business about India," said Mansingh at the seminar partnered by the Indo-American Friendship Association. He added that around $40 billion worth of transactions were inked following the Modi visit.
According to Mansingh, the "ground-breaking moment" in bilateral ties was the inking of the civil nuclear deal between then prime minister Manmohan Singh and George Bush in June 2005.
Tharoor, who is chair of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on External Affairs, said he did not think that the intensive engagement between the Obama and Modi governments in the last six months has resulted in "much substance, unprecedented or paradigm shift" in bilateral ties.
According to him, the US is not impressed by the "big soundbytes" of Modi and "What they are looking for is action not words, results not hype. And that's what we are looking forward to in India too, and we havn't seen enough of that."
"When that happens, there will be substantive change" in ties, Tharoor said.
According to veteran journalist and Rajya Sabha member H.K. Dua, while the Modi invite to Obama to attend the Republic Day Parade next year is a major achievement, the US president would be expecting some returns from India.
"Obama would expect, would like India to be generous in climate change, investments in the defence arena," Dua said, and added that the US has been "holding back" in giving sensitive technology to India.
According to economist Rajiv Kumar of the Centre for Policy Research, India-US relations will improve if the business relations improve. He added that India needs to make the nuclear liability law more accomodative.
Michael Pelletier, US deputy chief of mission, said that bilateral ties are witnessing "a very public engagement to take relations forward" and mentioned the bilateral Defence Technology and Trade Initiative (DTTI), which he said was for co-production with India.
"What is changing is the confidence... the range of visits and talks indicate we are moving forward," the US official added.
According to author Gurcharan Das, the "proof of the pudding is in the business-to-business relations". He said if India can raise its name in ease of doing business, it would add a fillip to ties.
The event was moderated by former diplomat Surendra Kumar, co-founder of the Indo-American Friendship Association, and also addressed by Denise M. Jorgens, director of International House at the University of Chicago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi rape: FIR against Uber for cheating  driver booked for forgeryGovt speaks in two voices on banning radio cabs
Karn Pratap Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 13:35 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 03:16 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
The government on Tuesday asked all states and Union territories to stop operations of web-based cab-booking services but appeared to be talking in two voices about the proposed ban with ministers differing over the way such companies should be regulated.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
While home minister Rajnath Singh told the Rajya Sabha that his ministry had “advised state governments to ensure operations of web-based taxi services are stopped”, his colleague and road transport minister Nitin Gadkari said such a ban didn’t make sense.
Singh's statement comes a day after the Delhi government banned all unregistered internet taxi services, including Uber, Ola, TaxiForSure and TaxiPixi, for not following existing transport department regulations.
Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure cabs on Delhi's roads despite ban
According to the home ministry, service providers which are not licensed with the state government and UT administrations are prohibited to operate till they get registered.
But, Gadkari told reporters outside Parliament, “Tomorrow, if something happens on a train or a bus, we can’t ban that. Similarly, if something of this sort happens on a plane, that too cannot be banned,”
The minister added modern concepts like these were being implemented worldwide, in countries like the UK and US. “Banning is not a solution. We should look at ways to effectively regulate it,” Gadkari said.
Speaking in a suo-moto statement in the Upper House, Singh had said the government would take all steps to ensure the safety of women and children but clarified the Centre wanted to regulate operations of cab-booking companies and not ban them.
“The government strongly condemns this dastardly act. All necessary steps are being taken to bring the offender to justice,” Singh said.
In spite of the government advisory, Uber cabs continued to ply in most metro cities on Tuesday. In Mumbai and Kolkata, the service was available and the smartphone app active. In Bengaluru, cabs on the web-based app were unavailable though no clear ban was announced in the southern city.
Uber’s smartphone app also continued to remain active and cabs available for hire in Delhi, more than 24 hours after the US-based firm was banned in the Capital following the rape of a 25-year-old woman Friday night. 
Uber, meanwhile, was booked by the Delhi Police for allegedly misleading their passengers by claiming they do a background verification on their drivers.  
 
An FIR under Section 420 (cheating) and 34 (common intention) was filed against the US-based company at the Sarai Rohilla police station, Madhur Verma, DCP (north), told Hindustan Times on Tuesday.
 
"Our investigation... revealed that no (driver) verification was being done by Uber in India. This means they were circulating wrong information to people here who were using their services. This violation certainly attracts a cheating case against them," said a police officer.
(with HTC inputs from Bengaluru, Mumbai and Kolkata)

Sri Lankan stocks slip on political uncertaintySri Lankan stocks slip on political uncertainty
Reuters
Tweet
Colombo, Dec 9:  
Sri Lankan stocks slipped on Tuesday as investors were cautious due to political uncertainty ahead of the January 8 presidential poll.
At 0825 GMT, the main stock index was down 0.21 per cent at 7,226.80.
“Market is volatile with the political uncertainty. With the recent crossovers, investors are waiting for direction,’’ said Reshan Kurukulasuriya, chief operating officer of Richard Pieris Securities (Pvt) Ltd.
“Whoever comes into power the market will be positive and more positive. What we see is a small hiccup only.’’
Nineteen candidates, including President Mahinda Rajapaksa and former Health Minister Mithripala Sirisena, the consensus candidate of a united Opposition, submitted their nominations for the polls.
Nine loyalists from Rajapaksa’s United People's Freedom Alliance, including Sirisena, defected after he announced snap elections last week.
Rajapaksa said after submitting the nominations that the general secretary of the main Opposition United National party had joined him. Another Opposition legislator has pledged support to him.
Speculation over more defections also weighed on the sentiment, analysts said.
Turnover stood at SLR 639.8 million ($4.88 million), with 17.4 million shares changing hands.
Rupee forwards
Four-day rupee forwards traded steady as importer dollar demand offset greenback sales by exporters, dealers said.
The spot currency and three-day forwards, or spot-next, were not traded after the central bank capped the currency at predetermined levels to prevent volatility.
Central bank officials were not available for comment.
Dealers said four-day forwards traded weaker at 131.95/132.00 per dollar at 0830 GMT, compared with Monday's close of 131.92/97. ($1 = 131.2000 Sri Lankan rupees)
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Hiring activity up 13% in November: Naukri.comHiring activity up 13% in November: Naukri.com
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
Hiring activity witnessed a 13 per cent rise year-on-year in November with all key sectors led by accounting and telecom registering robust growth, says a report.
The Naukri Job Speak Index for November 2014 stood at 1,471, indicating a 13 per cent growth in hiring as compared with the same month a year ago.
A monthly comparison, however, shows a decline of 3.09 per cent in hiring when compared with October 2014.
“With the economic situation improving gradually, businesses are optimistic and we are hopeful that hiring activity will step up further in the coming months,” Info edge (India) Managing Director and CEO Hitesh Oberoi said.
Most sectors registered year-on-year growth in the Naukri Job Speak Index in November 2014.
Accounting and telecom were the most bullish sectors, followed by banking, ITeS and pharma. Sectors such as retail, insurance and healthcare also witnessed a significant increase in hiring in November.
According to a city-wise analysis, all metro cities have seen a revival in hiring activity and the maximum growth was registered in Pune and Chennai, followed by Bangalore and Mumbai.
Delhi-NCR and Hyderabad witnessed a 14 per cent growth each in the same period, while Kolkata witnessed an 8 per cent increase in the Naukri Job Speak Index for November 2014.
The demand for professionals in the HR and administration verticals registered the maximum growth among other prominent functional areas.
Fuelled by the growth of the Internet sector, the demand for Web designing candidates also grew by 30 per cent in the same period. Following very closely were the accounts and finance professionals.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

PM Narendra Modi govt gets thumbs up from Indian consumers  shows ZyFin indexBlack money outflow from India up nine-fold in a decade, loss of $94.7 mn
Macro-analytics firm ZyFin’s Economic Conditions Index has been on a steady uptrend, reflecting improving mood of consumers. The monthly index has been on an uptrend since January 2014, reaching its highest score of 67.2 in November 2014 – the Index is a barometer of Indian consumers’ perceptions on the economic conditions of the country.
Since the uptrend coincides with the period in which India saw a change in government with PM Narendra Modi-led NDA govt replacing former PM Manmohan Singh-led UPA, it suggests a growing belief among consumers that economic conditions will improve in the near future and that, in turn, should have an impact on India’s consumer-driven economy.
The index had been on a steady downtrend since its inception in October 2011, before bottoming out in December 2013, with Indian consumers expressing their disappointment with the prolonged slowdown over two consecutive years.
Indian spenders now, however, see a ray of hope in the new government and this shift in opinion may go a long way in determining India’s aggregate demand, driven by heightened consumption. This will be an effective solution to grow the sagging GDP; although, much depends on the government’s continued ability to manage these expectations, which is necessary for Indian consumers to feel confident enough to loosen their purse strings.
The recovery in Economic Conditions is a widespread phenomenon, with consumers in all four regions of the country, North, South, East and West voicing similar opinions. Interestingly, consumers in South India were first to react, with the Index for this part of the country starting to pick up as early as June 2013. The remaining regions joined in the beginning of this year.
Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research, said, “It is encouraging to note that consumers have faith in the Indian economic recovery. With rising confidence towards better employment and income conditions, consumer spending should bounce back, leading to a sustained demand-pulled expansion in economic activity.”
Note: ZyFin Research’s Economic Conditions Index is the only tracker of Indian consumers’ perception toward current and expected economic conditions. It is based on a monthly survey of 3,000 consumers in 11 Indian cities, representing urban consumers
TAGS: Indian Economy Narendra Modi Zyfin Research
More from economy
Explained: How India will become a common market with GST With cascading taxes gone, over a period of time the lower tax burden could translate into lower prices for goods for consumers...

Police finalise plans to clear Hong Kong protest sitesPolice finalise plans to clear Hong Kong protest sites
IANS | Hong Kong Dec 09, 2014 02:04 PM IST
More than 3,000 police officers are slated to be deployed in order to clear the protest zones in Hong Kong this week, media reported Tuesday.
According to police officials, the clearance of Occupy camps in Admiralty and Causeway Bay is likely to take place Thursday, South China Morning Post reported.
Details of the operation will be finalised after a meeting with a plaintiff and bailiffs Tuesday.
"Police will clear the entire Admiralty site, including areas that are not covered in the injunction order," an official said.
"We aim to clear all occupied roads and reopen traffic."
"Police will give protesters time to pack their belongings and leave the sites before officers move in," the official added.
Police recently estimated that the number of protesters remaining in Causeway Bay was less than 50.
The clearance plan was revealed Monday after Chief Executive C Y Leung said Sunday that 'furious resistance' is expected from some protesters at the Admiralty sit-in site during the clearance - a move which may bring an end to the occupation which has lasted for more than 70 days.
"Appropriate force will be used if protesters storm police cordons, put up resistance and refuse to cooperate," he said.
Civil unrest began in the territory late September, after the Beijing government made public its plan for electoral reform in Hong Kong, where the selection of candidates for the 2017 election would be placed in the hands of a committee of 1,200 members.
Mong Kok district, having a high population density and a large amount of business and tourist activity, has been the scene of one of the most violent clashes since the protests began.
The pro-democracy protesters are demanding a free choice of candidates in voting for the next chief executive in 2017.

Sensex falls more than 200 points on selling pressure  Nifty downMARKET UPDATE: Sensex ends below 28,000, Nifty falls over 97 pts on global sell-off
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 17:01 IST
Photo: Reuters
Markets on Tuesday plunged to over one-month lows with benchmark Sensex tumbling 322.39 points to end at 27,797.01 on losses in power, metal and capital goods shares amid a sell-off in China and other global markets.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty tanked 97.55 points to end below 8,400-mark at 8,340.70 as stocks fell for the third straight session.
Fall of global crude prices to five-year lows failed to lift the global sentiment as Chinese stocks dropped over 5 per cent on tighter lending norms and over 1 per cent drop in European indices, said traders.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensex remained in negative terrain for the major part of the session on sustained selling pressure.
It moved between 27,763.82 and 28,157.53 range, before ending with a sharp loss of 322.39 points, or 1.15 per cent, at 27,797.01. This is its weakest close since October 30.
In the previous two sessions, Sensex shed 443.42 points.
The overall market breadth was negative as about 900 stocks rose while over 2,000 scrips fell.
"Sell-offs seen in Asian markets impacted market sentiments for the day. Brent crude was seen dropping to its fresh 5-year lows, below $66 a barrel," said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Experts said data showing current account deficit widened to $10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, in July-September quarter of this fiscal, raised concerns at a time when markets are pricing are strong recovery of the country's economy.
Sesa Sterlite shares emerged the biggest loser among Sensex components by tumbling over 5 per cent. Shares of state-run ONGC plunged 4.29 per cent.
Other notable laggards include Tata Power, Bharti Airtel, NTPC, Tata Steel, Hindalco, BHEL, L&T, Tata Motors, Wipro, SBI, Cipla, Maruti Suzuki, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank.
Almost all the major Asian stock markets fell after Chinese market tumbled 5.43 per cent, the most since 2009.
Indices in Hong Kong and Japan were among the worst-hit.
Sectorally, BSE Power index suffered the most by losing 2.75 per cent, followed by Metal index (2.71 per cent), Capital Goods (2.29 per cent) and Consumer Durables (2.11 per cent) among others. Selling activity in small and midcap also gathered momentum with BSE Smallcap falling 1.59 per cent and Midcap index down 1.57 per cent.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 4,984.60 crore on Monday.

Sensex falls over 300 points  Nifty down 1.16%MARKET UPDATE: Sensex ends below 28,000, Nifty falls over 97 pts on global sell-off
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 17:01 IST
Photo: Reuters
Markets on Tuesday plunged to over one-month lows with benchmark Sensex tumbling 322.39 points to end at 27,797.01 on losses in power, metal and capital goods shares amid a sell-off in China and other global markets.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty tanked 97.55 points to end below 8,400-mark at 8,340.70 as stocks fell for the third straight session.
Fall of global crude prices to five-year lows failed to lift the global sentiment as Chinese stocks dropped over 5 per cent on tighter lending norms and over 1 per cent drop in European indices, said traders.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensex remained in negative terrain for the major part of the session on sustained selling pressure.
It moved between 27,763.82 and 28,157.53 range, before ending with a sharp loss of 322.39 points, or 1.15 per cent, at 27,797.01. This is its weakest close since October 30.
In the previous two sessions, Sensex shed 443.42 points.
The overall market breadth was negative as about 900 stocks rose while over 2,000 scrips fell.
"Sell-offs seen in Asian markets impacted market sentiments for the day. Brent crude was seen dropping to its fresh 5-year lows, below $66 a barrel," said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Experts said data showing current account deficit widened to $10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, in July-September quarter of this fiscal, raised concerns at a time when markets are pricing are strong recovery of the country's economy.
Sesa Sterlite shares emerged the biggest loser among Sensex components by tumbling over 5 per cent. Shares of state-run ONGC plunged 4.29 per cent.
Other notable laggards include Tata Power, Bharti Airtel, NTPC, Tata Steel, Hindalco, BHEL, L&T, Tata Motors, Wipro, SBI, Cipla, Maruti Suzuki, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank.
Almost all the major Asian stock markets fell after Chinese market tumbled 5.43 per cent, the most since 2009.
Indices in Hong Kong and Japan were among the worst-hit.
Sectorally, BSE Power index suffered the most by losing 2.75 per cent, followed by Metal index (2.71 per cent), Capital Goods (2.29 per cent) and Consumer Durables (2.11 per cent) among others. Selling activity in small and midcap also gathered momentum with BSE Smallcap falling 1.59 per cent and Midcap index down 1.57 per cent.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 4,984.60 crore on Monday.

Delhi rape: Government divided over Uber cab service ban  Nitin Gadkari says its not asolutionBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 3:16 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 9:55 pm
Even as Union Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday criticised the Delhi government’s decision to ban some cab-booking services including Uber, following the alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman executive on Friday night, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh told the Rajya Sabha that the Centre has asked all the states and union territories to stop the operation of such unregistered web-based services.
Speaking to mediapersons outside Parliament, Gadkari said that banning cab services “was not a solution”. “New developments are taking place in transport systems through electronics. Banning the Railways for train accidents, buses for bus accidents and taxis is not correct,” he said.
“It is up to the state government to decide because the subject is in the Concurrent List. State governments have equal right to take a decision about it,” he added. Stating that new systems with modern concepts must be encouraged, Gadkari, however, noted that lacunae in such systems should be plugged.
“As per a report, 30 per cent of the driving licences in the country are bogus… We are going to change the 1988 Motor Vehicles Act by which we will have a centre comprising all records of drivers. That would help solve the problem of accessing the accident and criminal records of drivers,” said Gadkari.
Later, making a suo motu statement in the Rajya Sabha, Singh said the Centre has asked all states and union territories to stop cab-booking services which are not licensed with them. He, however, clarified that the government was not in favour of banning these services, but wants to regulate their operations. He said such service providers should be barred from operating till they get themselves registered.
“I want to say that our intentions should not be questioned in this regard,” he said. “The government of India strongly condemns this dastardly act. It will be ensured that all necessary steps are taken to bring the offender to justice,” he said.
Singh said the Delhi Police, which comes directly under him, is examining the legal liability of Uber. The government also promised stern action against the accused, and steps to ensure safety of women.
Condemning the incident, members asked how such incidents continued to occur despite the government’s “tall claims” after the December 16, 2012 bus gangrape.
 

Plan to get madrasa inaugurated by Murli Manohar Joshi draws irk fromMuslimsBy: Press Trust of India | Kanpur |
Posted: December 9, 2014 3:11 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 3:53 pm
The plan to get an upgraded madrasa inaugurated by BJP MP Murli Manohar Joshi has drawn irk from the Muslim community, who are demanding it to be cancelled.
“The Muslims are upset over the inauguration by Joshi. I will meet city’s Qazi soon to find a way out but so far there is no change in the plan,” madrasa principal Mohammad Mehraj said.
Al Jamiat-Ul-Nooria madrasa located in Shyam Nagar area of Joshi’s constituency is being upgraded and the construction is scheduled to be completed by January next year.
“A group of Muslims approached me to raise objections on the plan of inauguration by Joshi who they alleged was responsible for Babri incident and leaders of his party have said in past that madrasas are imparting education of terror,” Qazu Aalam Raza Noori said.
“I will meet the madrasa principal and ask him the reason for extending an invitation to Joshi. I believe a political person should not inaugurate it but I will take a decision after the meeting,” he added.
The madrasa principal had approached local BJP leaders expressing his desire to get the madrasa inaugurated by Joshi saying the move will help in ‘bridging the gap between Muslims and BJP’.
A controversy had broken out earlier with the local BJP leaders receiving reports that the madrasa has already been inaugurated.
However, after it could be ascertained that the reports were false, Joshi had accepted the invitation to inaugurate it during his visit to the city in January.

Sexual threats  other harsh CIA interrogation techniques detailed in US SenatereportMike Rogers on Sunday, Dec. 7, 2014 said the release of a Senate report examining the use of torture by the CIA a decade ago will cause violence and deaths abroad. (Source: AP)
Washington |
Posted: December 9, 2014 3:08 pm
The Senate Intelligence Committee prepared to release a report on the CIA’s anti-terrorism tactics on Tuesday and US officials moved to shore up security at American facilities around the world as a precaution.
The report will include graphic details about sexual threats and other harsh interrogation techniques the CIA meted out to captured militants in the years after the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States, sources familiar with the document said on Monday.
The report, which Committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein said would be released on Tuesday, describes how al-Qaeda operative Abdel Rahman al Nashiri, suspected mastermind of the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole, was threatened with a buzzing power drill, the sources said. The drill was never actually used on him.
It documents how at least one detainee was sexually threatened with a broomstick, the sources said.
Preparing for a worldwide outcry from the publication of such graphic details, the White House and US intelligence officials said on Monday they had shored up security of US facilities worldwide.
The report, which took years to produce, charts the history of the CIA’s “Rendition, Detention and Interrogation” program, which President George W Bush authorized after the Sept. 11 attacks.
Bush ended many aspects of the program before leaving office, and President Barack Obama swiftly banned “enhanced interrogation techniques,” which critics say are torture, after his 2009 inauguration.
A pair of Republican lawmakers called the release of the report “reckless and irresponsible.”
“We are concerned that this release could endanger the lives of Americans overseas, jeopardize US relations with foreign partners, potentially incite violence, create political problems for our allies, and be used as a recruitment tool for our enemies,” Senators Marco Rubio and Jim Risch said in a statement on Monday.

SAT to hear DLF plea against Sebi order tomo...You are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
SAT to hear DLF plea against Sebi order tomorrow
PTI Dec 9, 2014, 03.03PM IST
Tags:
DLF Ltd.
MUMBAI: With Securities Appellate Tribunal set to hear DLF and its senior executives' plea against Sebi ruling tomorrow, the focus is likely to be on the accounting practices that were followed by the realty major.
The tribunal, last month, clubbed the petition from DLF's promoters with the company's main plea against Sebi ruling.
In October, the market watchdog had banned DLF, its chairman K P Singh and five other senior officials from the securities market for three years with regard to alleged non-disclosure of three of its hundreds of subsidiaries in the 2007 IPO filing.
Besides Singh, his son and vice-chairman Rajiv Singh, younger daughter and whole-time director Pia Singh, directors T C Goyal and Ramesh Sanka were also banned from securities market by Sebi.
Pertaining to the case, the focus is likely to shift to accounting standards followed by the realty major as the same is a bone of contention with the Securities Exchange and Board of India (Sebi), sources said.
Under the Companies Act, DLF maintains it had made disclosures under Accounting Standards 21 (AS21) while Sebi is of the view that the company should have followed AS23.
AS21 pertains to consolidated financial statements where information about a parent and it subsidiaries as a single economic entity should be put out to provide a picture of economic resources controlled by the group.
In terms of AS23, the objective is to present information, in the consolidated financial statements, about effects of the investments in associates on the financial position and operating results of a group.
Meanwhile, the tribunal, on November 5, had allowed DLF to redeem Rs 1,806 crore from its mutual fund investments to meet its working capital requirement and to service its debt, till December 31.
Sebi's ruling against the company and its officials came for "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its IPO.
"I find that the case of active and deliberate suppression of any material information so as to mislead and defraud the investors in the securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF in its IPO is clearly made out in this case.
"I am satisfied that the violations as found in this case are grave and have larger implications on the safety and integrity of the securities market," Sebi's Whole-Time Member Rajeev Agarwal had said in the order in October.
"In my view, for the serious contraventions as found in the instant case, effective deterrent actions to safeguard the market integrity. It, therefore, becomes incumbent to deal with contraventions, digression and demeanour of the erring Noticees sternly and take appropriate actions for effective deterrence," Agarwal had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BMW CEO Reithofer to step down early in 2015You are here: Home > Collections
BMW CEO Norbert Reithofer to step down early in 2015
AP Dec 9, 2014, 03.13PM IST
Tags:
BMW
(Reithofer, who has run BMW…)
BERLIN: BMW says CEO Norbert Reithofer will leave his post early to become chairman of the board as part of "generational change" at the top of the German automaker.
The company said Tuesday he would be replaced as CEO by BMW production executive Harald Krueger .
Reithofer has headed the company since 2006 and has seen it through steady profits, strong margins and expansion of its business in China.
Krueger joined BMW as a trainee in 1992 and worked his way through several top jobs. He was responsible for the company's MINI brand and its motorcycles before becoming production chief in 2013. He has also been project engineer for the plant in Spartanburg, South Carolina, in the 1990s and director of engine production at Hams Hall in the U.K.
The Munich-based company said in a statement that Reithofer will replace board chairman Joachim Milberg at the shareholder meeting on May 13.
The company said the changes were "steps taken to initiate a generational change" in the CEO and chairman's jobs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex gets Shanghai blues; slips 300 pts | What happened @ ChinaChina stocks crack, Sensex takes a dive; top 20 intraday trading bets
ET Now Dec 9, 2014, 03.09PM IST
Tags:
Century Textiles Ltd
(Sensex slipped as much as…)
MUMBAI: A sudden sell-off in Chinese markets led to a correction in other Asian markets, including India. The Nifty slipped below 8,350 and was trading at its November 20 lows.
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 334 points and was trading below its crucial psychological support level of 28000, led by losses in ONGC, L&T, ITC, ICICI Bank and SBI.
"China said lower-rated bonds can no longer be used as collateral for some short-term loans, sparking a selloff in riskier debt that spread to government notes and stocks. The yuan fell the most since 2008," Bloomberg reported.
According to analysts, Chinese market had surged 9 per cent last week and some profit booking was expected. However, the sharp fall of over 6 per cent intraday has made investors cautious.
Shanghai Composite Index closed down 5.43 percent, or 163.99 points, at 2,856.27 on turnover of 793.4 billion yuan ($128.2 billion).
At 03:06 p.m., the S&P BSE Sensex was trading at 27,802.56; down 316.84 points.
The Nifty was trading at 8,339.05, down 99.2 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 1.70 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 1.73 per cent.
The S&P BSE Metal Index was down 2.75 per cent, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index fell 1.96 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index was 2.7 per cent lower.
Sesa Sterlite (5 per cent), Bharti Airtel (3.7 per cent), Tata Power (4.7 per cent), ONGC (4.3 per cent) and Hindalco (3.7 per cent) were among the major Nifty losers.
Sun Pharma (up 1.3 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.44 per cent), HCL Technologies (up 0.46 per cent), TCS (up 0.42 per cent) and M&M (up 0.58 per cent) were among the major Nifty gainers.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical and Ranbaxy Laboratories gained momentum after the Competition Commission of India approved merger of Sun Pharma with Ranbaxy on the condition that the companies divest seven select brands in the Indian drug market.
The market breadth was negative on the NSE with 446 gainers against 1046 losers.
Profit booking in Asian markets picked up after sell-off in China. The Shanghai Composite plunged 5.43 per cent and Hang Seng was 2.36 per cent lower.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 224
Hindustan Zinc is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 181 and a stop loss of Rs 166
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 169
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 490 and a stop loss of Rs 525
 
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 345 and a stop loss of Rs 327
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 184 and a stop loss of Rs 173
India Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 83 and a stop loss of Rs 91.50
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 630 and a stop loss of Rs 663
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 342 and a stop loss of Rs 324
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 257
State Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 307 and a stop loss of Rs 314
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst, Sharekhan
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 244 and a stop loss of Rs 223
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 71
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 273 and a stop loss of Rs 252
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 266 and a stop loss of Rs 253
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 506 and a stop loss of Rs 532
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1140
Ankit Chaudhary, Senior Tech Analyst, Analyse India
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 94
Radico Khaitan Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 90
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 380
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kempe Gowda Layout: Contractor submitted forged document to get contractpolitics
Full-fledged works will be taken up after harvesting standing crops on the land: CM
Chief Minister Siddaramaiah on Tuesday told the Legislative Assembly that a contractor had submitted forged documents to get the contract for building the Nadaprabhu Kempe Gowda Layout of the Bengaluru Development Authority in Bengaluru.
Replying to Janata Dal(S) member H.D. Revanna during the Question Hour, the chief minister said the contract for three packages, which had been awarded to the above contractor, had been cancelled.
He said presently the preliminary works such as survey were being taken up in the proposed layout. Pointing out that some of the land owners had grown crops on the land where the Nadaprabhu Kempe Gowda Layout was being developed, he said the full-fledged works on the layout would be taken up after the harvest of the standing crops.
Later, Mr. Revanna told reporters that irregularities to the tune of Rs. 100 crore had taken place in awarding of the contract. He demanded a CBI probe into the episode to bring the guilty to book.
Re-exam for police constables
Replying to BSR Congress member Rajiv P., Home Minister K. J. George said the Government had decided to cancel the written exams for the recruitment of police constables held on November 16 in the wake of question paper leak. Re-examination would be held to fill up 6,609 posts of constables for which 83,166 candidates had applied.
So far 14 persons had been arrested in connection with the question paper leak episode, he noted.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Sun Pharma  Whirlpool: Rajat Bose02:30 pm
Rajat Bose of rajatkbose.com told CNBC-TV18, "I would give Sun Pharma  as a buy. Sun Pharma has shown relative strength even in today's market. The qualifying parameter in that is that on the third day it should actually be closing above yesterday's high, Target is Rs 853 and Rs 856 and put a stoploss below Rs 832."
" Whirlpool is showing good strength in today's session. It has remained in the positive territory. I am expecting it to touch Rs 627 to about Rs 632 tomorrow. I will put a stoploss below Rs 607 and the disclosure on my part is that I hold Whirlpool in my portfolio since 2006. However I don't trade the stock," he added.
 

Markets Live: Sensex plummets 340 points on weak global cues; power  metals stocks tripWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Market Capitalisation: Top six cos lose Rs 54 053 cr in marketvaluationMaintain buy on TCS despite cross-currency headwind
Weakness in the stock market led six of the top-10 most valued companies lose Rs 54,053 crore in market valuation last week, with IT majors TCS and Infosys taking the biggest hit.
While TCS, ONGC, RIL, Infosys, SBI and HDFC Bank saw decline in their market capitalisation (m-cap) for the week ended on Friday, December 5, ITC, CIL, ICICI Bank and HUL made gains.
The m-cap of TCS tumbled Rs 12,663.17 crore to reach Rs 5,05,048.22 crore. Rival Infosys’ valuation plunged Rs 12,624.58 crore, to Rs 2,37,699.32 crore.
ONGC’s market cap tanked Rs 11,678.24 crore and was at Rs 3,13,002.61 crore, while RIL lost Rs 10,698.27 crore to Rs 3,09,822.54 crore.
Similarly, HDFC Bank’s valuation dipped Rs 3,551.75 crore to Rs 2,27,771.10 crore and SBI lost Rs 2,836.98 crore to Rs 2,37,148.94 crore.
On the other hand, the m-cap of ITC surged Rs 22,722.38 crore to Rs 3,12,642.30 crore, while HUL gained Rs 7,218.56 crore to Rs 1,77,371.56 crore.
ICICI Bank’s valuation rose by Rs 4,979.57 crore to reach Rs 2,08,109.93 crore, and CIL added Rs 1,073.78 crore to touch Rs 2,25,146.81 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at the numero- uno position, followed by ONGC, ITC, RIL, Infosys, SBI, HDFC Bank, CIL, ICICI Bank and HUL.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex fell by 235.89 points or 0.82 per cent to conclude at 28,458.10.
More from indianmarkets

FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakhcroreMaintain buy on TCS despite cross-currency headwind
Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year, primarily on account of government’s reform agenda.
As per the latest market data, foreign investors have purchased equities worth Rs 9.60 lakh crore in 2014 so far, while they offloaded stocks to the tune of Rs 8.6 lakh crore during the same period, resulting into a net inflow of Rs 1 lakh crore (USD 16.57 billion).
These huge inflows included a net investment of Rs 4,032 crore so far in December itself.
While foreign investment in the equity market exceeded Rs 1 lakh crore mark in the past two years also, almost a month is still left in 2014 and the final tally for this year may be much higher.
According to market experts, improved fundamentals of the Indian economy, a decisive mandate to the BJP-led NDA at the Centre, various reform measures announced by the government have caught the fancy of overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub-accounts and Foreign Portfolio Investors).
They said that global interest rate situation will be key factor for future flows into India along with domestic growth indicators.
However, the inflow is significantly higher in debt compared to equities. Till date, it has attracted Rs 1.55 lakh crore (USD 25.6 billion).
Total net investment by foreign investors (debt and equity segments) into India so far this year have reached Rs 2.55 lakh crore (USD 42 billion).
Foreign investors had put in Rs 1.13 lakh crore in the country’s equity market in the entire 2013 and Rs 1.28 lakh crore in 2012.
Moreover, overseas investors had made a record net investment of Rs 1.33 lakh crore in 2010.
The strong inflows have helped push the BSE index Sensex by about 27 per cent so far this year.
Since the beginning of June, Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs).
TAGS: Foreign Portfolio Investors
More from indianmarkets

Flow of money from real to financial assets has just begun‘Flow of money from real to financial assets has just begun’
LOKESHWARRI SK
Tweet
RITESH JAIN, CIO, Tata Asset Management
The outlook for equities is positive because money has just begun flowing into financial assets. This is due to falling inflation and high interest rates, says Ritesh Jain, CIO, Tata Asset Management.
In the light of weak corporate performance in the September quarter, have you downgraded your Sensex earning estimates for FY15?
September quarter performance for India Inc has not been in line with expectations. For FY16, we were looking at EPS of about 1,800 for the Sensex. But we would like to wait for some more time for the investment cycle to pick up and not hazard a guess at this point in time. When markets are in love with a leader, they tend to give him more time to perform. When Shinzo Abe and Joko Widodo took over as Japanese Prime Minister and Indonesian President, respectively, markets rallied on hopes of economic reforms. There is a lot of expectation from the Modi-led Government — we will have to give them some more time to deliver.
What is your take on the market valuations after the sharp rally over the last 15 months?
The market currently trades about 16 times FY16. The previous government was not able to kick-start the investment cycle. But there is hope that the new Government will be able to do that, because the next leg of job creation will happen only then. But it has not happened yet. The credit growth is still in single digit. However, if you ask me whether we are in a bubble, I don’t think so. The peak valuation for the market was 24 times. Had the capex cycle started, I would have been very comfortable. For Sensex valuation to get re-rated from 16 to 20-plus, the investment cycle will have to pick up.
But the growth pace was much stronger when the market traded at 24 times. Given the current pace, is 16 times not expensive?
Yes, the growth pace is much slower now. But India, unlike the other G20 countries, has a lot of headroom to cut rates. Had our interest rate been zero per cent, then I would have been worried
But the rate cutting cycle can pave the way for re-rating. The lower the inflation expectation, the higher and more sustainable will be the re-rating. Earnings growth may be back-ended, because the Government and corporate India do not have all the money and the RBI is not cutting rates.
But some one will have to write a cheque; that is where I think our Prime Minister is doing a great job. He’s spending more time outside the country, because the money has to come from abroad. Once we get the money and regulatory issues are sorted, then the growth momentum can be very fast.
Which themes appeal to you currently?
We are overweight on IT, pharma, auto ancillaries, private banks, NBFCs with niche businesses and cement; IT and pharma for their good growth visibility, of course, IT is more reasonable in terms of valuation compared with pharma.
We like private banks as they continue to gain share from their public sector peers. Likewise, auto ancillaries, which specialise in small components and are difficult to replicate, appear interesting. We are underweight on oil marketing companies and, of course, FMCG, purely because of their valuation.
Are you increasing cash levels?
No, I think we are not really worried about time correction, say, over the next three-six months, because, over a three-five-year period, equities are set to outperform. This is because we see that the flow of retail money from real assets to financial assets has just started.
After a long time, real interest rates are positive due to the sharp fall in inflation.
This is one of the reasons why we think the RBI may not be in a hurry to cut rates. Indians are warming up to financial assets, which is also evident from the slowing demand for real assets; NHB’s residex index, for instance, has flattened now.
Likewise, gold has not given great returns. The gap between the 10 year G-Sec and WPI is widening.
Your take on interest rates.
We expect interest rate cuts within the next six months. Policy rates have limited impact on bank lending and borrowing rates. G-Sec yields are already falling.
And unlike two years back, with the fall in inflation, people are now willing to put money into bank FDs. SBI has already cut its deposit rates. If it can get deposits at 6 per cent, it may not want to keep the borrowing rates high at 10 per cent. We believe that the RBI would like to see the fiscal outturn for CY14, January CPI and the fiscal deficit in the next Budget before taking a decisive call.
Hence, a rate cut before February looks slightly unlikely. On a one-year basis, 10-year G-Sec yields may fall by 75 to 100 basis points.    
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

How millennials can overcome savings hurdles0
Some evidence of this strain can be seen in the percentage of young workers who are saving for retirement. In the Fidelity study, only 47 percent of millennials had started putting money away for old age, despite it being a top financial priority. Similarly, the Wells Fargo report found that only 55 percent of millennials are saving for retirement, and 47 percent are using more than half of their monthly income to pay off debt.
The second issue, Allison said, is that young workers' earnings have not been keeping up with inflation.
In fact, a report this month by Young Invincibles found that in many of the industries that tend to employ millennials, including retail and hospitality, inflation-adjusted wages have either declined or stagnated from 2004 through 2013.
And young people are faring worse than older workers. The median pay for millennials has fallen as much as 10 percent during the 10-year period, while median wages for workers 35 and up declined 3.6 percent.
"It's difficult to save if the jobs that are available aren't paying the same wages as a decade ago," said Allison, who co-authored the report.
It's a bleak picture, but not entirely hopeless.
For one, pay is rising for young workers in the health care sector. In fact, the median wage among health care jobs has increased as much as 5 percent for millennials over the 10 years through 2013.
"That's encouraging because it's a growing sector. More people are entering the health care profession," Allison said.
Millennials who have a job that offers a 401(k) may be able to grow savings by taking advantage of a company match. According to the latest annual survey by the Plan Sponsor Council of America, a nonprofit organization that supports employer-sponsored retirement plans, the vast majority of companies offer a match. In 2013, companies typically offered either 50 cents or $1 for every $1 of contributions that workers made, up to 6 percent of pay.
That works out to an additional $1,200 in retirement savings if you earn an annual salary of $40,000, contribute 3 percent of your pay and receive a dollar-for-dollar match from your employer.
"You don't want to leave that money on the table," said Kristen Robinson, a Fidelity spokesperson.
Don't have a 401(k)? Robinson said putting even a small amount of money into savings each month can go a long way toward getting you on the right financial footing.
"Millennials often think they first need to pay off all their debt before they can start saving," Robinson said. "But we suggest that you save for your emergency savings first."

Complex challenge in KashmirUpdated: December 8, 2014 01:38 IST
Complex challenge in Kashmir
election
The sense of satisfaction over the unprecedented voter turnout in Jammu and Kashmir, of more than 71 per cent in the first two phases of elections on November 25 and December 2, has been set back by a series of terror strikes in the Valley. The five-phase elections in the State is in a crucial stage now, and Prime Minister Narendra Modi is set to address his first election rally in the Valley on Monday. Even those who are opposed to the elections understand the popular mood in favour of them and had avoided targeting voters so far. The attacks at four different places that claimed the lives of 11 security personnel and two civilians, were therefore intended to target India and question its narrative of normalcy in the Valley. The attackers came across the border from Pakistan, which has always maintained that Kashmir is the core issue to be resolved between the two countries. Immediate and concrete issues such as roads, electricity, drinking water and employment are important to the people of J&K, as anywhere else, and the people hope that participating in a democratic process would help. To consolidate this positive turn, New Delhi must appreciate other dimensions of Kashmir politics, and acknowledge that there are multiple stakeholders involved. Peaceful elections and wider people’s participation are signs of a positive churn, but this is also the time for India to be sensitive to, and engage with, the multilayered and complex questions of Kashmiri aspirations, rather than wish them away.
The Indian response to the violence must not amount to falling into a trap laid by those for whom the goals are instability and strife. Frequent ceasefire violations along the border, cross-border terrorism, and frozen bilateral talks have led to a deterioration of India-Pakistan relations in recent months. India called off talks objecting to Pakistan engaging with Kashmiri separatists. Both countries must take note of Hurriyat leader Mirwaiz Umar Farooq’s offer, made during an interview to this newspaper, to wait before immediately resuming talks and being involved in negotiations. Preconditions and ultimatums will help neither India nor Pakistan. New Delhi must find a partner in the new government that will come to power in J&K, with whom it must talk about the State’s material and political aspirations. New Delhi must also engage those who are not participating in elections; after all, India has made peace with a long list of insurgent groups. History is presenting an opportunity in the Valley and it should be seized, not squandered the way the people’s mandate in 2008 was. Six terrorists from across the border must not decide the course of a democratic country.

SP 500 posts worst day since Oct; energy shares sinkDec 09, 2014, 07.49 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
S&P 500 posts worst day since Oct; energy shares sink
The S&P energy index tumbled 3.9 percent and traded at its lowest since June 2013 as Brent crude LCOc1 fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
S&P 500 posts worst day since Oct; energy shares sink
The S&P energy index tumbled 3.9 percent and traded at its lowest since June 2013 as Brent crude LCOc1 fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year.
Post your opinion here
 
The S&P 500 posted its biggest daily percentage drop since October 22 on Monday as oil's slump to a five-year low caused a selloff in energy shares.
Worries about global growth added to the bearish tone. Data showed China's exports grew at a slower-than-expected pace and imports dropped in November, while Japan's economy shrank more than expected in the third quarter.
The S&P energy index tumbled 3.9 percent and traded at its lowest since June 2013 as Brent crude LCOc1 fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. Leading the decline, shares of Exxon Mobil fell 2.3 percent to USD 91.70 while shares of Chevron dropped 3.7 percent to USD 106.80.
 
The energy index is now down 12.8 percent for the year and is the only major S&P sectors in negative territory for 2014. The S&P 500 is up 11.5 percent for the year so far.
Most growth-oriented sectors also fell, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Meanwhile several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, possibly due to year-end profit-taking, said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles. Among them, Apple was down 2.3 percent at USD 112.40, while GoPro shares fell 6.3 percent at USD 67.65.
"This has been a monster market, and it's been eking out new records. So it's taking a breather. The question is, is the US equities versus other asset classes trade done," said Uri Landesman, president of Platinum Partners in New York.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 106.31 points, or 0.59 percent, to 17,852.48, the S&P 500 lost 15.06 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,060.31 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 40.06 points, or 0.84 percent, to 4,740.69.
The tumble follows gains Friday, which had pushed the S&P 500 to a record high close for the 49th time this year.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
On the New York Stock Exchange, 71 more stocks made 52-week lows compared with those making new highs, the largest gap skewed in favor of new lows since Oct. 16, the day after the market made its bottom in the recent pullback.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,180 to 919, for a 2.37-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,048 issues fell and 699 advanced for a 2.93-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
McDonald's shares shed 3.8 percent to USD 92.61 after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
About 7 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, compared with the 6.6 billion average for the month to date, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
RELATED NEWS

Hope SpiceJet will come out of financial turbulence: Aviation MinisterHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Brent sinks to below 5-year low of $66 on supply glutBrent crude steadies near $66 after hitting fresh 5-year low
Reuters
Tweet
Beijing, Dec 9:  
Brent crude oil hit a fresh five-year low on Tuesday before steadying near $66 a barrel as some cautious buying emerged following a 43 per cent price slide since June.
Fast-growing US shale output has hurt the ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to manage supplies, sending prices sharply lower in anticipation of a large oil glut early next year.
Brent crude at 5-year low. On the technical charts, crude is at imp. 61.8% retracement of LT move. The fall has to stop here. Else $40 is on
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 9, 2014
Supply and demand will set the prices for oil in coming months, an oil official from the United Arab Emirates said on Tuesday, in the latest sign OPEC Gulf producers are ready to weather lower prices after declining to cut output last month.
“Although talks of oil reaching its bottom are more rampant, we fail to see a reversal coming without stronger fundamentals,’’ Daniel Ang of Phillip Futures said in a note.
Brent crude for January delivery was up 2 cents at $66.21 a barrel by 0940 GMT after falling as low as $65.29, its weakest since September 2009. Brent had fallen fell by 4.2 per cent or $2.88 on Monday in its third-largest one-day loss this year.
US crude was up 23 cents at $63.28 a barrel, bouncing after briefly hitting $62.25, its lowest since July 2009. It fell 4.2 per cent or $2.79 on Monday.
Crude sales
Industry sources said top OPEC exporter Saudi Arabia would keep crude sales at full contracted volumes for Asian term buyers in January, while the head of Kuwait’s national oil company had said on Monday that oil would remain around $65 a barrel for months.
Norwegian brokerage DNB Markets said that excess supplies could push Brent down to the $50s in the first half of 2015 as it lowered its average year forecast by $10 to $70 per barrel.
Brent prices averaged around $110 between 2011 and 2013 and topped $115 in June. Losses accelerated in late November after OPEC decided against reducing its output target, despite its own forecasts of a surplus and calls from members, including Iran and Venezuela to cut production.
Since then, Saudi Arabia and second-largest OPEC producer Iraq have both cut monthly prices for the United States and Asia, in a move some analysts say shows OPEC members are competing for market share.
US shale gas
New US projections show oil production from the big three US shale plays should grow by more than 100,000 barrels per day by January.
However, many shale companies are starting to make deep cuts to spending for next year.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

PM Narendra Modi wishes Sonia Gandhi on her 68th birthdayBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 11:44 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 11:49 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday greeted Congress President Sonia Gandi on her birthday, wishing her a long and healthy life. “Best wishes to Congress President Smt. Sonia Gandhi on her birthday. May Almighty bless her with a long and healthy life,” Modi tweeted.
 
Best wishes to Congress President Smt. Sonia Gandhi on her birthday. May Almighty bless her with a long & healthy life.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 9, 2014
Sonia, who turned 68 today, has decided not to celebrate her birthday in view of terror and Naxal attacks in Jammu and Kashmir and Chhattisgarh respectively. “In solidarity with the martyred Army and police personnel there, Gandhi has asked Congresspersons not to celebrate her birthday,” the party had said in a statement here yesterday.
This is the first birthday of Gandhi after the last Lok Sabha elections, which saw a virtual rout of Congress nationwide at the hands of BJP. Eleven security force personnel were killed in a predawn attack by militants on an Army camp in Uri area of Baramulla district in Jammu and Kashmir on December 5. All the six militants involved in the attack were also killed.
Maoists had unleashed a major attack, killing 14 CRPF personnel and injuring 12 others in Naxal-hit Sukma district of Chhattisgarh on December 1.

Twitter users can now purchase books right from tweetsDec 09, 2014 at 12:03pm IST
Twitter users can now purchase books right from tweets
41
1
New York: A leading book publisher is hoping that Twitter will not only help promote books, but sell them directly.
Hachette Book Group announced Monday that it has teamed with the e-commerce platform Gumroad. The deal will allow Twitter users to purchase print editions of selected works by clicking on buy buttons from within authors' tweets.
The books include Amanda Palmer's "The Art of Asking," former astronaut Chris Hadfield's "You are Here" and "The Onion Magazine: The Iconic Covers That Transformed an Undeserving World." The three Twitter feeds each have more than 1 million followers.
A leading book publisher is hoping that Twitter will not only help promote books, but sell them directly. ( Twitter , via Shutterstock)
The promotion begins Thursday. The books will be available in limited quantities and will include added features, such as a photo signed by Hadfield or notes from Palmer's husband, Neil Gaiman.
3

Crude oil prices to trade on negative: Sushil FinanceCrude oil prices to trade on negative: Sushil Finance
Chinese Yuan slides to its lowest in 5 months against US dollarChinese Yuan slides to its lowest in 5 months against US dollar
Chinese Yuan slides to its lowest in 5 months against US dollar
The slide has resulted in Yuan trading at 6.2059 per dollar, which is the steepest single day drop in its relative value since 2008.
http://www.indiainfoline.com/article/news-top-story/chinese-yuan-slides-to-its-lowest-in-5-months-against-us-dollar-114120900122_1.html
December 09, 2014 12:48 IST
http://content.indiainfoline.com/_media/iifl/img/article/default/glo_news.jpg
Chinese Yuan, US dollar, People's Bank of China
Top Story
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
Money matters for Newly Weds
India Infoline News Service / 11:47, Dec 12, 2014
Stepping into a new life comes with a multitude of responsibilities Therefore, it is important to include your spouse in your monetary affairs at the earliest in order to be on common grounds financially.
Wednesday, 17 December 2014 10:33 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Technofab Engineering soars 8% on orders in Kenya BiharDec 09, 2014, 12.51 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Technofab Engineering soars 8% on orders in Kenya & Bihar
"Letter of awards have been received for Rs 54 crore for a waste water rehabilitation project in Kenya and for Rs 208 crore for a rural electrification project in Bihar," said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Technofab Engineering soars 8% on orders in Kenya & Bihar
"Letter of awards have been received for Rs 54 crore for a waste water rehabilitation project in Kenya and for Rs 208 crore for a rural electrification project in Bihar," said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors bought more shares of  Technofab Engineering on Tuesday on bagging letter of awards for two orders in water and power sectors.
"Letter of awards have been received for Rs 54 crore for a waste water rehabilitation project in Kenya and for Rs 208 crore for a rural electrification project in Bihar," said the company in its filing.
With this the total order book has crossed Rs 1500 crore, it added.
Technofab Engineering is a medium sized electro-mechanical engineering and construction company.
At 11:41 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 149.00, up Rs 11.60, or 8.44 percent amid high volumes on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Uber officials to be questioned in Delhi rape caseDec 09, 2014 at 11:49am IST
Uber officials to be questioned in Delhi rape case
10
1
New Delhi: Officials of international taxi-booking service Uber will be questioned by police for the second consecutive day today in connection with the alleged rape of a 27-year-old finance company executive by its driver.
Uber's General Manager (Marketing) Gagan Bhatia, who claims to be the in-charge of the company's India operations, has not been able to provide much information to the police regarding the company's operations and its policies during
questioning on Monday.
Sources privy to the investigation said Bhatia could not come up with satisfactory answers to questions posed by police.
#uber #delhi police #crime against women #sexual assault
Police officials have asked him to produce certain documents on Tuesday. "We wanted to know the role of the company while it brings the customer and the car driver into contact through its App. What is the liability of the company if the driver commits a crime as in this case. What is the business model, how it works, who are its promoters," said a senior police official.
Sources privy to the investigation said Bhatia could not come up with satisfactory answers to questions posed by police following which he was asked to produce the documents regarding the operations of the company in India.
"He first told us that there is no country head and he reports to one person who heads its operation at EMEA (Europe-Middle East-Asia).If we don't get satisfactory answers from Bhatia, we may call this EMEA head for questioning," the official said.
He said they have come across gross violations on part of the company in terms of violation of the Motor Vehicle Act and others.
1

Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy shares surge after CCI approvalSun Pharma  Ranbaxy shares surge after CCI approval
Google Chromecast to be launched in India on December 10 at Rs 2 999Dec 10, 2014 at  11:15am IST
Google Chromecast to be launched in India on December 10 at Rs 2,999
67
3
New Delhi: The much-awaited Google Chromecast, which connects to an HDTV via the HDMI port and lets users stream content from their phones, tablets or laptops to their TV, is coming to India at a price of Rs 2,999. The Chromecast dongle will be available via e-commerce website Snapdeal.com starting December 10. The device will go on sale starting December 10.
Google India has partnered with Airtel and Snapdeal.com to bring the Chromecast to India, tweeted Rajan Anandan, VP & managing director, Google India.
The company has chosen the Great Online Shopping Festival event (GODF), that will take place from December 10-12, to launch the Chromecast in the Indian market.
With the 2-inch Chromecast device, you can bring content from your different devices on to your TV.
#google #google chromecast #dongle
With the 2-inch Chromecast device you can bring content from your different devices on to your TV. Users need to plug in the dongle to their high-definition (HD) TV and it allows them to use their phone, tablet or laptop to 'cast' online content to their TV screens.
With Chromecast you can use your phone, tablet or laptop to browse and cast content to your TV, play and pause, control the volume. With the content streaming, you can also multitask - send emails or surf the web - while seeing what is on the TV screen.
The GOSF will see 450 partners offering their best deals for 72 hours this year, Google said in a statement.
Focussing on the first time buyers, gosf.in will feature a special section of Rs 299 with heavily discounted products with free shipping and cash on delivery option. The section will feature products and offers from brands like Philips, Uber, JBL, Benetton, Alia Bhatt collection and EverPure water purifier.
"Great Online shopping festival is India's version of cyber Monday and is an exciting platform to move the industry forward," said Anandan.
The consumer confidence to shop online has grown considerably in the last 12 months, boosting the growth of both large multinational and homegrown companies, he added.
Google India has partnered Aditya Birla Money My Universe as a preferred partner for this year's event. The initiative was launched by Google in 2012, and has seen tremendous response with most players seeing over 350 per cent growth in daily sales.
— Rajan Anandan (@RajanAnandan) December 9, 2014
469

Doesn t make sense to ban services: Gadkari on web-based cab services banDoesn t make sense to ban services: Gadkari on web-based cab services ban
Tesco issues fourth profit warningTesco issues fourth profit warning in a year
Andrea Felsted, David Oakley and Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f7fe75c0-7f72-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thailand rules Uber illegal  orders to halt taxi servicesUber ordered to cease operations in Thailand, under scrutiny in Vietnam
Reuters
Reuters Taxi booking apps have irked drivers at traditional taxi firms across the globe.
Thai order comes on same day as India ban
BANGKOK, Dec 9:  
Thailand has ordered US online taxi booking company Uber to cease operations, on the same day taxi apps were banned in India where an Uber driver is under arrest for suspected rape.
The Southeast Asian nation's Department of Land Transport said drivers picking up fare-paying passengers via Uber's app were neither registered nor insured to drive commercial vehicles, and that Uber's credit-card payment system did not comply with regulations.
"They have to stop operations immediately," Director-General Thiraphong Rodprasert told reporters after meeting officials from Uber and rival cab-hailing apps GrabTaxi and EasyTaxi to discuss regulating Internet taxi services.
The meeting was arranged before a passenger in New Delhi reported she had been raped by a driver contracted to Uber. The incident brought taxi apps to the attention of Indian authorities, who on Tuesday banned all unregistered Internet taxi firms from operating in the capital.
Taxi booking apps have irked drivers at traditional taxi firms across the globe. Consumers are increasingly using the smartphone software to find people willing to drive them, rather than booking a cab by phone.
In Thailand, Uber's app acts as a matchmaker between owners of private vehicles and passengers, and has its own fare structure. GrabTaxi and EasyTaxi work with traditional taxi firms, using regular meters to calculate fares.
Effective immediately, drivers who use personal vehicles for commercial use could be fined 2,000 baht ($61), and the transport department is working to implement higher penalties, Thiraphong said.
The Uber representative who attended the meeting declined to comment.
VIETNAM, INDONESIA
In neighbouring Vietnam, Uber was to discuss means of regulating its service with transport ministry officials on Monday, but cancelled the talks citing "important circumstances".
Transport Minister Dinh La Thang called for regulation after public criticism that followed a deputy transport minister calling Uber's operations illegal. Uber told local media it works with transport companies so its drivers were licenced and insured. Uber also provides passenger insurance, media reported.
In Indonesia - Southeast Asia's most populous country - private drivers using apps such as Uber to pick up fare-paying passengers are acting illegally, though the law has never been enforced, said Izzul Waro, an adviser to Jakarta's Transportation Agency.
"Many taxi companies don't have a formal permit to operate from the government. They operate by themselves. This is usual in Indonesia," Waro said. Uber does not have a permit, he said.
Uber declined to provide immediate comment on its operations in Vietnam and Indonesia, citing the "crisis" in India.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Tesco profit warning hits Britains FTSETesco profit warning hits Britain’s FTSE
Reuters
Tweet
London, Dec 9:  
Britain’s main equity index fell sharply on Tuesday, weighed down by grocer Tesco after yet another profit warning.
Tesco fell 12 per cent as it warned on profit for the fourth time this year, slashing its full-year outlook by almost a third in the latest downgrade sparked by an accounting scandal and intense competition in its home market.
“A lot of investors had been cleared out by the other profit warnings but this is a bit of a disappointment,’’ Will Hedden, a trader at IG, said.
“It’s probably getting close to where it’s likely to find support but I wouldn't want to be the one calling a bottom.’’
Bernstein Research analyst Bruno Monteyne stuck to his “outperform’’ stance on the stock, arguing the profit warning was a “sensible decision’’ by the management.
“This is bringing forward the profit trough, bringing forward the pain of unstretching the accounts,’’ Monteyne said in a note.
“While many people will focus on the initial profit guidance, we consider this a sensible decision to start early with the necessary reset of accounts.’’
Fellow grocers Sainsbury and Morrison each fell around 5 per cent on concerns Tesco’s woes would lead to increased price competition in the supermarket sector.
They were among top fallers on the FTSE 100, which was down 1.2 per cent at 6,590.35 points by 0845 GMT, taking its loss since the start of the week to over 2 per cent.
The FTSE had risen around 11 per cent since hitting a 1-1/2 years low in mid October.
A further slump in mining and energy shares also weighed. The rout in base metals and crude hit oil services group such as Weir, down 4 per cent, and miners such as BHP Billiton, down 2.6 per cent.
Brent crude sinks
Benchmark Brent crude slipped to its lowest in five years on worries of a swelling supply glut as Gulf producers appeared ready to ride out plunging prices.
Meanwhile, Shanghai aluminium plumbed its lowest level since May on Tuesday as growing overcapacity and the shaky outlook for demand in China curbed buying. Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange also slipped.
Among small caps, online fashion retailer ASOS fell 7 per cent as it posted a further slowdown in quarterly sales growth, with a robust performance in its home market offset by overseas weakness.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Around 55% land bank of SEZs in Tamil Nadu lying vacantAround 55% land bank of SEZs in Tamil Nadu lying vacant
BS Reporter | Chennai Dec 09, 2014 08:41 PM IST
Around 55 per cent of land in the 36 operational special economic zones (SEZs) in Tamil Nadu is lying vacant owing to various reasons, including the recent economic slowdown.
A senior official in the ministry of commerce and industry while disclosing the state of affairs of SEZs in the state, said economic activity in them would revive with the anticipated industry revival.
Delivering a keynote address during a roadshow organised by the Tamil Nadu Association of SEZ Infrastructure Developers and the Export Promotion Council, AK Choudhary, development commissioner - commerce and industry ministry, said, “Of the 56 notified SEZs in Tamil Nadu, around 36 were operational in which, almost 50-55 per cent of the land bank was vacant. Around 2,600 acres of land bank was available in these SEZs,” he said.
However, the official stated tax disputes had not affected investments flowing into SEZs in Tamil Nadu.
Several tax disputes, where the state government had imposed tax on companies in the SEZ including the case of Nokia India in Sriperumbudur, are currently under the consideration of the Madras high court.
The SEZs in Tamil Nadu posted an export turnover of Rs 79,556 crore during 2013-14. Of this, the IT sector accounted for around Rs 50,000 crore. Employment stood at 269,000.
He added the takers for SEZs in Tier II and III cities were lower compared with the expectations, with 30 per cent occupancy. However, this is expected to improve with the anticipated growth.
The number of operational SEZs had gone up from 28 in 2010-11 to 36 in 2013-14, while the established ones shot up from 201 to 445 during the period. Of the 36 SEZs, the government owns only one -- MEPZ-SEZ in Chennai -- while the rest had been developed by private players.
SEZs investors in Tamil Nadu include Mahindra & Mahindra, L&T, Sterlite, Infosys, CTS, TCS, Marg, Foxconn, Hexaware, Syntel and international investors such as Dell, Timken, Robert Bosch and Sanmina.
The Centre is developing more IT SEZs and a 50,000 sft of IT space is being created at Hosur and Salem. This is expected to be completed in the next couple of years. IT SEZs in Tier-II locations like Coimbatore, Trichy, Madurai and Tirunelveli are attracting more investors, said Atul Anand, managing director, Electronics Corporation of Tamil Nadu Limited (Elcot).

Karnataka MobileOne: A long way to goKarnataka MobileOne: A long way to go
Anita Babu | Bengaluru Dec 09, 2014 02:50 PM IST
Karnataka MobileOne, the much anticipated and hyped initiative from the state government was finally launched by President Pranab Mukherjee on Monday. The multi-mode mobile governance service could be accessed both on feature phones and smartphones, including on iOS and Android platforms. This is the first look of the app:
Signing up troubles
Like most of us, I was also excited to find out how the app would function. MobileOne can be downloaded for free and one can login through a couple of steps. The system will generate a password that will be send to the respective phone number. Nevertheless, in my first attempt, this never happened and there goes the first impression for a toss! However, in my second attempt, I received the password message. Eureka!
However, my subsequent logins were smoother, which gives a hope that the app improves each time we use it.
The home screen of the app looks neat (this was one of my fears because the app offers access to almost 4,500 services), with a maximum of 9 service icons on a page. Click on ‘More’ to discover other icons. Click on the top-right corner and you can find home, my profile, my transactions, help, Emergency contacts and logout options. Next, I tried to explore what’s inside some of these icons:
Free myth
Let me take the onus to burst the first myth about the app. Not all the services are free of cost. For instance, the telecom service lets you recharge your phone. There are both pre-paid and post-paid recharge options. However,transaction charges apply for pre-paid recharges via the app.
And this is directly proportional to the amount of your recharge. For example, the transaction charge is Rs 5 up to any recharge of Rs 500 and Rs 10 for those above Rs 500. When there is various other better online recharge options available, one can imagine how far this service would go.
Though the agriculture services section looks promising, farmers have to pay to subscribe to some of the crop alerts and solutions. We will be covering more details regarding various services in our detailed review later.
Exploring healthcare
The app tries to deliver a lot of services in the health care segment. The ‘book a doctor’ facility lets you have the luxury to select a doctor of your choice from the list of specialty doctors to fix an appointment.  There is also an option to find a doctor or clinic by just entering the respective names.
However, the service failed to bring out the desired results due to lack of uniformity in the details provided. For instance, when the ‘book appointment’ option was available only for some doctors, the ‘show number’ option that appeared along with the names of each doctor on the list, often failed to show any results. But this was not the case when I clicked on the doctor’s name to know more details. The number did show up this time.
There are other services in health care segment like maternal and child solutions and Tele-ICU solution that involves remote patient monitoring IT solution wherein a doctor at a different location being able to monitor a patient in a tier-2/3 city via a camera. The service definitely has a lot more potential to deliver.
Not a pan Karnataka experience
So did you think all the services from MobileOne are available across Karnataka? Take a deep breath before you continue...Utility services from Bengaluru Electricity Supply Company and Bengaluru Water Supply and Sewarage Board, of course, are available only for the citizens of Bengaluru, while services from HESCOM- Hubli Electricity Supply Company - are only for Hubli citizens. These can be availed by simply registering through your account number.
Target financial inclusion
Banking offers services only from Canara Bank, ICICI Bank, PNB, Axis Bank and SBI. From what I could understand on a first glance basis, the service helps you to open an account in any of these banks. MobileOne has been rightly made a tool to expand the reach of Jan Dhan Yojana.
Performance
The app was really slow. The wait from one step to the next or even to come back to previous one seemed to take ages. Moreover, the app slowed down my handset, too.

Sensex slips over 300 pts | China stks crack: Here s what happenedChina stocks crack, Sensex takes a dive; top 20 intraday trading bets
ET Now Dec 9, 2014, 03.09PM IST
Tags:
Century Textiles Ltd
(Sensex slipped as much as…)
MUMBAI: A sudden sell-off in Chinese markets led to a correction in other Asian markets, including India. The Nifty slipped below 8,350 and was trading at its November 20 lows.
Tracking the momentum, the S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 334 points and was trading below its crucial psychological support level of 28000, led by losses in ONGC, L&T, ITC, ICICI Bank and SBI.
"China said lower-rated bonds can no longer be used as collateral for some short-term loans, sparking a selloff in riskier debt that spread to government notes and stocks. The yuan fell the most since 2008," Bloomberg reported.
According to analysts, Chinese market had surged 9 per cent last week and some profit booking was expected. However, the sharp fall of over 6 per cent intraday has made investors cautious.
Shanghai Composite Index closed down 5.43 percent, or 163.99 points, at 2,856.27 on turnover of 793.4 billion yuan ($128.2 billion).
At 03:06 p.m., the S&P BSE Sensex was trading at 27,802.56; down 316.84 points.
The Nifty was trading at 8,339.05, down 99.2 points.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 1.70 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 1.73 per cent.
The S&P BSE Metal Index was down 2.75 per cent, the S&P BSE Capital goods Index fell 1.96 per cent and the S&P BSE Power Index was 2.7 per cent lower.
Sesa Sterlite (5 per cent), Bharti Airtel (3.7 per cent), Tata Power (4.7 per cent), ONGC (4.3 per cent) and Hindalco (3.7 per cent) were among the major Nifty losers.
Sun Pharma (up 1.3 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.44 per cent), HCL Technologies (up 0.46 per cent), TCS (up 0.42 per cent) and M&M (up 0.58 per cent) were among the major Nifty gainers.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical and Ranbaxy Laboratories gained momentum after the Competition Commission of India approved merger of Sun Pharma with Ranbaxy on the condition that the companies divest seven select brands in the Indian drug market.
The market breadth was negative on the NSE with 446 gainers against 1046 losers.
Profit booking in Asian markets picked up after sell-off in China. The Shanghai Composite plunged 5.43 per cent and Hang Seng was 2.36 per cent lower.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 224
Hindustan Zinc is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 181 and a stop loss of Rs 166
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 169
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 490 and a stop loss of Rs 525
 
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 345 and a stop loss of Rs 327
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 184 and a stop loss of Rs 173
India Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 83 and a stop loss of Rs 91.50
CESC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 630 and a stop loss of Rs 663
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Havells India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 342 and a stop loss of Rs 324
Cairn India Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 250 and a stop loss of Rs 257
State Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 307 and a stop loss of Rs 314
Gaurav Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst, Sharekhan
Union Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 244 and a stop loss of Rs 223
L&T Finance Holdings Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 77 and a stop loss of Rs 71
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 273 and a stop loss of Rs 252
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
IRB Infrastructure Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 266 and a stop loss of Rs 253
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 506 and a stop loss of Rs 532
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1140
Ankit Chaudhary, Senior Tech Analyst, Analyse India
Sintex Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 94
Radico Khaitan Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 115 and a stop loss of Rs 90
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 380
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

SAT to hear DLF plea against Sebi order on WednesdayDec 09, 2014, 02.34 PM IST  | Source: PTI
SAT to hear DLF plea against Sebi order on Wednesday
In October, the market watchdog had banned DLF, its chairman K P Singh and five other senior officials from the securities market for three years with regard to alleged non-disclosure of three of its hundreds of subsidiaries in the 2007 IPO filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SAT to hear DLF plea against Sebi order on Wednesday
In October, the market watchdog had banned DLF, its chairman K P Singh and five other senior officials from the securities market for three years with regard to alleged non-disclosure of three of its hundreds of subsidiaries in the 2007 IPO filing.
Post your opinion here
 
With Securities Appellate Tribunal set to hear  DLF and its senior executives' plea against Sebi ruling on Wednesday, the focus is likely to be on the accounting practices that were followed by the realty major.
The tribunal, last month, clubbed the petition from DLF's promoters with the company's main plea against Sebi ruling.
In October, the market watchdog had banned DLF, its chairman KP Singh and five other senior officials from the securities market for three years with regard to alleged non-disclosure of three of its hundreds of subsidiaries in the 2007 IPO filing.
Besides Singh, his son and vice-chairman Rajiv Singh, younger daughter and whole-time director Pia Singh, directors TC Goyal and Ramesh Sanka were also banned from securities market by Sebi.
Pertaining to the case, the focus is likely to shift to accounting standards followed by the realty major as the same is a bone of contention with the Securities Exchange and Board
of India (Sebi), sources said.
Under the Companies Act, DLF maintains it had made disclosures under Accounting Standards 21 (AS21) while Sebi is of the view that the company should have followed AS23.
AS21 pertains to consolidated financial statements where information about a parent and it subsidiaries as a single economic entity should be put out to provide a picture of economic resources controlled by the group.
In terms of AS23, the objective is to present information, in the consolidated financial statements, about effects of the investments in associates on the financial position and operating results of a group.
Meanwhile, the tribunal, on November 5, had allowed DLF to redeem Rs 1,806 crore from its mutual fund investments to meet its working capital requirement and to service its debt, till December 31.
Sebi's ruling against the company and its officials came for "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its IPO.
"I find that the case of active and deliberate suppression of any material information so as to mislead and defraud the investors in the securities market in connection with the issue of shares of DLF in its IPO is clearly made out in this case.
"I am satisfied that the violations as found in this case are grave and have larger implications on the safety and integrity of the securities market," Sebi's Whole-Time Member Rajeev Agarwal had said in the order in October.
"In my view, for the serious contraventions as found in the instant case, effective deterrent actions to safeguard the market integrity. It, therefore, becomes incumbent to deal with contraventions, digression and demeanour of the erring Noticees sternly and take appropriate actions for effective deterrence," Agarwal had said.
DLF stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  10:33 hrs DLF was quoting at Rs 136.25, down Rs 3.1, or 2.22 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 242.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 100.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 3.29 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 41.41. The latest book value of the company is Rs 93.40 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.46.
RELATED NEWS

Delhi rape: Police files FIR against Uber for violation of rules  cheating23
1
New Delhi: The Delhi Police has filed an FIR against cab service provider Uber for violation of rules and cheating. The case pertains to the alleged rape of a 25-year-old MNC employee by Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav in Delhi on on Friday.
Though Uber's website claims that they do background checks and verification of its drivers, the company officials themselves have admitted during the probe that no checks are conducted on the drivers. Yadav had served a jail term for 7 months as well in a previous case of sexual assault in 2011.
Delhi Police Chief BS Bassi met Home Minister Rajnath Singh to discuss the issue. A high level meeting of the top police officers was also conducted to assess the security situation in Delhi.
#uber #delhi rape #delhi police #bd bassi
The Centre has asked states to stop operations of all unregistered cabs with immediate effect. Apart from Easy Cab, Mega ,Meru, Chanson , Yo Cab and Air Cab, the government banned all transport and taxi service providers through web based technology to stop operations till they get their license.
Meanwhile, sources say that Yadav broke down during the interrogation and confessed that he picked the woman from Vasant Vihar and drove the car towards north Delhi. When he saw the victim sleeping near her house, he took a detour and parked his car near a garbage dump.
While trying to fight back, the woman resisted and slapped him after which he tried to strangle her. When the woman warned him that he could be traced, he threatened to kill her if she told anyone about the incident.
He copied her number by giving himself a missed call on his own number to keep a tab on her. He then dropped the woman near her house and told her not to lodge a complaint. The panicked woman accidentally send an SMS to him instead of sending it to her friend which said "I have been raped". The message alerted Yadav after which he fled from the city.
8

RBI does not give lottery prizesRBI does not give lottery prizes
Tata Housing to launch  The Cascades  during Google s online shopping festivalTata Housing to launch 'The Cascades' during Google's online shopping festival
Bindu Menon
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
Tata Housing Development Company has said that it will be launching an exclusive ultra-luxury project, ‘The Cascades’ during Google’s Great Online Shopping Festival.
The GOSF is being held from December 10-12.
Tata Housing has also partnered OnEMI so that consumers can utilise the EMI scheme to fund the booking amount.
Located on the only hill of Bangalore, ‘The Cascades’ is an exclusive row house project. The limited period offer will allow consumers across the world to book their dream abodes by paying a booking amount of Rs 50,000 only for all projects.
Brotin Banerjee, MD & CEO, Tata Housing Development Company, said, “We received a phenomenal response through our pioneering initiative of online sales of real estate through our partnership with Google last year. Online home buying is an emerging platform and this year we are offering our consumers properties ranging from affordable to the ultra-luxury segment.”
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Fin Min declines to share details on black money probeFin Min declines to share details on black money probe
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 02:55 PM IST
Citing national security and confidentiality clauses, Finance Ministry has declined to disclose information on exchange of correspondence among India, Swiss and German authorities in connection with the black money probe.
Replying to an RTI query, the ministry said it was obtaining information regarding Indians having accounts in foreign banks from concerned nations.
"Since the information regarding Indians having accounts in foreign banks which are being obtained from foreign authorities under the prevailing Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements (DTAA) are confidential as per the treaty provisions and the same are exempt from disclosure," the Ministry said.
It cited Section 8(1)(a) and (f) of the RTI Act and said 'any information in this regard cannot be provided to you'.
The Sections bar disclosure of information which would prejudicially affect the sovereignty and integrity of India, the security, strategic, scientific or economic interests of the state, relation with foreign state or lead to incitement of an offence, and those received in confidence from foreign government.
The Finance Ministry was asked to provide copies of letters or any other requests sent to or received from Switzerland and Germany relating to the black money probe.
It was also asked to give copy of letter or invitation received from Swiss government inviting officials from here for discussion on tax evasion issues to that country.
A delegation led by Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das and comprising Finance Ministry officials had visited Switzerland on October 15, this year and held discussions with Swiss Finance and Tax Authorities on issues relating to exchange of information in tax matters.
"The discussions were substantive and useful," a Finance Ministry release had said.
There is at present no official assessment on the quantum of black money in India and abroad.
The Finance Ministry has engaged Delhi-based National Institute of Public Finance and Policy (NIPFP), National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER) and National Institute of Financial Management (NIFM) at Faridabad, for conducting a study on quantum of black money stashed by Indians in foreign banks.
These reports are yet to be placed in the Parliament.
The different estimates on quantum of black money range between $500 billion to $1,400 billion. A study by Global Financial Integrity has estimated the illicit money outflow to be at $462 billion.

Shanghai Composite sees biggest fall in 5 yearsShanghai stocks suffer sharpest fall in five years
Jennifer Hughes and Patrick McGee in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95372ce6-7f79-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Politicians shouldnt go abroad for rock star evenings : Arvind Kejriwal on Modi USvisitBy: Press Trust of India | New York |
Posted: December 9, 2014 3:44 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 4:32 pm
Taking a dig at Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal said that Madison Square Garden congregation is not a sign of good foreign policy as Prime Ministers should not go abroad for “entertainment value” but hardcore diplomacy.
Kejriwal addressed about 200 students and faculty at Columbia University at a closed-door event organised by its School of International and Public Affairs during his whirlwind trip to the city on Sunday.
Columbia students who attended the session with the former Delhi chief minister said there was a mixed reaction.
Some pinned their hope on him and his party while others voiced their concerns over his resignation from the post of chief minister even after winning the elections.
A report in digital news outlet Quartz quoted 46-year-old Kejriwal criticising Modi over his foreign policy, saying politicians should go abroad for substantive policy.
“Large number of people turning up at Madison Square Garden is not foreign policy; it was an event. Our prime minister doesn’t go there for entertainment value…Hardcore diplomacy needs to be discussed,” the Quartz report quoted Kejriwal as saying.
“In Japan, nuclear issue wasn’t even touched upon. It was the work of the PR company of our prime minister and the PR company of the Japanese prime minister,” he said.
Kejriwal was referring to Modi’s address to thousands of Indian-Americans at Madison Square Garden during his visit to the US in September.
Columbia student Casey Tolan tweeted that Kejriwal told students that Modi’s Japan visit was not successful and politicians should not go abroad “for rock star evenings” but for substantive policy.
On the issue of black money, Quartz report quoted Kejriwal as saying that assurances by the Modi government to bring back black money turned out to be “a false election promise”.
“It was just not doable”, he said, “and Modi has taken not even a single step to bring money back”.
He added that the government has not made the black money lists public, since “it has names of some who have funded the party,” the Quartz report said.
After the Columbia lecture, Clinical psychology student Shristhi had said that Kejriwal assured the students that he is back and “hopeful” for the upcoming elections and said there is a buzz in Delhi for him to be back in power.
Students said Kejriwal spoke to them about his decision to quit as Chief Minister and his plans going forward for a corruption-free India.

FM declines to share details on black money ...You are here: Home > Collections
Arun Jaitley declines to share details on black money probe
PTI Dec 9, 2014, 03.27PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Replying to an RTI query,…)
NEW DELHI: Citing national security and confidentiality clauses, Finance Ministry has declined to disclose information on exchange of correspondence among India, Swiss and German authorities in connection with the black money probe.
Replying to an RTI query, the ministry said it was obtaining information regarding Indians having accounts in foreign banks from concerned nations.
"Since the information regarding Indians having accounts in foreign banks which are being obtained from foreign authorities under the prevailing Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements ( DTAA ) are confidential as per the treaty provisions and the same are exempt from disclosure," the Ministry said.
It cited Section 8(1)(a) and (f) of the RTI Act and said "any information in this regard cannot be provided to you".
The Sections bar disclosure of information which would prejudicially affect the sovereignty and integrity of India, the security, strategic, scientific or economic interests of the state, relation with foreign state or lead to incitement of an offence, and those received in confidence from foreign government.
The Finance Ministry was asked to provide copies of letters or any other requests sent to or received from Switzerland and Germany relating to the black money probe.
It was also asked to give copy of letter or invitation received from Swiss government inviting officials from here for discussion on tax evasion issues to that country.
A delegation led by Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das and comprising Finance Ministry officials had visited Switzerland on October 15, this year and held discussions with Swiss Finance and Tax Authorities on issues relating to exchange of information in tax matters.
"The discussions were substantive and useful," a Finance Ministry release had said.
There is at present no official assessment on the quantum of black money in India and abroad.
The Finance Ministry has engaged Delhi-based National Institute of Public Finance and Policy (NIPFP), National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER) and National Institute of Financial Management (NIFM) at Faridabad, for conducting a study on quantum of black money stashed by Indians in foreign banks.
These reports are yet to be placed in the Parliament. The different estimates on quantum of black money range between USD 500 billion to USD 1,400 billion. A study by Global Financial Integrity has estimated the illicit money outflow to be at USD 462 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Trading  investment tips by Nooresh Merani  Tanvir AlamDec 09, 2014, 03.12 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Trading, investment tips by Nooresh Merani, Tanvir Alam
Watch the interview of Nooresh Merani, CEO of Analyse India who shared his readings and outlook on specific stocks and sector & Tanvir Alam, Founder & CEO of Fincart - www.fincart.com answered few personal finance queries.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Trading, investment tips by Nooresh Merani, Tanvir Alam
Watch the interview of Nooresh Merani, CEO of Analyse India who shared his readings and outlook on specific stocks and sector & Tanvir Alam, Founder & CEO of Fincart - www.fincart.com answered few personal finance queries.
Post your opinion here

BMW CEO Reithofer Moves to Chairman s JobIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Aim gross sales of Rs 2K cr by FY18-end: Insecticides IndiaWe are expecting EBITDA margin of around 15 percent by FY18 from the current 10 percent.
Sandeep Aggarwal
CFO
Insecticides India
Insecticides India  is betting big on opportunities from off-patent molecules and is targeting gross sales of around Rs 2,000 crore by FY18. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, CFO Sandeep Aggarwal said positive cash flows are expected in coming years.
The management expects revenues of Rs 75-80 crore from Hakama and Pulsar by the end of FY15. Also, the revenues from the same facility will double by FY16 end (from Rs 48 crore in FY14), added Aggarwal.
SBI Capital Markets is bullish on Insecticides India stock and recommends buying with a target price of Rs 1,031 per share. The stock is currently trading around Rs 870 per share.   
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: We understand from some meetings that you had with analyst earlier that next big opportunity for you is the off-patent molecules. How much are you targeting by way of sales from this segment?
A: We had just launched one off-patented product called Diafenthiuron and during this year this product alone will contribute around Rs 75 crore for both B2B and B2C business. We are going to launch one more product called Imazethapyr in the month of January.
Q: Is it true that the company has targeted doubling its sales in the next four years. I was reading somewhere that you are looking to have gross sales of Rs 2,000 crore by FY18?
A: Yes, we are targeting those sales targets.
Q: With gross sales being at Rs 2,000 crore by FY18 what will margins look like because the company has been improving the margins as well?
A: We are expecting earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) margin of around 15 percent by FY18 from the current 10 percent.
Q: What about your Nissan specialty products? What is your revenue target for this year?
A: We had two products with Nissan, one is Hakama and the other one is Pulsor. Though due to failure of monsoon Hakama has not done very good this year, still we are hoping around Rs 60-65 crore turnover from these two products. Going forward, we can multiply our sales with these two products. Further we are working on two-three more products with Nissan which may come in next two or three years.
Q: I was just looking at your Q2 numbers, your other expenditure has also expanded and provisions for doubtful debt has gone up. Where does it currently stand at?
A: No, there is no doubtful debt on those figures because this year the monsoon was not a big hit and so, we had provided for two-three percent extra. Credit notes can be given at the end of the financial year when we will settle the account so we had taken just three percent extra provisioning nothing else.
Q: Will that be reverse now?
A: It may or may not be possible because at the end of the year when we will finalise the accounts only then the exact figures will come. We have to take the provision though season was not good so we had taken some extra caution in the second quarter.
Q: Up to FY14 you all had undertaken a massive capex program. Are your capex requirements now complete or could we see further capex in FY15 or FY16?
A: It is almost complete just Rs 15-20 crore maintenance capex will be required nothing more than that.
Q: What is the cash generation for the company per quarter?
A: We were in expansion mode since last two-three years and so, positive cash flow will come from next year onwards.
Q: All your capital expansion plans are over and the company can use the cash generation to reduce debt, what is the expected cash generation in FY16?
A: In FY16 we are expecting not to increase our working capital limit any further from this level. The term loans that are around Rs 70 crore now will be over in next three years.
Q: For your Dahej unit can you tell us what is your current utilisation level and how much can we see them being scaled up by FY16?
A: At present we are utilising around 75 percent capacity from Dahej and from the next year we are targeting to achieve by around 95 percent.
Q: The expectation of the analyst community is that return on capital expense (ROCE) will also go up. By how much are you looking to improve your ROCE?
A: When the earnings EBITDA will improve definitely all the ratios will improve. So, we are hoping that from the current 13-14 percent it will increase to 16-17 percent over the next two-three years.
Insecticides stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  10:35 hrs Insecticides India was quoting at Rs 803.05, down Rs 50.8, or 5.95 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 931.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 209.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 41.19 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.5. The latest book value of the company is Rs 194.40 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.13.
RELATED NEWS

UP Govt commits support for GAIL pipeline projectHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
UP Govt commits support for GAIL pipeline project
Debabrata Das
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
The Uttar Pradesh Government has agreed to constitute a high-powered committee to provide a single window clearance for pipeline construction activity, providing a boost to GAIL (India) Ltd’s Jagdishpur-Haldia natural gas pipeline project.
GAIL said in a statement on Tuesday that the company gave a presentation to the UP Government officials. The decision to set up the single window clearance committee was taken during the meeting of GAIL officials with the State Government representatives.
GAIL had requested support from the UP Government for the timely completion of the project. The single window clearance committee will help in securing various statutory clearances like forest, environment, PWD, and irrigation, apart from providing administrative support for the construction.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Shiv Sena cautions BJP govt over losing control of MumbaiHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
Cautioning Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis over his suggestion of a high-level committee for Mumbai’s development, the Uddhav Thackeray-led Shiv Sena today said the control over the city should lie with the state government.
“There is no doubt that Mumbai should develop, but we have to ensure that the remedy does not turn out to be more dangerous than the illness itself. The Shiv Sena believes that Mumbai will not be separated from Maharashtra and the control of the city will only lie with the state government,” the Shiv Sena, which recently joined the BJP-led state government, said in an editorial in its mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
“If the PM only gives special attention to Mumbai, he will be accused of favouritism. Opposition parties will get the ammunition to fire salvo at the government saying that big industrialists are close to the BJP, hence the PM is giving special attention to the city,” it said.
The Sena said other cities of the state, like Mumbai, should also be made into world class cities and the focus should not be on Mumbai alone.
“Nagpur is the second capital of Maharashtra. The Vidarbha region is in dire need of development and industrial growth. Even cities in the Marathwada region can be developed into world class cities. All this will contribute to the development of the state,” the editorial said.
While addressing a high-level meeting of chief ministers recently convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to provide a substitute for the planning commission, Fadnavis had suggested to the Centre that a high-level committee headed by Modi be set up for the development of the city.
“Mumbai is the commercial capital of India, unless Mumbai is developed, there is no scope for the development of the country. For Mumbai’s development, there is an urgent need of effective coordination between state and central agencies. Under such circumstances, it will be appropriate to set up a Mumbai development committee headed by the PM,” Fadnavis had said.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party Shiv Sena Uddhav Thackeray
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Furious BJP condemns Mamata s Modi remarksHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Parliamentary Party today unanimously condemned the “unruly” and “objectionable” remarks by Mamata Banerjee and TMC leader Kalyan Banerjee against Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other leaders, saying such remarks go against civic ethics.
The party MPs, who met in Parliament House library in the absence of the Prime Minister and BJP chief Shah, were informed that the Insurance Bill will be taken up next week in the Parliament after the Union Cabinet approves the report of the Select Committee.
The party also hailed Modi’s rally in Srinagar yesterday which was attended by a record number of Kashmiris and termed it as a “historic” one.
“The BJP Parliamentary Party unanimously condemned the unruly and indecent remarks made by Mamata Banerjee and TMC leader Kalyan Banerjee against the Prime Minister and other BJP leaders. The party feels such remarks against the democratic spirit and civic ethics,” Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said after the meet.
Naqvi said the party leaders felt such uncalled for remarks are “highly condemnable and objectionable”.
Earlier addressing BJP MPs at the meeting, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley informed them that the Insurance Bill will be taken up in Parliament next week as the Select Committee of Rajya Sabha looking into the bill has approved it and will present its report.
Jaitley told them that once the report is submitted to Rajya Sabha, the Union Cabinet will approve the recommendations and the bill will be taken up for consideration and passage.
He also informed the members on how the stalemate in Rajya Sabha was resolved as various parties creating uproar over Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti’s remarks had scaled down their demand and were seeking to find a “face saver” to come out of the situation as “they were losing their image before public”.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu talked about the Prime Minister’s “historic” rally in Srinagar which was hailed by the Parliamentary Party. He then asked Union Minister Jitendra Singh to apprise them about the rally, where he accompanied the Prime Minister.
Singh said never before in the last 30 years such a rally took place in Srinagar where a large number of people gathered to hear the Prime Minister. He also expressed hope that BJP will perform well in the Jammu and Kashmir Assembly elections.
The BJP Parliamentary Party also congratulated the Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan units of the party for the party’s victory in the civic body elections in both the states.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party Mamata Banerjee Trinamool Congress
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Banning Uber not a solution: Nitin GadkariBanning Uber not a solution, says Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 02:45 PM IST
Union Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari today disagreed with the decision to ban Uber cab services in Delhi in the wake of the alleged rape of a 27-year -old woman in a taxi plying under it, saying such a move could not be a solution.
"New developments are taking place in transport systems through electronics. Banning the railways for train accidents, buses for bus accidents and taxis is not correct," Gadkari said outside Parliament House here.
The minister's statement came a day after Delhi government banned all operations by private cab service Uber with immediate effect and blacklisted it from providing any transport service in the national capital following the alleged rape committed by a driver registered with it.
Asked specifically about Delhi government's move, the Union minister said that state governments have the right to take a decision in such matters.
"It is up to the state government to decide because the subject is in Concurrent List. State governments have equal right to take a decision about it," he said.
Saying that new systems with modern concepts must be encouraged Gadkari, however, noted that lacunae in such systems should be plugged.
Citing data that 30% of driving licences in the country were bogus, the minister said that a new system would be put in place to replace the Motor Vehicles Act.
"As per a report, 30% of the driving licences in the country are bogus... We are going to change the 1988 Motor Vehicles Act by which we will have a centre comprising all records of drivers. That would help solve the problem of accessing the accident and criminal records of drivers," he said.

VP Institution Angel BrokingExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
With rich industry experience of more than 13 years in the Global Services Industry overseas & in India, Mr. Mayuresh Joshi has been leading Financial Planning, Investor Relations and Business Expansion with various reputed corporate houses. He has directed private, corporate and institutional clientele across countries. He had been associated with Compliance, Sales-Marketing -All India level & business turnaround management initiatives at his previous stints and has also been instrumental in developing and managing Internet-Trading platform at Angel. He has extensive experience in building the asset management, Institution and advisory side of the business. His innate knack at fundamental research combined with successful exposure to advisory and relationship management has won him many accolades. At Angel, Mr. Joshi is assigned with the principal responsibility of helping the senior management achieve their objective of expanding Angel’s wings to cover and grow the institutional business through developing fundamental research strategies, empanelment with DII’s and FII’s , generating innovative Derivatives & Technical Strategy / calls from the Research Team as per client preferences. He has been continuously engaged in building the different verticals of Angel group. Academic Background: Member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and an expert in Corporate Law, Mr. Joshi completed his C.A. (Inter) from Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
ABOUT Mayuresh Joshi
With rich industry experience of more than 13 years in the Global Services Industry overseas & in India, Mr. Mayuresh Joshi has been leading Financial Planning, Investor Relations and Business Expansion with various reputed corporate houses. He has directed private, corporate and institutional clientele across countries. He had been associated with Compliance, Sales-Marketing -All India level & business turnaround management initiatives at his previous stints and has also been instrument...

Lodha Palava- World-class homes from INR 41.5LacsX
(Click to Close)
Palava is spread across 4000 acres (1/4 the size of the island city  of Mumbai), the city has been master planned to perfection by the  world's best urban planners to make life easy for its citizens.
Palava is spread across 4000 acres (1/4 the size of the island city  of Mumbai), the city has been master planned to perfection by the  world's best urban planners to make life easy for its citizens.
Located at the strategic junction of Thane, Navi Mumbai and  Kalyan with great connectivity to all parts of Mumbai.
ULTIMATE LIVING AND INVESTMENT DESTINATION
CHOOSE TODAY. CHOOSE REAL. CHOOSE RIGHT.
WHY INVEST IN REAL ESTATE? WHAT MAKES MUMBAI THE DEFINITIVE CHOICE?
Real estate is a source of future income streams which is much more stable in nature than equities, bonds or investment in commodities like gold.Mumbai, being the financial capital of India and the most pulsating city in the country, is undoubtedly the most favoured city to live in. Owning a home in Mumbai is a matter of pride as it announces one’s success. A pre-launch proposition makes it even more attractive since you get an early-mover advantage via smaller investments and higher returns.
WHY INVEST IN PALAVA?
Palava is perfectly situated to be a major business hub.
At the centre of the economic triangle of Navi Mumbai, Thane, and Kalyan.
Less than an hour from South Mumbai (via the Eastern Freeway).
Within 20 minutes of the upcoming international airport.
40 minutes from Mumbai’s main port, JNPT.
Well-connected by rail. Nearby stations include Dombivli (Central Rail),Vashi (Harbour Rail), and Nilje (Diva-Panvel line).
Infrastructure upgrades expected to boost the development and prices in the region in the immediate future :
Planned expansion of roads leading to Vashi and Kalyan.
Upgradation of Nilje railway station to suburban railway line status.
Monorail station proposed within the city.
The area is seeing major road upgrades such as the widening of the Badlapur Road and infrastructure upgrade around Mahape.
Pivotal location for upcoming regional transportation projects like the Virar-Alibaug multimodal corridor.
SITE ACTION

Ben Lerer: My make or break decision0
It took six months for us to hammer out our vision and settle the terms. I was in Mexico for an off-site the weekend we were supposed to be signing the deal. “Unpleasant” would be a really nice way to put it. The back-and-forth-and-back was massively stressful, and a little bit of me was saying, “What am I getting myself into? Business is good — am I sure I want to invite more stress into my life?” I definitely had all those second-guesses. This was my life's work, and JackThreads was [founder] Jason Ross's life's work. So neither of us was taking this lightly. In the end, we signed the deal.
Since we acquired JackThreads four years ago, the business is more than 10 times bigger than it was before. It's not like it's been a “nice little change.” It's been huge. Half of our employees are working on commerce, and the physical company is a crazy thing: We have our 50,000-square-foot office in [New York City's] SoHo along with a 110,000-square-foot warehouse in Brooklyn, and editors in 30 cities. More than half of our revenue comes from retail — and I think eventually 80 percent will. We'll do upward of $100 million in revenue this year, even though we've raised less capital than most other businesses of our scale.
Now, we can look back and say, “Oh, we were so brave!” I think we were probably naive. I don't think I understood how much of a bear commerce is in general — managing your own fulfillment and handling inventory at scale, manufacturing and design, operating customer service call centers. And having a relationship with UPS. And building technology and data infrastructure around inventory management. We didn't know what that was about. But we knew that if we didn't try, we couldn't win. I'm just glad we won.

Lefties make less money: StudyThe great Indian sale
Left-handed people are more likely to work in manual labour and make less money than their right-handed peers, a new Harvard study has found.
Researcher Josh Goodman found that left-handed people are likely to earn 12 per cent less over their lifetime.
Which hand you write with is not just about preference, Goodman said, adding that handedness is interesting because it indicates that two people might have brains that are wired a bit differently.
The study found that differential brain wiring may affect the way people process language.
This “seems to have a little effect on math scores, reading scores, and earnings later in life,” according to Goodman.
The differences in brain wiring could make lefties vulnerable to some learning disabilities.
“My guess is what is going on is that in part because lefties process language in the brain a bit differently they’re at slightly higher risk for things like dyslexia,” Goodman told FoxNews.com.
“They score slightly lower on standardised tests like math and reading,” he said.
The study was published in the Journal of Economic Perspectives.
More from personalfinance

BIS sounds alarm over resurgent dollarBank for International Settlements sounds alarm over dollar
Claire Jones in Frankfurt and Sam Fleming in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d1702e12-7df6-11e4-b7c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

N Korea denies being behind Sony attackDecember 7, 2014 11:04 pm
N Korea denies being behind Sony attack
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b02173d8-7e5f-11e4-b7c3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Infosys co-founders sell $1bn of stock© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f9b4c99c-7ea4-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delhi bans Uber after sex assault claimsDelhi bans Uber after driver sex assault allegations
Amy Kazmin — New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aae208da-7ea3-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

After 15 years of practice  why are we still so awful at emailAfter 15 years of practice, why are we still so awful at email?
Lucy Kellaway
I detect two new trends are emerging in greetings, both bad. Sign-offs are getting worse too
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fcee739c-7be3-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sony PlayStation online store hackedSony PlayStation online store hacked
Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56157166-7ebc-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Guess who is Australia s 13th man for first TestHughes named 13th man for Adelaide Test
Australia will honour their recently-deceased colleague by symbolically adding him to the squad.
AFP –  Mon 8 Dec, 2014 1:20 PM IST
Tweet
0
Michael Clarke was Monday passed fit to lead Australia in the emotional opening Test against India in Adelaide, with the late Phillip Hughes symbolically named 13th man.
Clarke had been in doubt for the series opener starting Tuesday with recurring hamstring problems and in the wake of the heart-wrenching death of his close friend Hughes, which plunged the cricket world into mourning.
He was not at the traditional captain's pre-match media conference at the Adelaide Oval, but fast bowler Mitchell Johnson confirmed the skipper would lead Australia in what will be an emotional day.
Hughes never regained consciousness after being struck by a bouncer during a domestic game in Sydney, and died in hospital surrounded by family and friends last month.
Australia's jerseys for the game will all be numbered 408 in Hughes' memory. "It's a huge boost to have Clarkey back in and playing for us," Johnson told reporters of the Test, which was originally scheduled for Brisbane but was delayed and switched to Adelaide after the Hughes tragedy.
"I think with his captaincy he's shown how strong he's been over the last couple of weeks with the tragedy that we've had. We need him out there in this tough series."
The public outpouring in the wake of Hughes' death culminated in a moving funeral in his hometown of Macksville last week attended by cricket stars past and present.
New South Wales Premier Mike Baird said Monday a formal state memorial service had been called off after consulting with the Hughes family and Cricket Australia.
"All parties felt that given the enormous outpouring of support at last Wednesday's funeral, that a state memorial service would no longer need to be held," Baird said.
A number of tributes are planned for the Test with the Australian players wearing Hughes' Test cap number 408 on their playing shirts, and black armbands in honour of their former team-mate.
Before play, the Australian and Indian teams will stand before a large 408 painted on the oval's playing surface as they observe a video tribute, narrated by former Australia Test captain and prominent commentator Richie Benaud.
- Fitting tribute -
Johnson said the availability of Clarke, who has been widely praised for his leadership during the Hughes crisis, would help the team cope.
"He's a strong leader. He has been an aggressive leader," the fast bowler said.
"He's a huge boost for us in our line-up. I really hope that he can go out there and score a lot of runs for us. We all know that he's really keen to do that. He's a huge part and we're glad that he's back."
Clarke, in particular, took the death of Hughes hard. He struggled for composure in delivering a family statement to the media, while he led the tributes at the funeral and was one of the pallbearers.
Johnson said wearing Hughes's 408 cap number on the team's shirts was a fitting tribute to their fallen team-mate.
"It's really special. His family, I think that would make them very proud," he said.
"I'm very proud to be able to wear that number through this Test. We've named him as the 13th man as well. It's all very special."
Fast bowler Josh Hazlewood and batsman Shaun Marsh were left out of the starting XI, with Hazlewood to stay in Adelaide and Marsh to return to playing duties with his Western Australian state side.
Australia - Michael Clarke (capt), David Warner, Chris Rogers, Shane Watson, Steve Smith, Mitchell Marsh, Brad Haddin, Ryan Harris, Mitchell Johnson , Peter Siddle, Nathan Lyon. Josh Hazlewood (12th), Phillip Hughes (13th)
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Oil producers feel pinch of price slideDecember 8, 2014 3:00 pm
Gulf oil producers feel the pinch of price slide
Ayesha Daya in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ebb1bec-7ed3-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BP fails in Supreme Court gulf appealBP fails in US Supreme Court gulf appeal
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2034b7d4-7eec-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil prices slide to five-year low© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eaa297ce-7eca-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US naturalist Paul Rosolie swallowed by a snake for TV showBy: Agence-France Presse | New York |
Posted: December 8, 2014 10:22 pm
When naturalist Paul Rosolie wanted to focus attention on the destruction of the Amazon rainforest, he decided he needed a stunt guaranteed to get people looking.
So the staunch environmentalist offered himself as dinner to an anaconda – and was swallowed alive, filming every moment.
Anacondas, the largest snakes in the world, typically suffocate their prey before ingesting it, making Rosolie’s attempt all the more dangerous.
But Rosolie survived, and now people all around the world will have a chance to watch his harrowing journey into the stomach of the beast, starting Sunday night when the video airs in the United States on the Discovery Channel.
The idea came to him after a decade spent working in, and working to save, the rainforest habitat, Rosolie said.
“Everybody on Earth knows that the rainforests are disappearing and most people can tell you how important they are, but still, not enough people are paying attention, not enough people realize this is such a problem.”
The American activist said he was proud to take on the adventure, even though the prospect of dying was hard to
swallow.
To avoid suffocating, experts crafted Rosolie a specially designed carbon fiber suit, equipped with a breathing system as well as with cameras and a system to communicate.
“We didn’t know if this was going to work, if I was going to be eaten, but we made sure that if I did make it inside the snake, I wouldn’t suffocate,” Rosolie explained after the ordeal. The next challenge was trying to find a snake in the Peruvian Amazon jungle.
“We spent 60 days out in the jungle, camping, hiking, looking through swamps every night,” Rosolie said.
Eventually, they found a female snake, which at, six meters long, fit the bill.
“When I went up to the snake, it didn’t try to eat me right away,” Rosolie recounted.
The explorer was swallowed head first and spent more than an hour inside the giant snake, he said, adding that he kept in touch with his team the whole time.
He said he was scared that something would go wrong, but at the same time, “I was very excited to do it.”
After the US showing, “Eaten Alive” will air on December 10 in Finland, Denmark, Hungary, Poland and Sweden, and two days later in Australia, before being broadcast in other countries, including China and India.

Insurance Bill: Congress changes tack  toes Centres lineHopeful Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the Rajya Sabha on Monday PTI
Select committee to table report in Parliament tomorrow
New Delhi, December 8:  
The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) succeeded in limiting the dissent notes to the Select Committee’s report on the Insurance Bill to four, as the Congress, AIADMK and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) decided to toe the Government’s line.
Four parties — the CPI(M), Trinamool Congress, Janata Dal (United) and Samajwadi Party — have submitted dissent notes to the panel’s report recommending an increase in the foreign direct investment (FDI) limit in the insurance sector.
The panel, headed by BJP MP Chandan Mitra, has asked the Centre to define the term ‘control’ in the Bill.
It suggested that an explanation be added in the Bill that “the term ‘control’ shall include the right to appoint a majority of the directors or to control the management or policy decisions, including by virtue of their shareholding or management rights or shareholder agreements or voting rights”.
“We felt that there should be clarity on the issue of control. The control of the companies should remain with Indians,” a panel member said.
The Select Committee, which makes recommendations to the House, will table its report on Wednesday. The Bill is likely to be taken up next week.
With the Congress offering its support, it will be easy for the Government to pass the Bill.
Later, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told a trade delegation from the UK that he is hopeful that expansion of the insurance market will take place once the Bill is passed. He expressed his “sense of satisfaction” over the recommendations made by the Select Committee.
The committee rejected the demand of Opposition parties to not increase the FDI limit from the existing 26 per cent.
“In view of the increasingly globalised economy and expanding global financial flows, involving manufacturing, banking etc for growth and development, the Committee is not in agreement with the argument of not increasing the cap in the insurance sector…” the report said. It, however, urged the Centre to limit FDI and all portfolio investments to 49 per cent.
The Opposition parties accused the Congress of taking a U-turn from its stated position against the foreign institutional investor route.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Berkshire lands foothold in SingaporeBerkshire’s specialist insurance arm lands foothold in Singapore
Alistair Gray in London and Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b0cae626-7ef4-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Risk-exposed frontier markets sell off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c924bca4-7ef1-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russian bond yield soars to highest since 2009Sign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Feed it forward in Salt Lake Cityfeed it forward in salt lake city
Infosys looks to expand into AIInfosys looks to expand into artificial intelligence
By James Crabtree in New Delhi and Avantika Chilkoti in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/00b295ec-5071-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Infosys  off to a good start© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8ef2adde-5057-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BP / Gocompare / QuindellUS court ensures BP has worst possible start to era of cheap oil
Jonathan Guthrie
Court ruling plus expected compensation for breaching Clean Water Act take toll on UK group
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09c5a23e-7eb9-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Analyst Prabhudas LilladherExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
Surajit Pal, AVP-Analyst Pharma at Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd is associated with the company since June 2013. He has worked with Elara Securities and Standard Chartered Capital Market Ltd as Sr. Analyst and Sr. Research Analyst respectively. He has completed PGDBA, Management--Finance from IBS Hyderabad.
ABOUT Surajit Pal
Surajit Pal, AVP-Analyst Pharma at Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd is associated with the company since June 2013. He has worked with Elara Securities and Standard Chartered Capital Market Ltd as Sr. Analyst and Sr. Research Analyst respectively. He has completed PGDBA, Management--Finance from IBS Hyderabad.

Founder & Managing Partner Geosphere Capital ManagementExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
Arvind founded Geosphere Capital Management in 2007, a global long-short equity hedge fund focusing on natural resources and industrial companies globally with offices in New York and Singapore. Between 2002 and 2007, he was a Portfolio Manager at SAC Capital, and was one of the most senior equity portfolio managers, managing a team of six investment professionals in New York and Singapore. Prior to his tenure at SAC, Arvind had a 15-year career as a top-ranked sellside oil services and equipment analyst at a number of firms, including Deutsche Bank, DLJ (1995- 2000), and Kidder Peabody. Arvind graduated from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, with a B. Tech in 1984 and received his MBA from Tulane University in 1987. He is Chairman of the Board of Pratham USA and is member of the Business School Council at The A.B. Freeman School of Business at Tulane University.
ABOUT Arvind Sanger
Arvind founded Geosphere Capital Management in 2007, a global long-short equity hedge fund focusing on natural resources and industrial companies globally with offices in New York and Singapore. Between 2002 and 2007, he was a Portfolio Manager at SAC Capital, and was one of the most senior equity portfolio managers, managing a team of six investment professionals in New York and Singapore. Prior to his tenure at SAC, Arvind had a 15-year career as a top-ranked sellside oil services and equipme...

Domestic car sales rise 9.52 per cent in NovemberDomestic car sales rise 9.52 per cent in November
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 12:32 IST
Photo: Reuters
Domestic passenger car sales increased 9.52 per cent to 1,56,445 units in November as compared with 1,42,849 units in the year-ago month.
Motorcycle sales last month declined 3.05 per cent to 8,53,254 units from 8,80,078 units a year earlier, according to data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM).
Total two-wheeler sales in November rose 4.89 per cent to 13,01,431 units.
Sales of commercial vehicles rose 9.05 per cent to 47,686 units in November, SIAM said.
Vehicle sales across categories registered an increase of 5.03 per cent to 16,03,292 units from 15,26,514 units in November 2013, it added.

Nuts! Korean flight delayed by first class spatBy: Associated Press | Seoul |
Posted: December 9, 2014 1:08 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 10:42 am
Forget dust-ups over reclining seats in economy class. There’s a new and exclusive twist on inflight anger: Nut rage in first class.
A recent Korean Air Lines flight was delayed when the daughter of its chairman ordered a senior crew member off the plane for allowing passengers in the pointy end of the aircraft to be served bagged macadamia nuts instead of nuts on a plate.
The airline has apologized for inconveniencing passengers, but also excused the woman’s behavior.
South Korean daily Segye Ilbo reported this week that the flight from New York City to Incheon, South Korea returned to the gate after Cho Hyun-ah told the head of cabin crew to leave the plane. The report said Cho quarreled with crew in the first class cabin and the flight departed 20 minutes late.
Cho, 40, is vice president responsible for cabin service at the airline. She is the oldest child of Korean Air’s chairman, tycoon Cho Yang-ho. Her two siblings are also executives at South Korea’s largest airline.
The incident caused uproar in South Korea where it was seen as an example of over-mighty behavior by the offspring of the moneyed elite.
The South Korean economy is dominated by family-controlled conglomerates known as chaebol. Family members often wield greater influence over major companies than shareholders and executives with no blood ties to the founding family.
Korean Air Lines confirmed that Flight 86 was delayed at John F. Kennedy airport on December 5 due to the nut incident. But the company said the decision to disembark the crew member was made by the flight’s captain.
South Korea’s government said it is investigating whether Cho violated aviation safety law. Cho could face legal action if the probe shows that she interrupted the flight or endangered safety by using threats, her status or violence.
Korean Air Lines Co. said Tuesday it was “natural” for Cho to fault crew’s ignorance of procedures.
Cabin crew are required to ask first class passengers whether they want nuts, partly to avoid serving them to people with allergies. The nuts also should have been served on a plate. The airline said it will step up training to improve customer service and safety.  Cho was not available to comment.
People’s Solidarity for Participatory Democracy, a civic group, said it would file a complaint against Cho with prosecutors.”
The anger and the concern from the public were so big because safety and procedures related to important services were simply ignored” due to Cho’s status, the group said.

MHA asks all states to ban Uber | View: Ubers cool  but arrogance isnt | CoverageMHA asks all states to ban Uber; Centre could ask for shutdown of its mobile app
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 01.23PM IST
Tags:
Uber
(Delhi Police has also registered…)
The Home Ministry has advised all states to stop operations of Uber and public be advised not to hire any transport service provided by web-based taxi service providers like Uber. A communique was sent to the Chief Secretaries, Home Secretaries, Police Chiefs and the Transport Secretaries of all states on Monday night by the Union Home Ministry.
Delhi Police has also registered an FIR against Uber Cabs on charges of cheating its customers and disobeying a government order. Senior Uber executives will be questioned now. Charges are likely to be filed before the end of this month, Delhi Police said. Home Ministry officials told ET that Delhi Police has been told to ask Uber to shut down its mobile application which is used by passengers to book taxis and Uber will also be asked to hand over its database of drivers and taxis that are enrolled with it to stop them from plying in the national capital.
As of now, the mobile applications of services like Uber, Ola and Taxi For Sure are still running though the Delhi Government prohibited all of them from functioning on Monday.
Police Commissioner B.S. Bassi told ET that police will also ensure that the police verification is now done of all drivers associated with the licensed radio cabs to ensure safety of women. Licensed radio cabs are mandated under the rules to get the antecedents of their drivers verified from the police and police will now check if this has been complied with. "We will bind all commercial drivers under the CrPC to get their antecedents verified from the police," Bassi told ET.
Uber is operating in Kolkata, Jaipur, Chandigarh, Ahmedabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Pune, Bangalore and Kochi. "Following the incident of a heinous crime by an All India Tourist Permit holder in Delhi associated with Uber company, a web-based taxi service provider, the transport department of Govt of NCT of Delhi has banned the said company to provide any transport related service in Delhi. All such web based taxi service providers which are not licensed with the state governments/UT administrations should also be prohibited to operate till they get registered with the state governments or UT Administrations," says the communique sent by the Home Ministry to states on Monday.
The Home Ministry has hence said "it is advised" to ensure that operations of these services is stopped till the said companies obtain the necessary license or permission from the concerned state governments and UT Administrations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

OnMobile Global jumps on buyback planOnMobile Global jumps on buyback plan
Qatar prince to invest Rs 1 trillion in India s smart citiesHi Guest
Qatar prince to invest Rs 1 trillion in India's smart cities
The government may be inviting the Americans, Chinese and Japanese to invest in India, but just one person is ready to put in Rs 1 lakh crore (Rs 1 trillion) over the next five years.   A Qatari man holds the national flag during a celebration in Doha. Photograph: FADI AL-ASSAAD/Reuters Enthused with the new government’s spirited approach towards new investment, a prince of Qatar, Hamad Bin Nasser A A Al-Thani, member of the ruling family, is looking at investing the sum in at ...

Uber mired in controversies; debacle to hit other taxi servicesHi Guest
Uber mired in controversies; debacle to hit other taxi services
Home-grown taxi booking companies which have a business model similar to Uber's might have stricter security norms imposed on them.  Image: Uber in big trouble. Photograph: Reuters     Taxi-hailing service Uber's ride here came to a grinding halt on Monday, with transport authorities banning the US-based firm from operating in the national capital with immediate effect.  The directive follows a taxi driver associated with Uber allegedly raping a 27-year-old woman on Friday ...

Carmignac bets on French stocks over bonds© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c20dc0ae-7ef7-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rs 11 488 cr utilised under NHRM till Oct: GovtNational Health Mission
(Minister of State for Health…)
NEW DELHI: Admitting shortage of funds for proper implementation of National Rural Health Mission ( NRHM ) and for National Health Mission , government today said Rs 11,488.22 crore has been utlilised under the schemes till October this year.
Replying to a supplementary during the Question Hour in Rajya Sabha , Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare Shripad Naik said Rs 21,912 crore expenditure has been estimated in the Budget for the current fiscal.
During the last fiscal, Rs 18,211.45 crore was utilised under the scheme against the revised estimates of Rs 18,100 crore. In the previous fiscal, against the revised estimates of Rs 17,000 crore, Rs 16,762.77 crore was utilised.
He said several difficulties were being faced in the implementation of the scheme due to shortage of infrastructure and funds.
Delay in transfer of funds from consolidated fund of the state to state health societies was also causing the delay in the current fiscal.
Naik admitted inadequate co-ordination between state health directorate and state health mission.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mauritius yet to agree on tax treaty revisio...Arun Jaitley
("India has made certain…)
NEW DELHI: Government today said Mauritius is yet to agree to certain proposals to the long pending revision of bilateral tax treaty.
"India has made certain proposals for revision of DTAC to end round tripping and other aspects. Mauritius is yet to agree to such revision," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.
A Joint Working Group has been set up by the two countries to find a mutually acceptable solution towards revision of Double Taxation Avoidance Convention (DTAC).
Jaitley said 10 meetings of the JWG have taken place so far, the last being in November 2013.
Negotiations to amend the Indo-Mauritius tax treaty have been hanging fire for a long time amid India's apprehensions that it is being misused to route unaccounted money and evade taxes.
Round-tripping is usually referred to routing of India's domestic investments through Mauritius to take advantage of the DTAC between the two countries.
While Mauritius says it has strict checks and balances in place, uncertainties over the tax treaty have adversely affected investment flows between the two nations.
Mauritius is one of the top sources of foreign direct investments into India. During the last financial year, India attracted $4.85 billion from Mauritius.
Between April-September this fiscal, there has been an inflow of $4.19 billion into India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi rape: FIR against Uber for cheating  driver charged with forgeryGovt speaks in two voices on banning radio cabs
Karn Pratap Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 13:35 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 03:16 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
The government on Tuesday asked all states and Union territories to stop operations of web-based cab-booking services but appeared to be talking in two voices about the proposed ban with ministers differing over the way such companies should be regulated.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
While home minister Rajnath Singh told the Rajya Sabha that his ministry had “advised state governments to ensure operations of web-based taxi services are stopped”, his colleague and road transport minister Nitin Gadkari said such a ban didn’t make sense.
Singh's statement comes a day after the Delhi government banned all unregistered internet taxi services, including Uber, Ola, TaxiForSure and TaxiPixi, for not following existing transport department regulations.
Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure cabs on Delhi's roads despite ban
According to the home ministry, service providers which are not licensed with the state government and UT administrations are prohibited to operate till they get registered.
But, Gadkari told reporters outside Parliament, “Tomorrow, if something happens on a train or a bus, we can’t ban that. Similarly, if something of this sort happens on a plane, that too cannot be banned,”
The minister added modern concepts like these were being implemented worldwide, in countries like the UK and US. “Banning is not a solution. We should look at ways to effectively regulate it,” Gadkari said.
Speaking in a suo-moto statement in the Upper House, Singh had said the government would take all steps to ensure the safety of women and children but clarified the Centre wanted to regulate operations of cab-booking companies and not ban them.
“The government strongly condemns this dastardly act. All necessary steps are being taken to bring the offender to justice,” Singh said.
In spite of the government advisory, Uber cabs continued to ply in most metro cities on Tuesday. In Mumbai and Kolkata, the service was available and the smartphone app active. In Bengaluru, cabs on the web-based app were unavailable though no clear ban was announced in the southern city.
Uber’s smartphone app also continued to remain active and cabs available for hire in Delhi, more than 24 hours after the US-based firm was banned in the Capital following the rape of a 25-year-old woman Friday night. 
Uber, meanwhile, was booked by the Delhi Police for allegedly misleading their passengers by claiming they do a background verification on their drivers.  
 
An FIR under Section 420 (cheating) and 34 (common intention) was filed against the US-based company at the Sarai Rohilla police station, Madhur Verma, DCP (north), told Hindustan Times on Tuesday.
 
"Our investigation... revealed that no (driver) verification was being done by Uber in India. This means they were circulating wrong information to people here who were using their services. This violation certainly attracts a cheating case against them," said a police officer.
(with HTC inputs from Bengaluru, Mumbai and Kolkata)

Sensex tanks 322 pts  Nifty ends at 8341; midcaps & metals bleedDec 09, 2014, 03.50 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex tanks 322 pts, Nifty ends at 8341; metals bleed
State-run oil explorer ONGC hit 7-month low, down nearly 4 percent post fall in oil prices. Cairn India fell nearly 2 percent as brokerage Macquarie downgraded the stock to neutral from outperform on fall in crude oil.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex tanks 322 pts, Nifty ends at 8341; metals bleed
State-run oil explorer ONGC hit 7-month low, down nearly 4 percent post fall in oil prices. Cairn India fell nearly 2 percent as brokerage Macquarie downgraded the stock to neutral from outperform on fall in crude oil.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market closing
Blood spilled on Dalal Street on Asian markets jitters. The Sensex was down 322.39 points or 1.1 percent at 27797.01 and the Nifty slipped  97.55 points or 1.2 percent at 8340.70.
About 919 shares advanced, 2032 shares declined, and 92 shares were unchanged.
Both midcaps and smallcaps were butchered while infra, metals, oil and autos were hammered out of shape.Among the losers were Sesa Sterlite, ONGC, Tata Power, Bharti Airtel and NTPC. Dr Reddy's Labs, M&M,  Sun Pharma and HDFC Bank were major gainers in the Sensex. 
03:05pm Market Update
The Sensex shed 307.79 points or 1.09 percent to 27811.61 and the Nifty fell 95.15 points or 1.13 percent to 8343.10 while the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices plunged 1.55 percent each.
Declining shares outnumbered advancing ones by a ratio of 2062 to 810 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
03:00pm FM says
The government will get an additional Rs 10,500 crore in the current fiscal from hike in excise duty on petrol and diesel.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told the Rajya Sabha in a written reply that excise duty hike on November 12 and December 2 will fetch the exchequer Rs 6,000 crore and Rs 4,500 crore respectively in the remaining months of the fiscal, ending March 31, 2015.
The government had raised the excise duty in two tranches on November 12 and December 2 in view of the decline in prices of crude oil in the international market.
02:45pm DQ Entertainment in demand
DQ Entertainment (International ), a global entertainment production and distribution
company focused on children's and family animation content, announced that its holding company and promoter, DQ Entertainment (Mauritius), has executed the documents today to raise funds up to USD 50 million by way of senior secured convertible bonds from OL Master Limited, a private credit fund managed by OCP Asia (Hong Kong).
The stock rallied more than 5 percent.
02:25pm DLF in Focus
With Securities Appellate Tribunal set to hear DLF and its senior executives' plea against Sebi ruling on Wednesday, the focus is likely to be on the accounting practices that were followed by the realty major.
The tribunal, last month, clubbed the petition from DLF's promoters with the company's main plea against Sebi ruling.
In October, the market watchdog had banned DLF, its chairman K P Singh and five other senior officials from the securities market for three years with regard to alleged non-disclosure of three of its hundreds of subsidiaries in the 2007 IPO filing.
Besides Singh, his son and vice-chairman Rajiv Singh, younger daughter and whole-time director Pia Singh, directors T C Goyal and Ramesh Sanka were also banned from securities market by Sebi.
Pertaining to the case, the focus is likely to shift to accounting standards followed by the realty major as the same is a bone of contention with the Securities Exchange and Board
of India (Sebi), sources said, reports PTI.
02:15pm Market Expert
The month of December has not been too kind to Indian equities. The market has lost 2.5 percent from the start of this month.
Deven Choksey, MD, KR Choksey Shares and Securities said that one should use every dip in the market as a buying opportunity.
He expects the Nifty to hover in the broad range of 8,200-8,600 going ahead. Also, he doesn’t foresee a major correction in the near-term.
He is bullish on banks especially large public sector lenders. Quality midcaps should also be considered for investing, he added.
02:00pm Market Check
Equity benchmarks remained under pressure following global sell-off. The Sensex tanked 285.77 points or 1.02 percent to 27833.63 and the Nifty lost 85.90 points or 1.02 percent to 8352.35 as Asian markets closed lower with the China's Shanghai down 5.4 percent on profit taking amid expectations of weak GDP in 2015 and liquidity fears.
European markets like France's CAC, Germany's DAX and Britain's FTSE dropped 1 percent each post Asian rout and further fall in crude oil prices. Brent crude declined to fresh five-year lows, down 47 cents to USD 65.72 a barrel.
The loss in broader markets was more than benchmarks; the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices slipped 1.4 percent each. More than two shares declined for every share advancing on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
 
State-run oil explorer ONGC hit 7-month low, down nearly 4 percent post fall in oil prices. Cairn India fell nearly 2 percent as brokerage Macquarie downgraded the stock to neutral from outperform on fall in crude oil.
 
Metal stocks were under pressure post China fall. Sesa Sterlite, JSPL, Hindalco and Tata Steel plunged 2-4 percent.
However, Sun Pharma gained 1.6 percent and Ranbaxy rallied 3 percent after Competition Commission of India clears merger deal with some riders.
Mahindra and Mahindra remained in positive terrain, up nearly a percent after brokerage CLSA reiterated buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1,550, citing favourable risk reward ratio.
Jet Airways gained another 6 percent as the airline company may get more market share after its rival SpiceJet cancelled 1080 flights till December 31.
13:02
Sensex loses over 200 pts, Nifty weak on global jitters
Metals, infra, oil and auto stocks are dragging the indices majorly. Tata Power, Sesa Sterlite, Bharti Airtel, NTPC and ONGC are big laggards in the Sensex. On the gaining side are Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy's Labs, TCS, M&M and Hero Moto.

Religious extremism preached at three madrassas: GovtReligious extremism preached at three madrassas: Govt
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
A probe into the blast in West Bengal’s Burdwan district has found that religious extremism and indoctrination was being preached in three madrassas controlled by illegal Bangladeshi migrants, government today said.
Minister of State for Home Haribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary said in Lok Sabha that there are no reports about madrassas in general, preaching religious extremism or helping terrorist organisations.
“However, during investigations into the Burdwan blast case, it has been disclosed that in three madrassas controlled by illegal Bangladeshi migrants, religious extremism and indoctrination was being preached,” he said.
“The Government has put in place the necessary mechanism to closely monitor the situation and has directed the intelligence and security agencies to identify such institutions, especially along the international borders and keep a watch on their activities,” he said in reply to a written question.
Two people were killed in October 2 blast in Burdwan and a subsequent probe has brought to light the involvement of banned terror outfit Jamaat ul Mujahideen Bangladesh in it.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Carlyle buys Newgen KnowledgeWorks for Rs $33 mnCarlyle buys Newgen KnowledgeWorks for $33 mn
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 03:40 PM IST
Global alternative asset manager The Carlyle Group has acquired control stake in Chennai-based Newgen KnowledgeWorks Private Limited, a provider of publishing and technical services for publishers in the USA, the UK and Europe.
First Carlyle Ventures III, an investment fund advised by The Carlyle Group, has invested $32.8 million to acquire a 54.85% stake in Newgen.
Carlyle acquired the stake held by Franklin Templeton Private Equity Strategy, Aureos South Asia Fund and ePlanet Capital in Newgen. Carlyle had earlier invested in Newgen in 2004 and exited its investment in 2011.
Prabhakar Ram, Founder & CEO of Newgen said, “We are extremely happy to partner with Carlyle again, which engaged in numerous value creation activities and acted as a catalyst in the growth of the company during its previous stint with Newgen.”
Newgen provides end to end publishing and technical services for books and journals – from content creation till marketing – such as content sourcing, content creation, project management, author liaison, development editing, copyediting, design, artwork and permissions, typesetting/composition, and distribution and discoverability solutions for content through their production centers in India, UK and US.
Since 2000, Carlyle had invested approximately $1.1 billion of equity in approximately 30 transactions in India as of September 30, 2014.

Control over Mumbai should lie with Maharashtra Govt: ShivSenaBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:01 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 4:06 pm
Cautioning Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis over his suggestion of a high-level committee for Mumbai’s development, the Shiv Sena today said the control over the city should lie with the state government.
“There is no doubt that Mumbai should develop, but we have to ensure that the remedy does not turn out to be more dangerous than the illness itself. The Shiv Sena believes that Mumbai will not be separated from Maharashtra and the control of the city will only lie with the state government,” the Shiv Sena, which recently joined the BJP-led state government, said in an editorial in its mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
“If the PM only gives special attention to Mumbai, he will be accused of favouritism. Opposition parties will get the ammunition to fire salvo at the government saying that big industrialists are close to the BJP, hence the PM is giving special attention to the city,” it said.
The Sena said other cities of the state, like Mumbai, should also be made into world class cities and the focus should not be on Mumbai alone.
“Nagpur is the second capital of Maharashtra. The Vidarbha region is in dire need of development and industrial growth. Even cities in the Marathwada region can be developed into world class cities. All this will contribute to the development of the state,” the editorial said.
While addressing a high-level meeting of chief ministers recently convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to provide a substitute for the planning commission, Fadnavis had suggested to the Centre that a high-level committee headed by Modi be set up for the development of the city.
“Mumbai is the commercial capital of India, unless Mumbai is developed, there is no scope for the development of the country. For Mumbai’s development, there is an urgent need of effective coordination between state and central agencies. Under such circumstances, it will be appropriate to set up a Mumbai development committee headed by the PM,” Fadnavis had said.

Chevrolet offers year-end discounts across range ofcarsBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:00 pm
With the end of the year comes heavy discounts from automobile manufacturers. General Motors, identified more popularly for its subsidiary brand Chevrolet in India, has announced its year end discounts across almost the whole range of cars it sells in the country.
Rajesh Singh, Vice President, Sales, Marketing & Service, General Motors India said, “It is our endeavor to offer customers complete value for their purchase and hence we have announced delightful offers for customers who choose to own a Chevrolet this December.”
The benefits range from Rs. 55,000 to Rs. 85,000 on different Chevrolet cars, except the Captiva SUV. These benefits include discounts in cash, exchange bonuses, discounts for corporates and loyalty bonuses for returning customers. Chevrolet is offering benefits of up to Rs. 68,000 on the Spark hatchback, Rs. 85,500 on the Beat hatchback, Rs. 55,000 on the Sail sedan as well as the Sail hatchback, Rs. 60,000 on the Cruze sedan and Rs. 55,000 on Tavera MPV.
The figures mentioned above are the maximum discounts which can be availed on the respective vehicles, actual discounts offered may differ. The benefits can be availed throughout December 2014.

Fall in polymer prices to enhance margins: Time TechnoplastAll the overseas ventures are doing extremely well except the one in China.
Anil Jain
MD
Time Technoplast
Anil Jain, Managing Director of  Time Technoplast in an interview to CNBC-TV18 spoke about impact of falling crude prices and the business outlook going forward.
According to him the fall in crude prices led to decline in polymer prices by 8-11 percent in the last four weeks. Polymer prices are expected to go down further because of low demand in China and Europe going forward too to around 15%, he added.
This would result in expansion of EBITDA margins by about 1 percent for the company, said Jain.
Commenting on the overseas ventures, he said the company has already invested around Rs 600 crore in those businesses and is looking for further expansion. All the overseas ventures are doing extremely well except the one in China, he added.
As of now, the overseas ventures contribute 30% of their turnover, said Jain.
TIme Technoplast is a leading manufacturer of polymer products with operations in Bahrain, Belgium, China, Egypt, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Poland, Romania, Singapore, Sharjah, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam and India.
For the entire interview watch video
Time Techno stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  10:38 hrs Time Technoplast was quoting at Rs 52.20, down Rs 0.55, or 1.04 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 58.25 and the 52-week low was Rs 33.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 3.90 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 13.38. The latest book value of the company is Rs 36.60 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.43.
RELATED NEWS

ASIS Logistics: Outcome of board meetingDec 09, 2014, 04.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ASIS Logistics: Outcome of board meeting
Asis Logistics has informed regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on December 09, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ASIS Logistics: Outcome of board meeting
Asis Logistics has informed regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on December 09, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Asis Logistics Ltd has informed BSE regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on December 09, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Vora Constructions: Outcome of board meetingDec 09, 2014, 04.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Vora Constructions: Outcome of board meeting
Vora Constructions has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 08, 2014, has discussed the following matters alongwith the general business matters: 1. To discontinue the activities relating to NBFC business from December 31, 2014 other than as permitted under Companies Act, 2013.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Vora Constructions: Outcome of board meeting
Vora Constructions has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 08, 2014, has discussed the following matters alongwith the general business matters: 1. To discontinue the activities relating to NBFC business from December 31, 2014 other than as permitted under Companies Act, 2013.
Post your opinion here
 
Vora Constructions Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 08, 2014, has discussed the following matters alongwith the general business matters:1. To discontinue the activities relating to NBFC business from December 31, 2014 other than as permitted under Companies Act, 2013.2. To take steps to surrender the NBFC Registration.3. To take up business of works contract, constructions & development of commercial and residential properties as per the Main Objects of the Company.4. To raise further funds for the above activities through issue of 60 Lacs Equity Shares / Optionally Convertible Warrants on Preferential basis as per SEBI Regulations to Promoter Group, Strategic Investors & Other Prospective Investors as the Board may deem fit in order to meet its long term working capital requirement & general business purpose.5. To increase the authorized capital of the Company from 2.25 Crores to 8 Crores.6. The matter for appointment of Chief Financial Officer was considered & after confirming the availability of suitable appointee, appointment will be made.7. The matter for appointment of Company Secretary was considered & after confirming the availability of suitable appointee, appointment will be made.8. To issue notice for the above agenda with respect to Extra Ordinary General Meeting, Postal Ballot / e-Voting compliance as deemed fit for the obtaining the consent of Shareholders for Preferential Issue of Shares / Warrants.Source : BSE

Short Larsen Toubro  says Amit HarchekarLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Short Larsen & Toubro, says Amit Harchekar
Amit Harchekar – Chief Technical Strategist at APLUS Analytics recommends shorting Larsen & Toubro with a target of Rs 1490.
Post your opinion here
01:30 pm
Amit Harchekar – Chief Technical Strategist at APLUS Analytics told CNBC-TV18, " Larsen & Toubro  (L&T) has been going through a phase of underperformance. In last two trading sessions L&T has accumulated short positions of close to 8 lakh shares of open interest and that has happened with an average price of somewhere around Rs 1,630-1,640. So, we are expecting the stock to slide from these levels."
"The major support zone for L&T is placed in the zone of Rs 1,475-1,480 because that also turns out to be the pivot point on the long-term charts and we are expecting that level to get re-tested. So, we are recommending a short on L&T at these levels with a stoploss of Rs 1,640 and we are expecting a target of around Rs 1,490 in the coming days," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Railways earnings go up despite decline in passenger bookingsHi Guest
Railways earnings go up despite decline in passenger bookings
The total earnings from passengers during April–November 2014 were Rs 28,510.24 crore (Rs 285.1 billion) as against Rs 24,523.71 crore (Rs 245.23 billion) during the same period last year. Despite a decline in the number of passenger bookings, Railways has earned Rs 1,00,622 crore (Rs 1,006.22 billion) during April-November 2014 as compared to Rs 89,341.26 crore (Rs 893.41 billion) during the same period last year, registering an increase of 12.63 per cent. Passenger bookings have come ...

Sensex hits 1-month closing low; metals  power dragHi Guest
Sensex hits 1-month closing low; metals, power drag
Sensex plunges 322.39 points to over 1-month closing low of 27,797.01; Nifty tumbles 97.55 points to 8,340.70. Benchmark indices extended losses for the third straight session, amid a sell-off in Chinese shares, with capital goods and metal shares leading the decline. Negative sentiments due to a rise in current account deficit and losses in oil shares on slump in global crude prices to a five-year low also weighed on the indices. A sharp rise in gold imports and a fall in export growth pushed ...

No cause for concern about current account deficit: JaitleyHi Guest
No cause for concern about current account deficit: Jaitley
India's CAD narrowed down from 4.7 per cent in 2012-13 to 1.7 per cent in 2013-14 due to a lower trade deficit as a result of modest recovery in exports and a sharp fall in imports, particularly gold imports. Despite an increase in the current account deficit in the second quarter of the current fiscal, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday said there is no cause for concern as forex reserves are comfortable. "In the first six months, the CAD is moderately under control," Jaitley said in ...

Camphor & Allied Products: Change in company secretary cum compliance officerDec 09, 2014, 04.20 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Camphor & Allied Products: Change in company secretary cum compliance officer
Camphor & Allied Products has informed that Ms. Nirmala Agarwal has resigned from the Company as from the post of Company Secretary (CS) cum Compliance Officer of the Company w.e.f. December 01, 2014 due to better opportunity and Ms. Sweta Pandey has been appointed as new Company Secretary cum Compliance Officer of the Company w.e.f. Dec 01, 2014.

Secure Earth Technologies: Outcome of board meetingDec 09, 2014, 04.20 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Secure Earth Technologies: Outcome of board meeting
Secure Earth Technologies has informed that at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on December 08, 2014, Mr. I Raghunath has been formally appointed Chief Financial Officer and Compliance Officer of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Secure Earth Technologies: Outcome of board meeting
Secure Earth Technologies has informed that at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on December 08, 2014, Mr. I Raghunath has been formally appointed Chief Financial Officer and Compliance Officer of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Secure Earth Technologies Ltd has informed BSE that at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on December 08, 2014, Mr. I Raghunath has been formally appointed Chief Financial Officer and Compliance Officer of the Company.Source : BSE

Banning Uber not a solution  says Transport Minister Nitin GadkariBanning Uber not a solution, says Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 02:45 PM IST
Union Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari today disagreed with the decision to ban Uber cab services in Delhi in the wake of the alleged rape of a 27-year -old woman in a taxi plying under it, saying such a move could not be a solution.
"New developments are taking place in transport systems through electronics. Banning the railways for train accidents, buses for bus accidents and taxis is not correct," Gadkari said outside Parliament House here.
The minister's statement came a day after Delhi government banned all operations by private cab service Uber with immediate effect and blacklisted it from providing any transport service in the national capital following the alleged rape committed by a driver registered with it.
Asked specifically about Delhi government's move, the Union minister said that state governments have the right to take a decision in such matters.
"It is up to the state government to decide because the subject is in Concurrent List. State governments have equal right to take a decision about it," he said.
Saying that new systems with modern concepts must be encouraged Gadkari, however, noted that lacunae in such systems should be plugged.
Citing data that 30% of driving licences in the country were bogus, the minister said that a new system would be put in place to replace the Motor Vehicles Act.
"As per a report, 30% of the driving licences in the country are bogus... We are going to change the 1988 Motor Vehicles Act by which we will have a centre comprising all records of drivers. That would help solve the problem of accessing the accident and criminal records of drivers," he said.

Reliance among Barclays top 133 stock picks for 2015New Delhi, December 8, 2014
Updated: December 8, 2014 17:18 IST
Reliance among Barclays’ top 133 stock picks for 2015
PTI
Reliance Industries, TCS and Bharti Airtel are among the six Indian firms that figure in Barclays’ top 133 stock picks from across the world for 2015.
Other Indian firms in the list include HDFC Bank, homegrown pharma major Lupin and Voltas.
In its report ‘Global Top Picks’, Barclays expects the current bull market in global equities to continue, generating a total return of 9 per cent in 2015.
RIL was the only stock pick in energy segment in Asia, while Bharti and Lupin were the only ones in telecommunication and healthcare segments.
HDFC Bank shared space with China Cinda Asset Management Co, China Life and China Resources while TCS had Lenovo, LG, Media Tek and Largan Precision for company under technology head.
Barclays’ global picks included 54 US stocks, 40 from Europe and Middle East, 23 from Asia (excluding Japan) and 16 from Japan.
Predicting nearly doubling of earnings per share (EPS) and return on capital employed (ROCE) for RIL by 2021, it said the catalysts for growth should fall into place in the next 6 to 12 months as the company completes its USD 16 billion refining and petrochemical projects and launches its USD 12 billion telecom project.
“A rebound in domestic (oil and gas) exploration and production (E&P) may help too should the government reassess its gas price decision,” it said, adding, “The macro environment appears supportive as well with downstream margins rising despite lower oil prices.”
It expects RIL to launch its telecom venture by early 2015, the first module of its pet-coke gasification project (one of its two key downstream projects) in September 2015 and the new refinery off-gas based olefin cracker by March 2016.
On HDFC Bank, Barclays said the bank “remains well positioned to benefit from a macro recovery owing to its strong deposit franchise, clean balance sheet and increased investment spending.”
Retail growth has been broad-based across key segments (personal loans, credit cards), and about 80 per cent of its fees are retail-related (which is best-in-class), it said, adding that HDFC Bank had little exposure to project finance, an area of system-wide stress.
On Tata Consultancy Services, Barclays said the company is likely to outpace industry growth led by strength in large deal wins and continued efforts in account mining.
While TCS is well positioned to benefit from high-growth Infrastructure Management Services (IMS) and Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) space, the company management is also focusing on increasing presence in digital technologies — a key emerging area in the IT services space, it said.
Bharti Airtel, it said, is likely to be the biggest beneficiary of constructive, competitive and regulatory dynamics in the Indian telecom sector.
Barclays expects Lupin to deliver among highest revenue and earnings compounded annual growth rates and consolidate its position as one of the top generics firms in the US.
It expects a cyclical rebound in earnings for Voltas from recovery in project segment margins as low-margin orders are completed and high-margin orders commence apart from continued strength in the cooling product business aided by market share gains.
“At the start of 2014, investors were concerned about how risk assets would adjust to less accommodative central bank policies across the world, and Fed policy withdrawal in particular. Defying expectations, asset prices moved in opposite direction to the consensus view: fixed income rallied and US equities outperformed,” Barclays said in the report.
Weak growth outside the US, low oil prices and deflationary pressures should allow for easy monetary policy to continue in Europe and Japan, it added.

Plastics processing ind to reach Rs 1.37 lakh cr by FY18Dec 08, 2014, 07.15 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Plastics processing ind to reach Rs 1.37 lakh cr by FY18
The increased growth in end use industries, higher penetration of plastics in various existing applications and ever growing range of new applications could further propel the growth of plastics in India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Plastics processing ind to reach Rs 1.37 lakh cr by FY18
The increased growth in end use industries, higher penetration of plastics in various existing applications and ever growing range of new applications could further propel the growth of plastics in India.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian plastics processing industry is expected to grow by more than 50 percent to reach Rs 1,37,000 crore by 2017-18 on account of higher penetration of plastics in various sectors, says a paper.
At the end of 2013-14, plastics processing industry was around Rs 90,000 crore in size, according to the paper released today by Minister of State for Chemicals and Fertilizers Hansraj Gangaram Ahir.
"There is need to give more focus on research and development activities in the plastics processing industry at the same time keeping in mind the efficient plastic waste management," Ahir said.
He was speaking at the National conference of Plastics Processing Industry, organised by industry body Ficci in association with Organisation of Plastics Processors of India.
The minister released a knowledge and strategy paper on Indian Plastic Processing Industry prepared by Ficci and Tata Strategic Management Group.
"...in value terms, it (plastic processing industry) has grown from Rs 35,000 crore in FY 2005 to Rs 90,000 crore in FY 2014 and is expected to reach Rs 1,37,000 crore by FY 2018," the paper added.
The increased growth in end use industries, higher penetration of plastics in various existing applications and ever growing range of new applications could further propel the growth of plastics in India.
Chemicals Secretary Surjit Chaudhary emphasised on the need for waste management and ensuring sustainable growth of the plastics industry through the use of technologies.
RELATED NEWS

Singapore  AP partner for capital city master planSingapore, AP partner for capital city master plan
V. Rishi Kumar
S Iswaran (left), Second Minister for Home Affairs and Second Minister for Trade and Industry, Singapore, with Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu in a meeting at the Secretariat in Hyderabad on Monday PV SIVAKUMAR
Chandrababu keen to develop capital city that is environmentally sustainable
Hyderabad, Dec 8:  
Singapore and Andhra Pradesh governments on Monday signed a memorandum of understanding wherein the former would develop a master plan for the new capital city to come up in Guntur-Vijayawada region.
After the memorandum was inked here at the State Secretariat, AP Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu and S Iswaran, Minister in the Singapore PM’s Office and Minister for Home affairs, Trade and Industry, Singapore government, said both the governments were committed to the development of the capital region and the master plan is likely to be ready within six months.
Environmentally stable
Naidu said he was keen to develop a capital city which would be better than the best city anywhere in the world. “Our idea is to develop a capital which is environmentally sustainable. The experience and expertise of Singapore will be helpful for Andhra Pradesh,” he said.
Iswaran said, “India and Singapore have strong bilateral ties at leadership and government level, and this is expected to get better as we engage in more areas – both business to business and people to people ties.”
Smart cities
Mentioning about Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s vision to develop smart cities, he said that Singapore is keen to share its expertise and learning in building smart cities in China, Vietnam and other places. And this is one opportunity to develop a smart city, he said.
The master plan covering urban planning, land use and infrastructure, to be ready by June 2015, is aimed at charting out a broader design of the new city infrastructure factoring local requirements. “We simply cannot slap a Singapore model on AP. We need to develop something that is suitable here,” he said.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Cupid breaks up with online datingCupid falls out of love with online dating websites
Kate Burgess
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2b3adcc-7ee3-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Greek PM calls snap presidential electionGreek premier calls snap presidential election
Peter Spiegel in Brussels and Kerin Hope in Athens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/747cdf0c-7f09-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India may at worst correct 5-10%  PSU banks good: Geosphere08:00 am
Macro headwinds globally could cause volatility in equity markets, feels Arvind Sanger of Geosphere Capital. In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, he says India was still the brightest spot globally among equity markets. He does not expect the Indian market correcting more than 5-10 percent at worst.
He sees the slowdown in China continuing and Europe, Japan being under pressure in 2015.
Sanger is bullish on PSU banks selectively even though sentiment for this space is negative right now. He sees some more weakness as PSU banks dilute equity to raise capital, but feels that would be a good opportunity to start accumulating them. He feels PSU banks will do well as interest rates keep falling.
Below is the transcript of Arvind Sanger's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: It's been slightly tricky time for global markets. For the last couple of days market has been under pressure and now there is fear that this economic slowdown that we are seeing across the globe could have a snowball effect into market like India into the equity market. What is your prognosis for 2015?
A: There are going to be some scares and hiccups along the way but my prognosis for 2015 is that Europe and Japan look like they will remain challenged. China has seen a massive rally in the equity markets but the economic fundamentals to us look as challenged as before, commodities like iron ore certainly do not give us any comfort that China is about to come out of its significant slowdown so it is going to continue to remain slow. So I think growth is going to be scarce and India certainly remains along with the US amongst the developed markets, India remains amongst the emerging markets one of the brightest spot. So we are still looking for more of the same but I think the volatility that could be cause by US data getting better and Fed moving towards raising rates would be one risk factor to keep an eye on in 2015 and second, what does European Central Bank (ECB) do; its been talking and threatening to do quantitative easing (QE) for a while and if its actually able to deliver that that will be good for markets. If ECB not able to deliver then that could be negative for markets. So there are couple of macro headwinds that could cause some volatility in markets.
Latha: What is the current downturn telling you? Is this correction in the US market and for that matter global equity markets just a minor correction, just that a correction or could this get a bit nasty as more and more commodity exporters report deeply or much slower growth than people budgeted for?
A: The US market barely had a correction. I am not even sure whether it is qualified as a correction or rather moderate kind of profit taking on little bit. Therefore, same thing with India; its very mild. Europe has had a bit of a rebounce so I am not sure that we have had anything massive happen yet but there is some risk that you had great run, there could be some profit taking in markets like US or in India going into year end, so there is some moderate risk but I would say that at this point we had a very good year in the US, we had a very good year in India but the commodity exporting countries what you alluded to there is major risks out there. Russia had a currency that has almost collapsed and you had significant downside in the market. I think the economic outlook for countries like Russia look quite cloudy for next year; countries like Venezuela are probably going to go bankrupt at some point in the next six or nine months. Therefore, global divergences and volatility and political turmoil in 2015 in some countries is on the cards and frankly for commodity importers like India, right now it is a great time.
Our central case is oil is going to recover somewhat but I do not think it is going to go back to USD 90 or USD 100 per bbl barring any major political upheaval in any of the commodity producing nations.
Latha: What about the India-China relative comparison. Over the past month Chinese markets have outperformed so much, its 25 percent increase in equity indices in shanghai. Year to date India was by far the best market but after the last month performance China looks like year to date is nose ahead. Even if you are not buying the argument do you think some funds destined for India is getting attracted away into China?
A: It is interesting to see the Chinese Asia market which is the Chinese companies in Hong Kong has had a very moderate move. It’s the Chinese Asia market which foreigners have access to but that seems to be driven much more by global optimism has had a much bigger move even looking at today’s action the Chinese A-share market is up 50 bps, the Chinese H-share is down 1.5 percent. I am not sure global investors largely play in Hong Kong in the H-share market and I am not sure global investors are quite enthused about a massive change in the Chinese outlook.
Yes, China has had a good move and sure some investors are attracted by that but people are playing it more as a trading punt than any structural change in the outlook whereas India is attracting global investors, having more structural underpinnings and the government is going to continue to deliver on what it promised. You were talking earlier about the insurance bill – that’s a minor but necessary positive but other things that the government can and will and should continue to deliver on and the economic fundamentals which have been not yet fully there, those continue to happen and if that structural story and the cyclical recovery unfolds in India then I do not think there is any comparison between India and China.   

Mkt looks well supported for 3-5 yrs; overweight on banks: Axis Cap08:00 am
Lack of supply pressures have kept stocks at elevated levels, says Nilesh Shah, MD and CEO, Axis Capital . He expects divestment to help investors create new positions and feels short-term corrections are healthy for Indian market in “the long-term”.
Shah, who prefers equities against the fixed income asset class, feels gilt funds are unlikely to outperform equity markets. He expects banking and financial sectors to grow at a faster rate and recommends staying overweight on the sector.
Shah expects earnings growth to pick up in the next 2 years and sees strong demand in Indian markets from international and local investors.
“The market looks to be well supported for next the 3-5 years… We are looking to adopt more bottom-up approach,” he said.
Below is the transcript of Nilesh Shah's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: There has been a bit of a correction in global markets. Indian markets seem to correct a little fiercely yesterday but today it seems to be unyielding. What is your sense, are we getting a connection at all over here or is that all, what we got yesterday?
A: I think a lot will depend upon how the supply emerges. Compared to the peak of the market, the supply pressure is very limited and we see the divestment now bringing the supply into the market, which will help market consolidate around current levels. So it is the lack of supply which has probably kept prices at an elevated level though fundamentally also it is getting supported.
Latha: What about the divestment itself? Do you think it will be swallowed well? Coal India  as well as ONGC  in particular?
A: Definitely divestment if conducted well has the ability to attract new set of investors. There are many investors today who want to build meaningful position in India but because the like of debt in the market in order to build a meaningful position in certain counters, they are unable to pick it up in the secondary market. Divestment provides that primary market supply for investors to build large positions and if divestment is conducted well in companies like ONGC and Coal India certainly it should be in a position to attract new investors to our market.
Latha: But traditionally does this phase a bunch of divestments coming and probably public sector undertaking (PSU) banks looking to raise some capital could all this keep the markets a little depressed at all?
A: It is a trade off between short-term versus long-term. If our companies, our entrepreneurs don’t get equity capital, the long-term growth will get impacted. We have been consistently saying that today India Inc is paying more in dividend and receiving less in new equity raise. That is how the growth will get impacted for lack of availability of equity capital. So if the supply weakens from the divestments, from the new entrepreneurs, from the IPOs then certainly availability of equity capital will ensure that the future growth can be sustained and markets will be cognisant of that fact while in the short-term it might give a correction, it will be definitely beneficial for the long-term.
Sonia: What should the asset allocation strategy be for 2015? Because of the fall that we are seeing in bond yields, do you think investment into long-term debt products at least in the first half of the year will yield better returns than investment in equities?
A: To a great extent, we have this golden period where you could have been long equity as well as long fixed income. Rarely equity and fixed income go hand in hand like this but now the 10-year yield has already moved by more than 100 bps over last one year and more than 50 bps in last three months. So my feeling is that if you are entering at this level in long dated gilt funds, certainly they will give positive returns but they are unlikely to outperform the equity market.
In the equity market if you take a longer-term horizon, certainly it has the ability to outperform fixed income. So while we are bullish fixed income as well as equity, we certainly believe that you should be more overweight equity especially in largecap stocks rather than fixed income.
Latha: Did you say how much of a fall in yields you are expecting over a 12 months period?
A: A lot of it has already been priced in. We have moved from above 9 percent to below 8 percent. That is a significant move without any change in the policy rates. If we see the shape of the yield curve, today 10-year yield is trading below one-year treasury bill, one-year T bill is trading below one month treasury bill and one month treasury bill is trading below the overnight money market rate. So certainly we have a very inverted yield curve which is kind of factoring in that going forward there will be cut in policy rates and there will be some positive impact of that into this negative market yields but when you have moved from above 9 to below 8 that does factor in lot of this movement.

Despite competition  India s voice-based BPO exports buck doomsday projectionsSpiceJet flight operations grounded as oil cos stops fuel supply
Stifling competition from the Philippines and Mexico notwithstanding, India’s voice-based call centres — the original flagbearer of India’s BPO boom in the mid-nineties — recorded a strong 11 per cent growth in export earnings at $7.4 billion last fiscal.
India’s voice-based BPO sector, which handle customer service and conduct telephonic sales for global clients and accounts for slightly over 40 per cent of the total export revenue of the country’s BPO industry, had recorded a 12 per cent growth in export earnings in 2012-13.
The double-digit growth in export revenues during the last couple of years by India’s voice-based BPO services — comprising around 400 voice-based BPO service providers who serve about 50 countries in more than 30 languages — comes at a time when the economies in the two key markets that it serves (the US and mainland Europe) is still coming out of the downturn.
It is also being seen as significant at a time when analysts had begun to write-off the Indian voice-based BPO services in the wake of the emergence of countries like Philippines, Mexico, South Africa, Costa Rica as alternate destinations in what is called the ‘Customer Interaction Services’ space.
Earlier this year, a ranking of the top 100 BPO destinations published by consultancy Tholons placed Manila as the second-most-important BPO destination globally after Bangalore, pushing Mumbai to third place. Seven Philippine cities made Tholons’ top 100 list, including two in the top 10, with Cebu ranked eighth.
While increasing competition did result in a decline in the export share of the voice-based BPO services marginally by 4 percentage points in the last two years, according to industry body National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM), India is still considered as the world’s most preferred destination for BPO operations and doomsday scenario projections for India’s voice-based BPO industry are gradually beginning to recede.
According to a NASSCOM representative, while the Philippines is emerging as a strong player in pure voice customer service, when it comes to incremental technology-enabled services for customer support and in areas such as technology support, India continues to have a formidable edge. Pure-play BPO firms such as Genpact, EXL and WNS are among those that have moved up from low-end voice jobs at call centres for services that involve higher grade of industry expertise — areas such as legal and healthcare services — and generate stronger profit margins in the back-office service business. The BPO market in the US is expected to grow at 4.3 per cent on a compounded annual growth rate basis, reaching $97.3 billion in 2017, according to research firm IDC.
India’s BPO industry employs over 10 lakh people and contributes to around 25 per cent of the total Information Technology/ Information Technology Enabled Services (IT/ITeS) exports revenue from the country.
TAGS: BPO Philippines
More from industry
Rupee down 34 paise against dollar in early trade Extending its losses for the third straight day, the rupee fell by 34 paise to trade at fresh 13-month...

Mkt will resume uptick  but fall 10-15% post Budget: CitrusLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mkt will resume uptick, but fall 10-15% post Budget: Citrus
If October-December quarter (Q3) results are better than the previous quarter, and if market sees a burst of liquidity, then it will find momentum to go bouncing till Budget, says Sanjay Sinha of Citrus Advisors. The mood will soon change as stocks will see serious corrections.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
With Sensex and Nifty continuing to limp, many onlookers are wondering if equity market is going through a correction. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Sanjay Sinha of Citrus Advisors said the market should have consolidated much earlier. In the absence of a trigger for the bond market, which hinges on a rate cut by Reserve Bank, the market will remain in consolidation phase till third quarter numbers start coming out, he said.
If October-December quarter (Q3) results are better than the previous quarter, and if market sees a burst of liquidity, then it will find momentum which will loftily go ahead till Budget. Real correction, of around 10-15 percent, will happen after Budget, Sinha suggested.
He said IT sector has been surprising market with strong set of numbers and performance despite headwinds. Hence, from valuations front, it will remain favourite among investors until new sectors show promise.
From a 6 months perspective, Sinha says oil and sector will see some pessimism as sharp fall in crude prices is bound to throw government’s calculations haywire. Beyond that, things should improve with the NDA government dismantling the APM.
Below is the transcript of Sanjay Sinha's interview with Anuj Singhal & Ekta Batra on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: It has been a strong run but we are getting some sense of consolidation, I won’t use the word correction yet because we have fallen about only 200 points from the top for the Nifty which is less than 2.5 percent right now. So, what is your sense, could this be the beginning of the first real correction that our markets see or would this be again a shallow consolidation and the markets would be back to all time highs in no time?
A: In my opinion the true test of the market would be when it faces the January quarter results. In my opinion the market would have corrected in the month of November itself after we had seen the state of results coming out in October which did not by and large meet the markets expectation.
This recalibration did not happen in the month of November because we saw the bond yields come down very sharply in that month and we saw the PSU banks rally exceedingly strong and that was the one which kept the market afloat. There were a few smatterings from some other sectors which also supported.
Now, the bond yields have come to level where they will be stable from some time before the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) announces the rate cut. So, in the absence of a trigger from the bond markets, the market doesn’t have much to look forward to. So, I feel that this long due profit taking or retracement of the market which would have happened in November is now happening in December.
However, in my opinion this may not last too long because there is still a ray of hope that the market has that maybe the January results will be better which if you ask my personal opinion the market may not actually be rewarded with very good results in the current quarter also, the results which will get announced in January. In which case, if we have a strong burst of liquidity and if we have a rally which picks up speed towards the end of the calendar year which normally happens towards the end of  the quarter, end of the calendar year the markets do tend to pick up a little bit.
So, this momentum may carry the market up to the Budget and the real correction, when I say correction I mean about 10-15 percent correction of the market may actually happen post Budget.
Ekta: What would your sense be on the entire IT space now?
A: We have fair amount of headwinds as far as the corporate performances are concerned. In that background by and large the IT sector has been either living up to the expectation and in a few cases also surprising the market by strong numbers.
So, in the absence of any other positive triggers from the valuation front or the performances front, IT might still continue to be the favourite of the market for the next two-three quarters till the time that the rest of the sectors begin to pickup speed in terms of corporate performance and then money then gets reallocated to the other sectors.
So, for the next 9-12 months it would be one of the sectors which would continue to be favourite.
Anuj: What is the call on oil stocks now because the PSU ones in particular because you have seen Brent prices now fall to USD 65 what would it do to the arithmetic and how would it impact stocks like Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) , BPCL ? Would you still be buyers of these stocks?
A: If you look at the near term horizon and I would say near term horizon would be three to six months horizon, one may possible see certain amount of sideways or downward movement in these stocks. However, beyond that there is room for optimism there. Why I say that there is some pessimism in the short-term is – the fiscal mathematics of the government is going to go haywire in the current calendar year with the crude prices dropping.
We may be rejoicing that, as an importing country we stand to benefit but it causes a fair amount of damage to the tax collections of the government also. So, in a year in which we have already touched 90 percent of the fiscal deficit number the government may not relax its strong hold on the subsidy burden which directly it may do so by stripping off the profits of the oil companies or indirectly by raising the excise duty as they have done last week.
So, in this background I would not be very optimistic on the outlook of the oil and gas companies in the near-term. However, beyond that with the underlying policy approach of the NDA to be dismantling the administered pricing mechanism so on and so forth, things should begin to improve.
If you look at these companies on their valuation front, just don’t look at them in terms of their profit numbers even in terms of their book values and their dividend yields; they are fairly attractive otherwise also. So, once we have this uncertainty about the government greed to take away the gains from the oil PSUs things would be much better. That is why I said beyond six months it was much better.
RELATED NEWS

Delhi to ban all internet taxi firms after Uber rape claimSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
Delhi has decided to ban all unregistered internet taxi firms after a female passenger reported she was raped by a driver contracted to US online cab company Uber, a government official said on Tuesday.
The case has caused uproar in India after it emerged that the suspect had previously been charged for rape but had obtained a character reference signed by a police officer that appeared to have been forged.
It has also revealed a total failure to regulate the booming market for online taxi services in India. The Delhi transport department has been slow to respond and, according to reports, sent its order banning Uber by fax.
In its ruling, published in a national newspaper, the department stated that only six registered radio taxi companies would now be allowed to operate in New Delhi.
“We have banned Uber. Another public notice will be issued tomorrow for banning all non-registered cab service providers. It’s almost done,” said Kuldeep Singh Gangar, spokesman of the Delhi transport department.
Uber was blacklisted in New Delhi on Monday after police said it had failed to run background checks on the driver, who was arrested three years ago in a similar case but later acquitted.
The arrested driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, appeared in court on Monday and was remanded in custody for three days. Yadav had obtained a reference from the Delhi Police, but police spokesman Rajan Bhagat told Reuters the certificate “seems to be fake.”
The fast-growing ride-hailing service Uber was valued at $40 billion last week after its latest funding round ahead of an expected initial public offering. In India, the company operates in 11 cities.
Read: Uber’s official statement
India’s central bank had earlier rapped Uber for violating the country’s credit card payment system by using a so-called one-step authorisation process while the regulator requires a two-step procedure. Uber later complied, calling the requirement “unnecessary and burdensome”.
The U.S. company has also been dogged by controversy surrounding its aggressive approach to local governments and traditional taxi services.
On Monday, the U.S. West Coast city of Portland sued Uber to bar it from operating in the city. The company started operating in Portland on Friday without consent from authorities or any agreement over how it would be regulated.
India’s Home Minister Rajnath Singh may issue a statement to parliament calling on India’s federal states and union territories to ban Uber, the Indian Express newspaper reported.
UBER STILL ON
A representative for Uber said the company had not been officially notified of any ban in New Delhi and would issue a statement later on Tuesday. It was still possible to hail an Uber taxi in Delhi using the company’s smartphone application.
Uber taxi driver Satish Kumar, who has been associated with the company for 11 months, told Reuters he works for another travel company that is enrolled with Uber. He was unaware of the ban.
“We will only consider a ban once our app stops working,” said Kumar, whose company pays 20 percent of the fare to Uber.
“If it is banned, we will suffer losses. It is up to the authorities to do the checks. Why blame the company and make others suffer?” he asked.
Before joining Uber, Kumar said he was trained for two days on basic etiquette and using the mobile app. He only submitted a copy of his driving licence and identity card to the company. He was not interviewed.
Uber taxis were also violating norms by plying within the city despite having an all-India tourist permit that mandates only inter-state travel, a government official said.
“They have not made any efforts to get themselves registered. They have just tried to use the loopholes in the system to run a service and gain commercially,” said a Delhi transport department official on condition of anonymity.
The state department had also received several complaints from other operators about how unregistered providers like Uber were violating norms and hurting their profits.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

Jaguar launches XF diesel executive edition in IndiaJaguar XF diesel executive edition launched at Rs 45.12 lakh
IANS     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 00:00 IST
Tata-owned car manufacturer Jaguar on Monday launched new edition of Jaguar XF priced at Rs.45.12 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).
"We are excited to introduce Jaguar XF 2.2L diesel executive edition, at an attractive price point," said Rohit Suri, vice president, Jaguar Land Rover India.
"It will enable us to access a wider audience which consists of discerning and premium Indian customers who have always loved the brand, aspired to own this sedan and be seen in it."
According to the company, the new sports car called the executive edition of Jaguar XF is powered by a 2.2-litre diesel engine with a power output of 140 kW at the rate of 3,500 rpm.
The engine is mated to an eight-speed automatic transmission and navigation system.
Currently, Jaguar Land Rover has a network of 21 dealership outlets across 19 cities in India.

http://usat.ly/12ibjbVFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Quirky gadget gifts for the techie who has everything
Don't give the gift of predictability. Instead, surprise your loved ones with some tech toys they weren't expecting. This year, consider a handful of quirky gadgets for that hard-to-buy-for person on your gift
Post to Facebook
Quirky gadget gifts for the techie who has everything Don't give the gift of predictability. Instead, surprise your loved ones with some tech toys they weren't expecting. This year, consider a handful of quirky gadgets for that hard-to-buy-for person on your gift Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1CUJs2f
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Quirky gadget gifts for the techie who has everything
Marc Saltzman, Special for USA TODAY 7:02 a.m. EST December 7, 2014
Cup of Mojo ($29.99) is a wireless speaker that looks like a small coffee mug.
(Photo: ThinkGeek)
2969 CONNECT 170 TWEET 33 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Don't give the gift of predictability.
Instead, surprise your loved ones with some tech toys they weren't expecting. This year, consider a handful of quirky gadgets for that hard-to-buy-for person on your gift list.
A half-dozen suggestions:
• Hot tracks
Your guests will do a double-take when they see ThinkGeek's Cup of Mojo ($29.99), a wireless speaker that looks like a small coffee mug. Simply pair your favorite Bluetooth-enabled music device – such as a smartphone, tablet or laptop – and you'll hear your tunes streaming (not steaming!) out of the top. Available in four colors, this mug-shaped speaker has a handle (with integrated Carabiner clip) to carry it around, extra bass for a fuller sound and built-in rechargeable lithium-ion battery that lasts for up to 4 hours of play (microUSB charging cable included). But "listen up": While it looks like a mug, it's not microwavable or dishwasher-safe.
This Virtual Laser Keyboard (from $99.99) can splash a full-sized QWERTY keyboard onto a flat surface.
(Photo: CTX Technologies)
• Project yourself
Be honest: You love your smartphone or tablet, but long-form typing on these mobile devices isn't very comfortable. About the size of a pack of Tic Tacs, CTX Technologies' VK200 Virtual Laser Keyboard (from $99.99) can splash a full-sized – yet virtual – QWERTY keyboard onto a flat surface, such as a table at a coffee shop. When you type on it with your fingertips the words appear wirelessly on a nearby smartphone or tablet – and because it's Bluetooth, it works with any make or model. While you can disable the feature, this keychain fob emits a beep whenever you type to confirm the letter, number or symbol has been registered.
The Flower Power Wireless Plant Sensor ($59.95) is a smart gardening gadget.
(Photo: Parrot)
• Down to earth
Can Bluetooth help your green thumb? The Parrot Flower Power Wireless Plant Sensor ($59.95) is a smart gardening gadget capable of recommending which plants will thrive in specific locations by matching algorithms to a database of more than 6,000 plants and flowers. It can also diagnose ailing plants and help you identify unknown species growing in your garden or potted plants in your home. Simply plant the doohickey into the soil and let its four sensors do the work. Then look at the accompanying iOS or Android app for real-time info related to sunlight exposure, soil moisture, temperature, humidity and drainage.
A wireless meat thermometer and accompanying app can add precision to your barbecues.
(Photo: iGrill)
• Good app-etite
What to buy a meat lover on your gift list? A wireless meat thermometer and accompanying app, of course. With the aptly named iGrill mini ($39.95), stick the silver probe into your beef, poultry, pork or lamb, and the temperature of the meat is displayed on the unit's small screen – or better yet, on an iPhone, iPad or iPod touch or Android device, up to 150 feet away. Additional features include a timer and preset and custom temperature alarms, a smoker option, history graph, grilling recipes and the option to share your barbecuing skills on Facebook or Twitter.
The Philips Wake-Up Light.
(Photo: Philips)
• Rise and shine
Why wake up to that annoying alarm clock when you can start your day with soft, natural light? Simulating an increasingly bright sunrise, the Philips Wake-Up Light ($89.99) replaces that startling buzzer with an alternative to get you out of bed on the right foot. Your room gets brighter over a 30-minute period to nudge you out of sleep, complimented by singing birds or other natural sounds that increases in volume, as well. The unique-looking Philips Wake-Up Light can also be used as bedside lamp for reading.
The Mimo Baby ($199.99 for Starter Kit) is a small onesie with a turtle-shaped sensor that sends information to a parent's (or a babysitter's) phone or tablet.
(Photo: Mimo)
• Crib care
Unveiled a year ago at the 2014 Consumer Electronics Show, the Mimo Baby ($199.99 for Starter Kit) is a small onesie with a turtle-shaped sensor that sends information to a parent's (or babysitter's) phone or tablet: if the baby is asleep or awake, the position he or she is lying (on its back or tummy), how well it's breathing, body temperature, and more. A partnership between Intel and Edison, Mimo Baby was designed to give (neurotic?) parents some peace of mind while their little one is alone in their crib. Three machine-washable onesies are included in the Starter Kit.
Follow Marc on Twitter: @ marc_saltzman . E-mail him at techcomments@usatoday.com .
2969 CONNECT 170 TWEET 33 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CUJs2f

J&K polls: Invisible native Christians  least talked about and most neglectedD P Satish , IBNLive.com | Dec 09, 2014 at  03:28pm IST
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir's summer capital Srinagar has two churches - Holy Family Catholic Church on Maulana Azad road and the Protestant's All Saints Church near Sher-E-Kashmir cricket stadium. These churches look almost invisible most part of the year and come alive during the Christmas in December.
But, this time there is no Christmas party in both the churches as the devastating flood has caused a huge damage to them. The Catholic church has been closed for the repair. The Protestant church which was also under 10 feet deep water has been reopened recently. However, there is no sign of any celebration. Both of them wear a deserted look and want to be unnoticed.
The recent conversions of local Muslims to Christianity has led to tensions between the native Kashmiri Christians and the new age missionaries.
Kashmir valley has less than half a dozen old Churches. The most important and century old churches are Srinagar's Holy Family Catholic Church, All Saints Protestant Church, St. Joseph's Church in Baramulla and St. Mary's Church in Gulmarg.
According to unofficial records, the population of Jammu and Kashmir has 67 per cent Muslims, 29.6 per cent Hindus and 0.2 per cent Christians, but the Kashmir Valley region is 97 per cent Muslim. There are just 650 native Christians living in Kashmir valley. They are almost invisible and the least talked about community. They want to stay away from trouble and maintain a very low profile. They don't even want to talk to the media on condition of anonymity.
Such a small community of a few hundred people runs schools where many state leaders and other known personalities from the state have studied. Burn Hall School for the boys on Gupkar road was founded in 1943 and the Presentation Convent for girls on the banks of Jhelum River was founded in 1936. Both are Catholic run institutions and the most sought after educational institutions in Srinagar.
Kashmir's 'who is who' send their children to these schools. Even Chief Minister Omar Abdullah went to Burn Hall School.
But, the recent conversions of local Muslims to Christianity by the enthusiastic foreign funded evangelists has led to tensions between the native Kashmiri Christians and the new age missionaries. In a hushed voice, the native Christians complain that these evangelists are putting them at risk. A local Christian, who spoke to IBNLive over phone, confirmed that there are over 650 native Christians in Kashmir. But, he asked us not to bother them. They are the least talked about community in Kashmir, like an almost forgotten religion. He said, "We want to lead a very quiet life. Times are not good. We don't need any attention. New age missionaries are creating tension in Kashmir."
When IBNLive visited the Holy Family Catholic Church, then except a Nepalese caretaker, there was nobody. He told that the priest was away and the church had been closed after the flood destroyed its interiors. He refused to share the details of native Kashmiri Christians with the media. He even maintained that local Christians rarely visit the Church and most of the visitors are outsiders working or living in Kashmir.
In a hushed tone, he said that local Christians want to stay away from the limelight and requested the media not to bother them.
The same story was repeated at the Protestant run All Saints Church. A Nepalese woman caretaker said that she did not know anything about the local Kashmiri Christians and almost all visitors are outsiders.
Both the Christian run schools in Srinagar have a Christian faculty and almost all of them are outsiders. They also refused to share the details of local Christians. Keeping a very low profile is not an easy job for a liberal community like Christians. But, militancy has taught them some tough lessons in life. Unlike, two other religious minorities, Hindus and Sikhs, Christians don't want any attention.
They lead a very reclusive life and interact mostly among themselves. They want to be unnoticed when they venture out. The recent floods have also destroyed the century old Christian cemeteries in Srinagar.
Churches at Baramulla and Gulmarg
St. Mary Church at Gulmarg was built during the British rule.  The 110-year-old Church was given a new look in 2003 with a renovated façade and the first Christmas mass was held in 14 years. It was attended by the then chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir Mufti Mohammad Sayeed. This is a Catholic church located in the valley of shepherds in Gulmarg and known for its multi-coloured lightings.
After the rise of militancy, the church stopped functioning in 1989. However, Christian missionaries and institutions are still associated with the Church. It will be buried under snow for half of the year.
St. Joseph's Church at Baramulla is also a British era church. It also runs a full pledged hospital. Most of the local Muslims go to this hospital for treatment. When IBNLive visited this church, it was closed. The local church run hospital's staff maintained that there are no local Christians and all the people who come here for the Sunday Mass are outsiders.
A Sister who works there told IBNLive over phone that increasing missionary activities by the new age evangelists are causing a tension for the local Christians, who have nothing to do with it.
The church and hospital were attacked by Pakistani raiders in 1947 after Independence. Noted journalist and Editor, BBC World Service News at BBC News Andrew Whitehead's book 'A Mission in Kashmir' talks about it in detail.
Allegations of conversion and activities of evangelists
According to a local journalist, new age evangelists are secretly converting the local poor Muslims by baptizing them after offering money and jobs. He said, "These neo-converts don't admit in the public that they are Christians. They secretly follow Christianity at home. It is very difficult to estimate their exact numbers. We are aware of the fact that the local Kashmiri Christians have nothing to do with this."
Another Kashmiri Muslim dismisses the fear of local Christians that they won't come out fearing reprisals. He says that no Christian was ever attacked in Kashmir except only once. He said, "It is a part of the propaganda. They (referring to intelligence agencies) want to turn the Christian dominated Western countries against the Kashmir issue by creating fear psychosis among the local Christians."
"Christians are free to follow their religion and lead a good life like all others. If the Hindus and Sikhs can live openly, why can't the Christians do the same?" he says.
According to a report published in 'Christian Post' the Reverend Chander Mani Khanna, pastor of All Saints Church in Srinagar, was arrested on November 19, 2011 on charges of hurting religious sentiments of Muslims after several youths were allegedly baptized. He was released on bail on December 1, 2011. This incident led to a huge tension and even a fact finding commission was sent to Kashmir valley to ascertain the claims.
According to a report in 'The Sunday Express' journalist Tariq Mir writes that Kashmir is witnessing a discreet spurt in conversion - from Islam to Christianity. Christian groups are putting the number of neo-converts at over 10,000 and a Sunday Express investigation confirms that conversions have been taking place regularly across the Valley. At least a dozen Christian missions and churches based in the US, Germany, the Netherlands and Switzerland have sent evengelists to the valley and are pumping in money through intermediaries based in New Delhi.
In the valley where death and trauma are a way of life, the missionaries are getting immediate attention because they reach out to the poor, needy and those affected by violence. Also, they bring in a lot of money. Though conversions have not encountered any resistance from Muslim organisations, it has led to tensions between Kashmir's native Christians - a miniscule community of 650 - and the enthusiastic evangelists, he explains in his article.
He also claims that the native Christians are increasingly getting vocal against the outsiders. "This type of conversions isn't good for local Christians who had shared a cordial relationship with Muslims here for centuries. The conversions they are doing are Bibilically wrong. There are umpteen cases in which one person has been baptised thrice within a few months. These so-called evangelists have set up businesses in the garb of Church and social work," says Pastor Leslie Richards, a native protestant living in Braen, Srinagar. "The converts here do it for monetary reasons and the people who convert them too do it for the same reasons," he adds.
Missions based in US, Germany, Switzerland and some other European countries are active across the Kashmir valley. There are more than 200 missionaries from different branches of Christianity who are active in Kashmir. Most of these missionaries blame the Roman Catholic Church and the native Kashmiri Christians for running a negative campaign against the Christians who work among the poor.
According to some researchers of religion Jesus Christ died in Kashmir at the age of over 100 years. Some link him to tourist place Pahalgam in South Kashmir. Some argue that he was buried in Srinagar.
But, these theories have been dismissed by the Vatican and other Christian organizations as a mere imagination.
Election and Christians
According to Jagmohan Singh Raina, Chairman of All Parties Sikh Coordination Committee (APSCC) in Kashmir, native Christians are in touch with the Sikhs and the Hindu Pandits over getting minorities status for them in Kashmir. "There are a few hundred Christians. But, they prefer to stay away from publicity. Since their number is too small and the new evangelists are creating trouble for them, local Christians normally don't come out," he said.
Since their number is around just 650 and they are almost invisible, nobody is talking about the Christian voters in Kashmir. "No political party is interested in us. Nobody comes to us for votes. Nobody gives us any political posting. We don't exist for them. We are nobody's children," says a local Kashmiri Christian with a tinge of sadness.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Gold rebounds on seasonal demand  global cuesHi Guest
Gold rebounds on seasonal demand, global cues
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity traded higher by Rs 170 each to Rs 26,820 and Rs 26,620 per ten gram respectively. It had lost Rs 250 in the past three days. Snapping its three-day losing streak, gold prices on Tuesday rebounded by Rs 170 to Rs 26,820 per ten grams at the bullion market in the national capital on revival of buying by jewellers to meet ongoing wedding season demand amid a firm global trend. Silver also recovered by Rs 150 to Rs 36,800 per kg on increased offtake ...

Metals  capital goods drag Sensex by over 300 ptsMARKET UPDATE: Sensex ends below 28,000, Nifty falls over 97 pts on global sell-off
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 17:01 IST
Photo: Reuters
Markets on Tuesday plunged to over one-month lows with benchmark Sensex tumbling 322.39 points to end at 27,797.01 on losses in power, metal and capital goods shares amid a sell-off in China and other global markets.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty tanked 97.55 points to end below 8,400-mark at 8,340.70 as stocks fell for the third straight session.
Fall of global crude prices to five-year lows failed to lift the global sentiment as Chinese stocks dropped over 5 per cent on tighter lending norms and over 1 per cent drop in European indices, said traders.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensex remained in negative terrain for the major part of the session on sustained selling pressure.
It moved between 27,763.82 and 28,157.53 range, before ending with a sharp loss of 322.39 points, or 1.15 per cent, at 27,797.01. This is its weakest close since October 30.
In the previous two sessions, Sensex shed 443.42 points.
The overall market breadth was negative as about 900 stocks rose while over 2,000 scrips fell.
"Sell-offs seen in Asian markets impacted market sentiments for the day. Brent crude was seen dropping to its fresh 5-year lows, below $66 a barrel," said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Experts said data showing current account deficit widened to $10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, in July-September quarter of this fiscal, raised concerns at a time when markets are pricing are strong recovery of the country's economy.
Sesa Sterlite shares emerged the biggest loser among Sensex components by tumbling over 5 per cent. Shares of state-run ONGC plunged 4.29 per cent.
Other notable laggards include Tata Power, Bharti Airtel, NTPC, Tata Steel, Hindalco, BHEL, L&T, Tata Motors, Wipro, SBI, Cipla, Maruti Suzuki, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank.
Almost all the major Asian stock markets fell after Chinese market tumbled 5.43 per cent, the most since 2009.
Indices in Hong Kong and Japan were among the worst-hit.
Sectorally, BSE Power index suffered the most by losing 2.75 per cent, followed by Metal index (2.71 per cent), Capital Goods (2.29 per cent) and Consumer Durables (2.11 per cent) among others. Selling activity in small and midcap also gathered momentum with BSE Smallcap falling 1.59 per cent and Midcap index down 1.57 per cent.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 4,984.60 crore on Monday.

Password  SMS stealing virus hits Android ph...Password, SMS stealing virus hits Android phones
By PTI | 9 Dec, 2014, 03.30PM IST
The CERT-In said the malware is created by modifying the legitimate application and then re-distributing via marketplace or other separate channels.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Cyber security sleuths have alerted Android-based smart phone users against an infectious Trojan virus which steals vital information from the personal device and can even illegally send SMSes to those on the mobile contact list.
The deadly virus has been identified as 'AndroidSmssend' and it can acquire as many as four aliases to hoodwink the user and perpetrate its destructive activities on a personal Android enabled phone.
"Android/SmsSend is a premium service abuser family malware that arrives bundled with legitimate Android applications and infects Android based smart phones.
"Once infected, it sends text messages (typically with a link to itself or a different threat) to a specific number, typically to numbers on the contact list and is also capable to send SMS to premium rate numbers," the Computer Emergency Response Team of India (CERT-In) said in its latest advisory to Android phone users in the country.
The CERT-In is the nodal agency to combat hacking, phishing and to fortify security-related defences of the Indian Internet domain.
It said that after a typical successful infection of the virus, basic information about the smart phone like IMEI number, device id, device type among others are compromised and it can even install spyware on the targeted device.
The virus is so notorious, the agency said, that it "steals contacts and pictures, tracks the location, steals passwords, illegally accesses text messages, crashes a complete system, steals personal banking information when logged in, installs other sort of spyware and disables firewall and anti-virus program to defend itself."
The CERT-In said the malware is created by modifying the legitimate application and then re-distributing via marketplace or other separate channels.
The agency has suggested some counter-measures in this regard.
"Do not download and install applications from untrusted sources, install applications downloaded from reputed application market only, run a full system scan on device with mobile security solution or mobile anti-virus solution, check for the permissions required by an application before installing, exercise caution while visiting trusted/untrusted sites for clicking links, install Android updates and patches and use device encryption or encrypting external SD card feature available with most of the android OS (operating system)," it said.
Also, avoid using unsecured, unknown Wi-Fi networks and make a practice of taking regular backup of the Android device, the advisory said.

Satyarthi  Malala to be receive Nobel awards on WednesdaySatyarthi, Malala to receive Nobel awards on Wednesday
PTI
Tweet
File photo of Noble Laureate Kailash Satyarthi at his Bachpan Bachao Andolan office in New Delhi. Satyarthi shares this year's Nobel Peace Prize with Malala Yousafzai, who was shot in the head by the Taliban in 2012 for advocating girls' right to education.
Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai on arrival in Oslo on Monday. Yousafzai will receive the Nobel Peace Prize at an award ceremony on Wednesday. Yousafzai, who was shot in the head by the Taliban in 2012 for advocating girls' right to education, has won the prize along with Indian campaigner against child trafficking and labour, Kailash Satyarthi. - Reuters
Stockholm, Dec 9:  
Child rights activists India’s Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistan’s Malala Yousafzai, along with 11 others will receive this year’s Nobel Prizes tomorrow.
The Nobel Laureates take centrestage in Sweden’s capital Stockholm and Norwegian Oslo, where they will receive the Nobel medals, Nobel diplomas and documents confirming the Nobel Prize amount.
Satyarthi, 60, and Yousafzai, 17, will share the $1.1-million Peace Prize at Oslo, while all the other awards will be presented here.
“I want to dedicate this award to the children of India. This award is for them. It is also for the people of India,” an elated Satyarthi told PTI.
He hailed the judiciary for taking up the child rights issue on fast track basis.
The Supreme Court of India recently set up a special ’Social Justice Bench’ to exclusively hear cases concerning social issues, particularly those related to women, children and the underprivileged.
Satyarthi was also optimistic that the Government would do more to protect the rights of children.
“We need more and more MPs to raise this issue in Parliament and laws to abolish child labour in India. I hope the Government will do something pro-active in this regard. Also society should work towards creating a culture of child rights,” he said.
Satyarthi, along with his wife Sumedha, son, daughter-in-law and daughter reached Oslo yesterday.
Frenchman Patrick Modiano will be presented the Literature Nobel, US-British scientist John O’Keefe and Norwegian husband-and-wife duo Edvard and May-Britt Moser Nobel in medicine and Japanese scientists Isamu Akasaki and Hiroshi Amano and Japanese-born American Shuji Nakamura the Nobel in Physics.
Americans Eric Betzig and William Moerner and German scientist Stefan Hell will share the Nobel in Chemistry, while Frenchman Jean Tirole will be presented the Nobel for Economics.
Since 1901, the Nobel Prizes have been presented to the Laureates at ceremonies on December 10, the anniversary of Alfred Nobel’s death.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Crime against women by juveniles gone up in 2013: GovtCrime against women by juveniles gone up in 2013: Govt
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
There has been a 132 per cent rise in incidents of crime committed by juveniles against women in 2013 over the previous year, Lok Sabha was told today.
Minister of State for Home Haribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary said this quoting the data available with the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB).
He said the Ministry of Women and Child Development has recently introduced the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Bill, 2014 in Lok Sabha which contains both punitive and reformative measures for children in conflict with the law.
“The objective of the bill is therefore to provide both deterrent and reformative options for overall development of children,” he said in a written reply.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Rajasthan government bars people with no toilets at home from contesting Panchayat pollsDec 09, 2014 at 03:40pm IST
Rajasthan government bars people with no toilets at home from contesting Panchayat polls
3
0
Jaipur: The Rajasthan government has cleared the Bill stating that politicians cannot contest elections unless they have a toilet at home. The order comes after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's appeal for toilets in every household.
The Bharatiya Janata Party government in the state in its Bill has said that candidates will be declared ineligible to contest if they don't have a toilet in their home. The state government believes that the move will motivate people to construct and use toilets in their home.
Modi has also called for a national campaign to Clean India.
The state government believes that the move will motivate people to construct and use toilets in their home.
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Kailash Satyarthi  Malala Yousafzai to be awarded Nobel Peace Prize 2014 todayHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Biggest fall in China stocks for 5 yearsShanghai stocks suffer sharpest fall in five years
Jennifer Hughes and Patrick McGee in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95372ce6-7f79-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mizoram Police arrest minor boy for raping 67-year-oldrelativeBy: Express News Service | Aizawl |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:39 pm
Mizoram Police on Tuesday arrested a 16-year-old boy accused of raping his paternal grandmother’s sister several times over the past few weeks. The victim is 67-years-old, has weak eyesight and is slightly mentally unsound due to her age, police and neighbors said.
The alleged rapist and the victim both hail from the village of North East Khawdungsei in eastern Champhai district.
The juvenile offender is currently being held at the Ngopa police station and is scheduled to be taken to district headquarters Champhai, where the child protection office is located, on Wednesday, a police officer said.
According to neighbors and police, the boy would wait till the victim’s relatives left for the fields (it is currently harvest season) before entering the house to rape the woman.
This happened several times over the past two weeks. The woman told her relatives that someone she could not identify would enter the house, tie her up and gag her before raping while she was left alone at home.
Alarmed at her complaint, her relatives kept watch and finally caught the boy as he tied her up sometime last week. An FIR was filed by her son on Monday, police said.
A neighbor said the boy lives with his parents, who are bootleggers.

6 dead after plane crashes into MarylandhomeBy: Press Trust of India | Gaithersburg (maryland) |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:35 pm
A small, private jet has slammed into a house, killing a woman and her two young sons inside the home and three people on the aircraft, authorities said.
The jet crashed yesterday around 10:45 am in Gaithersburg, a Washington DC suburb, Montgomery County Fire and Rescue Chief Steve Lohr told a news conference.
Authorities quickly said all three people in the plane had been killed, but it took hours for fire crews to sweep the home and confirm that three people were inside. They were identified as 36-year-old Marie Gemmell and her two sons, 3-year-old Cole and 1-month-old Devon, police said.
They were found in a second-floor bathroom. Gemmell was lying on top of her young sons in an apparent effort to shield them from the smoke and fire, said police Capt Paul Starks.
Her husband and a school-age daughter were not home and were accounted for, police said.
The fuselage of the jet crashed into the front lawn of an adjacent home, which was heavily damaged by fire, and investigators believe one of its wings, which had fuel inside, was sheared off and tore through the front of the Gemmell home, said Robert Sumwalt, a National Transportation Safety Board member. Witnesses reported seeing and hearing a secondary explosion after the plane hit the ground.
The two-story, wood-frame home was gutted. The first floor was nearly completely blown out and smoke drifted from a gaping hole in what was left of the collapsing roof. No one was injured in the adjacent homes that also had major damage.
The founder and CEO of a North Carolina clinical research organisation was among those on the plane. Health Decisions of Durham, North Carolina, said in a news release that Dr Michael Rosenberg was among those killed.
Rosenberg was a pilot who crashed a different plane in Gaithersburg on March 1, 2010, according to a government official who wasn’t authorised to speak publicly and asked not to be named. Investigators are still trying to determine if Rosenberg was at the controls at the time of the crash.
Fred Pedreira, 67, who lives near the crash site, said he had just returned home from the grocery store and was parking his car when he saw the jet and immediately knew something was wrong.

Avoid cabs  get your friend to drop you home  suggests new app fromDelhiWritten by Trisha Mukherjee | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:31 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 7:54 pm
The shocking revelation that the taxi driver involved in the recent Uber cab rape incident is a repeat offender and that his identity was never verified by the company, only sends shivers down one’s spine.
With the loopholes in the app based cab services coming to light, has risen a need for a safer and more reliable travel service. And who better to trust than yourself while choosing your company on your way back home.
To challenge the drawbacks of these cab services, a Delhi-based tech start up Smartube Entertainment has come up with a new application FrndiNeed.
As the name suggests, “it offers you an option to travel with your friends instead of travelling with an unknown driver or strangers as might be the case in a shared shuttle,” said Kunal Kishore Sinha, Founder & CEO, Smartube Entertainment.
Available on iOS and Android phones, FrndiNeed is a socially enabled app that utilises your geo-location and finds that of your friends. It then lets you know about the whereabouts of the ones in your proximity.
“All you need to do is locate your friend and call or text asking for lift. After your friend accepts your request, the app would help you with route to reach your friend,” Sinha said.
Another conspicuously helpful feature incorporated within the app, keeping in mind the current scenario, is the SOS (Save Our Ship) message, where you can send a message to friends within your vicinity asking for help in case of emergencies like a car break down or other urgent issues.
“You can also poke your friends for instant plans or even plan a meet up. Among the other features is the Packing Planner, with the help of which you can plan short group trips, share weekend trip plans and take friends along,” Kunal added.
A user can easily register for the app either via his existing Facebook account or with phone number and nick name. The application can be downloaded for free from http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.smarttube.smartliftn&hl=en

Prefer REC  PFC  MM Fin  LIC Housing: Devang Mehta02:30 pm
Devang Mehta of Anand Rathi Financial Services told CNBC-TV18, "Rather than midcaps at this point of time when there can be a one or two percent correction still pending and midcaps can be hammered out of shape may be 5-7 percent more so, precisely we would infact start our buying or accumulation more in the so called largecap space. Something like  Rural Electrification Corporation  (REC) or  Power Finance Corporation  (PFC)."
"We think something like REC or PFC at something about 1.2 -1.3 price to book is really ridiculous priced at this point of time. So these stocks are where we would put our money into. We will also start getting into something like LIC Housing Finance  or Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services  and some non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) like Can Fin Homes  which we would start accumulating. So something like NBFCs would be the theme going forward," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Global stocks decline on China and oil concernsglobal stocks decline on china and oil concerns
Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy stock up on CCI merger approvalSun Pharma  Ranbaxy stock up on CCI merger approval
Another 100 points fall for the NiftyAnother 100 points fall for the Nifty
Revenue forgone on tax sops to biz at Rs 1.03 lakh crore in FY14Revenue forgone on tax sops to biz at Rs 1.03 lakh crore in FY14
HCL Tech inks deal with Washington GasHCL Tech inks deal with Washington Gas
Carlyle buys Newgen KnowledgeWorks for $33 mnCarlyle buys Newgen KnowledgeWorks for $33 mn
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 03:40 PM IST
Global alternative asset manager The Carlyle Group has acquired control stake in Chennai-based Newgen KnowledgeWorks Private Limited, a provider of publishing and technical services for publishers in the USA, the UK and Europe.
First Carlyle Ventures III, an investment fund advised by The Carlyle Group, has invested $32.8 million to acquire a 54.85% stake in Newgen.
Carlyle acquired the stake held by Franklin Templeton Private Equity Strategy, Aureos South Asia Fund and ePlanet Capital in Newgen. Carlyle had earlier invested in Newgen in 2004 and exited its investment in 2011.
Prabhakar Ram, Founder & CEO of Newgen said, “We are extremely happy to partner with Carlyle again, which engaged in numerous value creation activities and acted as a catalyst in the growth of the company during its previous stint with Newgen.”
Newgen provides end to end publishing and technical services for books and journals – from content creation till marketing – such as content sourcing, content creation, project management, author liaison, development editing, copyediting, design, artwork and permissions, typesetting/composition, and distribution and discoverability solutions for content through their production centers in India, UK and US.
Since 2000, Carlyle had invested approximately $1.1 billion of equity in approximately 30 transactions in India as of September 30, 2014.

Greek shares fall 8.8% on snap electionLast updated: December 9, 2014 7:21 pm
Snap election in Greece reignites fears for eurozone
Elaine Moore and Robin Wigglesworth in London, Kerin Hope in Athens and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4db45c9c-7f95-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber s image takes big hit  it s not  safest ride in the worldUber's image takes big hit, it's not 'safest ride in the world'
Pranav Dixit , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 07, 2014
First Published: 12:44 IST(7/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:17 IST(8/12/2014)
Comments
On its official website, Uber, the high-profile ride-sharing service, claims that it offers the "safest rides in the world" by "setting the strictest safety standards possible."
The Uber smartphone app, used to book taxis using its service, is pictured over a parking lot. (AFP photo)
But it's unclear what Uber does to ensure the safety of passengers in India. The company's website provides no country-specific information.
When contacted, Uber provided Hindustan Times with a boilerplate statement, which says that it works with "licensed driver-partners to provide a safe transportation option, with layers of safeguards such as driver and vehicle information, and ETA-sharing to ensure there is accountability and traceability of all trips that occur on the Uber platform."
Online cab companies drop the ball on key safety feature
It's unclear who these partners are and whether Uber does any background checks or police verification on the drivers it employs in India.
As a passenger, this is troubling. When you take an Uber, your driver knows your full name, your phone number and exactly where you live.
Unlike radio taxi services like Meru, which employ standalone GPS systems in their cars, Uber relies solely on the built-in GPS on the smartphones it provides to its drivers. This means that going off the grid is as simple as turning off the phone."
At least in the case where a woman executive in Delhi was raped allegedly by a Uber cab driver , police have confirmed that there was no mandatory verification done before hiring him.
The accused is still on the run and the police could not access his call records as the server is located in the US.
Uber, which just closed a second billion-dollar-plus round of funding this year, and is now valued at more than $40 billion, has always shrugged off responsibility by maintaining that it is not a car company but a technology company: it owns no vehicles, only software, and is thus simply a platform that brings drivers and people who want to be driven together.
Uber's controversial record in the US
In the United States, Uber has a three-step criminal background screening process with county, federal and multi-state checks that go back seven years. The company also requires users to rate every driver after a ride and provide feedback, which, it insists, is anonymous. Drivers that consistently rate low are terminated.
Despite these safeguards, there have been multiple incidents of Uber drivers sexually assaulting passengers . In 2013, an Uber driver in Washington DC was arrested for allegedly raping a 20-year-old passenger though there were no charges pressed. In April this year, an Uber driver in Chicago was charged for fondling a customer.
In the United States, Uber tacked on a $1 "Safe Rides Fee" to its UberX fare earlier this year.
On its blog, Uber says: This fee supports the increased costs associated with our continued efforts to ensure the safest platform for Uber riders and drivers. Those include Federal, state and local background checks, regular motor vehicle screenings, driver safety education, current and future development of safety features in the app, and more. In the US, the Safe Rides Fee is always $1 USD. In Canada, it is $1 CAD.

The Karnataka (non)-modelSreenivasan Jain: The Karnataka (non)-model
Sreenivasan Jain |  Dec 08, 2014 09:46 PM IST
In what has been a fairly volatile week newswise, most readers may be forgiven for having skipped an item buried in the inside pages of a national newspaper about the latest round of dissidence to beset the Congress government in Karnataka. Chief Minister K Siddaramaiah, the article said, has become "increasingly isolated", with a large number of his political and ideological affiliates deserting him. He was left with the backing of only a handful of "lightweight loyalists". The only reason that I noticed the piece - in keeping, incidentally, with several similar pieces (it seems to be the only time that Karnataka makes news) - is that since the Assembly elections last year, I have been intermittently following the trajectory of Siddaramaiah as a sort of case study for my thesis. Which is (and I have written about it in these pages before) that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has been deeply astute in leveraging chief ministerial expertise to lay claim to a national mandate, anticipating, even fostering a phenomenon, which has become a critical part of India's political conversation, one that has completely bypassed the Congress.
In its current avatar, few within the BJP would imagine calling this anything other than the "Modi model". But it also demonstrates a degree of foresight by party elders in building "stars" or in giving those "stars" a free rein to promote themselves, even if that has led to their own marginalisation. The BJP would argue this is borne out of democratic impulse; others may see it has hard political necessity - the need to create, virtually from scratch, a prominent set of "faces" in states overrun by legacy Congress stalwarts. Regardless of the allocation of credit, it has allowed the BJP to claw its way back into political relevance from the precipice it found itself in five years ago.
Rewind, for a moment, to 2009. The BJP was in almost as ruinous a state as the current Congress, perhaps in some ways even worse since it had lost two elections back to back. Its national leadership stood accused - from without and within - of disconnect from the popular mood, and of being caught up in the game of one-upmanship and self-preservation. (Jaswant Singh's letter, asking why key BJP election strategists were being rewarded with plum parliamentary posts despite the party's defeat comes to mind). At that time, few would have bet on its ability to re-emerge as a serious contender.
The BJP's eventual successful challenge to a United Progressive Alliance (UPA)-II increasingly seen as ineffectual, elitist and corrupt came from BJP-run states: Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, tiny Goa and, of course, Gujarat. Building a narrative around chief ministers did several things at once: it helped take the governance ball away from the UPA - here were hands-on sons of soil leaders doing things, even if in some cases they were effectively implementing schemes conceived by the same Congress durbar. It acknowledged the new federalist assertion, with state's emerging as power centres. And it allowed the selection of a claimant for the big stage to emerge (or at least appear to emerge) from a merit-based jostling of provincial leaders, as opposed to an outcome pre-decided solely on the basis of dynasty.
Instead of sensing these shifts, in state after state, the Congress continued to install politically disenfranchised, Delhi-nominated satraps, condemned to a tenure of perpetual dependence and insecurity (the outgoing chief ministers of Maharashtra and erstwhile Andhra Pradesh come to mind). Or to inflict that insecurity even on its few strong leaders, by allowing rival leaders to keep pot of dissent boiling (Delhi, for instance). Hardly surprising then, that in a general election that increasingly became about the Modi Model vs the Nitish Model vs (briefly) the Amma Model, not a single Congress chief minister featured in the party's national publicity campaign.
Which brings me back to my interest in Karnataka. Siddaramaiah's nomination by his party to the high office seemed to buck the Congress trend. Here was a mass leader, representing a numerically significant but politically marginalised OBC caste (the Kurubas), an "import" from the Janata stream, all factors that made him an outlier in the Congress scheme of things. Moreover, even though the Karnataka elections were fought in the inchoate manner, which the Congress seems to inexplicably favour, with no declared CM candidate, once the results were out he demonstrated (unusually by Congress standards) no qualms in asserting himself, leaving the high command with little choice but to almost immediately announce his name without the humiliating wait that has marked previous appointments. Throw in the added advantage of helming one of India's better-developed states, and he had all the ingredients to jockey for a prominent space in the current competitive akhada of provincial leaders.
But instead, the initial brio seems to have rapidly deflated after assuming office. The only news filtering out of Karnataka appears to be of petty internal squabbling and power struggles. I am too much at a distance to gauge whether Siddaramaiah had it in him at all or whether the culture of his adopted party, adept at stunting any perceived challenge to the First Family, proved too much for him. Having said that, if there is some path-breaking transformation taking shape in Karnataka that has bypassed the Delhi press corps, this might be the time to unveil it. After the results from Maharashtra and Haryana, Siddaramaiah has become, unwittingly, the only Congress chief minister of a leading Indian state.
As this goes to print, one hears of a new app being released by the Karnataka government to enable access to every major government service on a cellphone. Could this, finally, be the first glimmering of a Karnataka Model? I would advise against holding one's breath.
The writer anchors the ground reportage show Truth vs Hype on NDTV 24X7

New Orleans tries to bar newspaper from disclosing any information in police report in alleged rape caseBy Eugene Volokh December 8 Follow @volokhc
New Orleans is trying to bar a local newspaper from “disclosing any information” in a police report in an alleged rape case and from “contacting any individuals identified” in the report, according to a report by NOLA.com / Times-Picayune about the city’s attempt to get an injunction against them:
A state judge on Monday rejected the city of New Orleans’ request to block NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune from continuing to report about an NOPD document on the investigation of a Texas woman’s alleged rape in a French Quarter hotel after Mardi Gras this year.
Judge Kern Reese denied the city’s request as to the information contained in the police report, but told the news organization not to identify the woman.
Jim Amoss, editor of NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune, said, “While we disagree with that aspect of the judge’s ruling under constitutional law, it is our practice not to name victims of sex crimes and we have not named the woman in this case.”
According to NOLA.com, “[t]he city request asked the judge to bar the news organization from ‘disclosing any information’ or ‘contacting any individuals identified’ in the report,” arguing that such publications could undermine the investigation and the alleged victim’s privacy, and that the police report shouldn’t have been shown to NOLA.
The woman  held a press conference Nov. 21 , with her attorney, Gloria Allred; her name apparently wasn’t mentioned at the press conference, though she did appear, and parts of the conference were broadcast on television. A NOLA story reported that “details gleaned from the detective’s report outline a number of inconsistencies in the woman’s account.”
If the woman’s name was indeed given in the detective’s report, then it’s hard to see how an injunction against publishing her name would be constitutional, given that even damages liability for such a publication would be unconstitutional (see Florida Star v. B.J.F. (1989) . The matter is less clear if NOLA had uncovered the woman’s name in their own reporting — Florida Star stressed that in that case the newspaper published a rape victim’s name that was erroneously released by the police department, and didn’t consider what would happen as to such information that was gathered from other sources (such as interviews with witnesses and the like) — though I think that even there such an injunction would be unconstitutional. Nonetheless, it sounds like NOLA.com isn’t going to be fighting that, given its own policy not to publish rape victims’ names.
In any event, I’m glad that the court refused to stop the newspaper from publishing more on the story, and I’m troubled that the city of New Orleans would even try to gag the newspaper this way. If anyone knows more details on this, please let me know. Thanks to the MLRC MediaLawDaily for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Islamic State using Westerners as cannon fodder  says AustraliaBy: Associated Press | Sydney |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:45 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 12:49 pm
Australia’s government accused the Islamic State group of using foreign fighters as “cannon fodder,” as the number of Australians killed while fighting alongside militants in Syria and Iraq rose to 20.
Australian Attorney General George Brandis said in a report published Tuesday that members of the Islamic State movement are tricking Westerners into believing they are playing a key part of a religious crusade.
“They are simply using them as frontline cannon fodder, suicide bombers and propaganda tools,” Brandis told The Australian newspaper.
Twenty Australians have died in the conflict in Syria and Iraq, Brandis said, with several dying in recent weeks while fighting against government forces in the Syrian border town Kobani. Australia had previously put the death toll at 15.
“Australian youths, and many young men and women from Western countries, are being lured by the falsehood of a noble battle against an oppressive enemy,” Brandis said. “In reality, they are merely taking part in acts of thoughtless violence – in many cases against innocent civilians – on behalf of ISIL, which is intent on recklessly enslaving, raping and murdering those with a contrary view to their own.”
Last week, Australia used tough new counterterrorism laws to make it a criminal offense for Australians to travel to the Syrian province of al-Raqqa because of the Islamic State movement’s hold on the war-ravaged region.
The government estimates at least 70 Australians are fighting with terrorist groups in Iraq and Syria.

Assembly elections: Voters brave cold in J-K  brisk polling in JharkhandComments
Millions of voters defied a separatist call to boycott assembly elections in Kashmir and voted amid tight security in the third phase of the polls on Tuesday, but the turnout was lower than the first two rounds with voters in separatist stronghold staying away.
Kashmiri voters queue at a polling station in Handwara, about 70 kms north of capital Srinagar. (AFP photo)
The Election Commission said 58% of voters turned up to cast their ballot, lower than record over 70% numbers in the first two phases when Kashmiris battled bone-chilling winter temperatures in a bid to keep the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from gaining in the Muslim-majority state.
Sixteen constituencies in the Valley went to the polls under the shadow of violence after 21 people were killed in a string of militant attacks last week, including one on an army camp in the border town of Uri, but that didn’t stop people in central Kashmir where the turnout was a high 73%. Uri recorded a record high turnout of 79% while the highest percentage in the state was in Charar-i-Sharief were 82% of people came out to vote.
Militant attacks and poll boycott cast a shadow on voter turnout in many areas including the separatist bastions of Sopore and Baramulla in North Kashmir and South Kashmir's Tral and Pulwama.
Sopore logged the lowest numbers at 30 percent while Tral and Pulwama recorded 38 percent voting and Baramulla was moderate at 45 percent. Sopore is the hometown of separatist leader Syed Ali Shah and Tral was one of the worse affected in Friday’s militant attacks, with two civilians killed and 10 injured in a grenade attack in a crowded market.
Many people said they were voting for peace and development in Kashmir which has been torn by a separatist revolt for about 25 years.
"We have borne the brunt of wars between the two countries. The Kashmir issue is too big and complex to be resolved by my vote. Our village got road this year only. Earlier we used to trek on foot. I am voting for a pakka road and hope to see some employment generation here," said Muhammad Hanief, a 50-year-old government employee.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and three of his cabinet colleagues are among 144 candidates whose fate will be decided in the third phase of polling spread across the three districts Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla districts.
The Abdullah scion, however, faces tough competition from Congress which is banking on the local credentials of candidate Nazir Ahmad Khan. Analysts say his National Conference is widely expected to lose in the face of deep anger in the state, especially since the devastating floods in September, while the Peoples Democratic Party is seen emerging as the single largest party in the 87-member assembly.
Some areas in South and North Kashmir witnessed stone pelting and a petrol bomb was hurled by unidentified men at a polling station in Gulmarg constituency. No casualties were reported in the incident, but polling was generally peaceful.
PDP patron Mufti Muhammad Sayeed said the massive turnout was "not only a message to the divisive forces but also an assertion to resolve problems democratically".
“Jammu and Kashmir is sending out a loud and clear massage not only to the divisive forces but also that it wants the problems facing the state resolved through the democratic process," Sayeed said in Khiram area of Bijbehara constituency.
Jharkhand too defied a Maoist call to boycott the polls with 61.35% of voters turning out to vote in 17 constituencies in a bid to end years of political instability in the state which has seen nine chief ministers and been under President’s Rule three times since it was created 14 years ago.
Barring a few incidents of exchange of gunfire between security forces and Maoists in Giridih district and clashes between two political parties in Ichagarh before polling began, the third round passed off peacefully.
A total of 289 candidates are contesting 17 out of the state’s 81 assembly seats, including former chief ministers Babulal Marandi, former deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato, former assembly speaker CP Singh and three cabinet ministers—Annapurna Devi, Rajendra Prasad Singh and Jaiprakash Bhai Patel.

http://usat.ly/1u9LrGxSony's Xperia Z3 may be the best phone money can buy
This phone's camera rivals many point and shoots, and packs abundant features to boot.
Post to Facebook
Sony's Xperia Z3 may be the best phone money can buy This phone's camera rivals many point and shoots, and packs abundant features to boot. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A3vzJx
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
43
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Sony's Xperia Z3 may be the best phone money can buy
Chris Thomas, Reviewed.com 9:02 a.m. EST December 6, 2014
Sony's new Xperia smartphone has a camera to rival many point-and-shoots.
(Photo: Reviewed.com)
1924 CONNECT 112 TWEET 42 LINKEDIN 43 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Smartphones have a habit of rendering other devices irrelevant. After all, in a few short years they've already replaced PDAs, calculators, mp3 players and portable gaming systems.
Next in line? Point-and-shoot cameras.
Up until now, with a few notable exceptions, using the camera on your phone has been less about quality than about convenience. But with the Xperia Z3 ($630 MSRP, off-contract), Sony is offering a phone with an imaging sensor equal to the one in many point-and-shoots. It's a statement of intent: Sony wants to change how you view the smartphone.
Sony Xperia Z3 Smartphone Review
Going into our testing, we expected the Z3's camera to be among the best we'd tested in a smartphone. What we didn't expect was that this phone would be the complete package. The Z3 isn't perfect, but it does practically everything you could want, and does it well.
After spending some real-world time with the Z3, Sony's game plan begins to make sense. The tall but narrow 5.2-inch screen finds a sweet spot between too-large phablets (like the Galaxy Note 4 and iPhone 6 Plus) and smaller phones that can't showcase content quite as well.
It's also a beautifully minimalist design, though that comes with its own drawbacks. The Z3's rounded, matte metal edges are a pleasure to hold, but a tad too slippery. Worse, the glossy glass back is a fingerprint magnet that seems to offer virtually no resistance; more than once, we set it on our desk only to hear it fall to the floor courtesy of the vibration produced by our typing.
Samsung Galaxy S5 Smartphone Review
Still, the phone is rugged as they come. Environmental sealing makes the Z3 both dustproof and waterproof to around five feet. Yes, that means you can go swimming with it. There's even a dedicated shutter button, so you can make use of the 20-megapixel camera while playing with your kids in the pool, where the touchscreen doesn't work.
And that camera (particularly its sensor) really is a huge deal. While there isn't any optical zoom or image stabilization on the Z3, its images have more natural depth of field, higher resolution and far less noise than snaps taken by almost any other smartphone. The phone also boasts some of the most accurate color reproduction we've ever recorded.
Sony's camera software provides you with tons of shooting modes and options — far more than we typically see. You can even download a slew of add-on modules, including 4K video and slow-motion recording. Want to live-stream video to YouTube? You can do that, too.
Apple iPhone 5s Smartphone Review
Add it all up and the Z3 is easily the best smartphone camera we've tested to date. As it stands now, it's about on par with the company's sub-$200 point-and-shoots, and should improve with Google's adjustments to Android camera functionality in version 5.0 Lollipop.
The best camera specs in the world wouldn't mean a thing if the Z3 were frustrating to use or lacking in other features. Happily, for the most part, it's a joy to use.
The Z3's reskinned take on Android isn't the prettiest, but it's functional and includes some unique features you simply can't get anywhere else. Playstation 4 owners will especially appreciate the ability to stream games from their console to their phone — a feature that worked flawlessly for us.
Sony makes up for the slightly rough-around-the-edges UI by making the most of the Z3's hardware. With one of the brightest screens we've tested, the Z3's picture remains visible even on bright days, despite its highly reflective screen.
The battery also impresses. Even in our most punishing battery rundown test, the phone was able to last 6.5 hours on a charge. That's almost twice what the latest iPhones could muster under the same conditions.
The processor powering the Z3 isn't top-of-the-line, but it more than holds its own when it comes to gaming and basic tasks. It's well supported by its 3 gigabytes of RAM, so the phone doesn't choke when you've got lots of apps open.
When you get right down to it, there are four things that most people want in a phone: a relatively fast processor, a good-looking display that you can still see outdoors, a great camera and great battery life. Considering those criteria, the Sony Xperia Z3 is as close to an ideal phone as you can get today.
The Z3 isn't perfect, of course. It's not the most powerful device out there, it's only available on T-Mobile, and its glossy glass back is a disaster waiting to happen. But this is a phone that's built to stand the test of time better than most of its competitors.
Its battery life is jaw dropping, its camera is the best you'll find on a mainstream phone, and its list of features is seemingly endless. It's a phone built for the long haul, in more ways than one.
1924 CONNECT 112 TWEET 42 LINKEDIN 43 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A3vzJx
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Delivery volumes up in 2014 as markets riseDelivery volumes up in 2014 as markets rise
Sneha Padiyath | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 02:04 PM IST
Delivery volumes this year have seen a steady rise as equities rose sharply in 2014 on renewed hopes of an economic recovery. Investor-participation this year was much better than last year as average monthly delivery volumes accounted for around 45 per cent of delivery volumes as against 42 per cent last year.
"Delivery volumes are up this year as we have seen higher participation by investors, particularly those of the high networth category than absolute retail. It is an encouraging sign and volumes are expected to go higher as investments and earnings start to see a pick-up," said Sudhakar Ramasubramanian, managing director, Aditya Birla Money.
Delivery volumes are also up on the back of increased valuations in the mid- and small-cap sector.
So far this year, stock markets have surged about 40 per cent this year but industry players remain unenthused by the extent of retail participation. The slow trickle of retail investors seen at the beginning of the year is yet to become a steady flowing stream of investments from this category of small individual investors.
Brokers and market analysts said that the anticipation and hype in the market about the return of the retail investor has not met expectations, thanks to the scars left behind by the last five-six years.
"The large-scale wider participation by the retail investor that was expected at the start of the year has still not happened. Delivery volumes have gone up but that is also largely because of the rise in market valuations and the activity of existing clients," said Satish Menon, executive director, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
Most of the traction has been in the accounts of already existing clients who were seen booking profits during April and May after share prices rose sharply in anticipation of a favourable election outcome in May.
Data from NSDL and CDSL point to an increase in the number of demat accounts but brokerages said that many of them were still inactive waiting for a dip in prices to enter the market. As per data from NSDL and CDSL, over 11 lakh accounts have been added so far this year.
Investors are still waiting on the sidelines looking for an opportune time to start investing. While enquiries continue to pour in, these are not necessarily getting translated into active market participation.
"The rally this year has generated higher retail participation than last year but it is still nowhere close to what we had seen in 2007-08. People are waiting for a meaningful correction or trigger to enter the market. Instead they should just start investing on a regular basis and stop trying to time the market," said Ketan Karkhanis, senior vice-president at ICICI Securities.
An interest-rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) as indicated by the RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan in his policy statement last week could be one such trigger, brokerage officials said.
While many banks have already lowered rates in anticipation of a rate-cut next year, a rate-cut by the RBI could free up investments for equities as clients could then churn their portfolio in favour of equities, analysts said.

Duty hike on petrol  diesel to fetch Rs 10 5...You are here: Home > Collections > Litre
Duty hike on petrol, diesel to fetch Rs 10,500 crore this fiscal
PTI Dec 9, 2014, 03.17PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(The government will get…)
NEW DELHI: The government will get an additional Rs 10,500 crore in the current fiscal from hike in excise duty on petrol and diesel.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley told the Rajya Sabha in a written reply that excise duty hike on November 12 and December 2 will fetch the exchequer Rs 6,000 crore and Rs 4,500 crore respectively in the remaining months of the fiscal, ending March 31, 2015.
The government had raised the excise duty in two tranches on November 12 and December 2 in view of the decline in prices of crude oil in the international market.
It hiked excise duty by Rs 1.50 a litre on both the fuels on November 12. Later, on December 2, the duty on petrol was hiked by Rs 2.25 per litre and on diesel by Re 1 a litre.
"There will be no impact on the retail price of petrol and diesel on account of the increase in excise duty on petrol and diesel," Jaitley said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

States on board  GST to be rolled out from ...Goods and Services Tax
(Minister of State for Finance…)
NEW DELHI: The government on Tuesday said that broad agreement has been achieved with the states on most of the issues concerning the implementation of Goods and Services Tax (GST) which is scheduled to be rolled out from April 1, 2016.The states, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha said, will be "insulated" from the impact of GST on their revenues and gradually the new tax regime will also cover petroleum and petroleum products."
The tax rate under GST may be nominal or zero rated for the time being. This has been proposed to insulate the revenues of the States from the impact of GST, with the expectation that in due course, GST will be levied on petroleum and petroleum products," Sinha said in a written reply to Rajya Sabha.
To another question, he said government has assured states of compensation for any revenue losses incurred by them from the date of introduction of GST, for a period of three years."There has been broad agreement on most issues related to GST with the states in the recent months and the GST rollout is scheduled on April 1, 2016," Sinha said.
The GST will subsume indirect taxes like excise duty and service tax at the central level and VAT and local levies on the states front.The GST Constitutional Amendment Bill , which was introduced in the Lok Sabha in 2011, had lapsed and the NDA government will be required to come up with a fresh bill.
States have been demanding that petroleum, alcohol and tobacco be kept out of the purview of GST.The GST rollout has missed several deadlines because of lack of consensus among states over certain crucial issues on the proposed new tax regime.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NTPC signs Rs 3 000 cr worth of term loansDec 09, 2014, 04.21 PM IST  | Source: PTI
NTPC signs Rs 3,000 cr worth of term loans
One pact has been signed for Rs 2,000 crore with HDFC Bank and another for Rs 1,000 crore with Syndicate Bank.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NTPC signs Rs 3,000 cr worth of term loans
One pact has been signed for Rs 2,000 crore with HDFC Bank and another for Rs 1,000 crore with Syndicate Bank.
Post your opinion here
 
State-owned power producer NTPC  today said it has signed term loan agreements for Rs 3,000 crore to part finance its capital expenditure.
One pact has been signed for Rs 2,000 crore with  HDFC Bank and another for Rs 1,000 crore with Syndicate Bank . "Both loan agreements have a door-to-door tenure of 15 years and will be utilised to part finance the capital expenditure of NTPC," the company said in a statement.
The company has already started work on the expansion of Telangana's Ramagundam power plant to 2x800 MW. The current capacity of the thermal power station at Ramagundam is 2,600 MW. This expansion is part of the 4,000 MW power plant proposed to be set up in Telangana state.
Of the proposed 4,000 MW capacity, 1,600 MW will be installed at the existing location in Ramagundam. The current installed capacity of NTPC is 43,128 MW.
NTPC stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  10:43 hrs NTPC was quoting at Rs 127.40, down Rs 1.3, or 1.01 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 168.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 110.90.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 12.40 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 10.27. The latest book value of the company is Rs 104.08 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.22.
RELATED NEWS

Govt under attack in Lok Sabha for levying additional excise duty on petrolGovt under attack in Lok Sabha for levying additional excise duty on petrol
PTI
Mallikarjun Kharge
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
Government came under attack in the Lok Sabha today over levying additional excise duty on petrol and diesel with Congress, Left parties and TMC alleging that the move was aimed at denying the common man lower prices for his fuel.
Raising the issue during Zero Hour, Leader of the Congress Mallikarjun Kharge regretted that the easing of international prices of crude oil was being utilised by the government to offset its budgetary deficit, much to the detriment of the consumers.
Noting that prices of crude oil internationally have come down from $120 dollars to $65-70, he said the prices of petrol and diesel should have come down by Rs 3.25 per litre but the situation is being used to mop up Rs 15,000 crore to reduce budgetary deficit.
He regretted that the government is always quick to raise the prices of petroleum products if there is hike in global crude prices, does not lower the rates when the prices tumble.
Left and TMC members immediately supported Kharge while N K Premchandran (RSP) objected to the government making the two hikes in excise duties without laying the notification before Parliament. “Parliament is being taken for granted”, he said.
Earlier in the day, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan rejected a notice of adjournment motion given by Congress and RSP to discuss the hike in excise duty on diesel and petrol.
She said though the issue raised by Kharge and Premchandran are important, they are not so urgent to disrupt the business of the day.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

BSE Sensex falls to near one-month low on weakAsiaMaintain buy on TCS despite cross-currency headwind
Indian markets today plunged to over one-month lows with benchmark Sensex tumbling 322.39 points to end at 27,797.01 on losses in power, metal and capital goods shares amid a sell-off in China and other global markets.
The NSE Nifty tanked 97.55 points to end below 8,400-mark at 8,340.70 as stocks fell for the third straight session.
Fall of global crude prices to five-year lows failed to lift the global sentiment as Chinese stocks dropped over 5 per cent on tighter lending norms and over 1 per cent drop in European indices, said traders.
The BSE 30-share Sensex remained in negative terrain for the major part of the session on sustained selling pressure. It moved between 27,763.82 and 28,157.53 range, before ending with a sharp loss of 322.39 points, or 1.15 per cent, at 27,797.01. This is its weakest close since October 30.
In the previous two sessions, Sensex shed 443.42 points.
The overall market breadth was negative as about 900 stocks rose while over 2,000 scrips fell.
“Sell-offs seen in Asian markets…impacted market sentiments for the day. Brent crude was seen dropping to its fresh 5-year lows, below USD 66 a barrel,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Experts said data showing current account deficit widened to USD 10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, in July-September quarter of this fiscal, raised concerns at a time when markets are pricing are strong recovery of the Indian economy.
Sesa Sterlite shares emerged the biggest loser among Sensex components by tumbling over 5 per cent. Shares of state-run ONGC plunged 4.29 per cent.
Other notable laggards include Tata Power, Bharti Airtel, NTPC, Tata Steel, Hindalco, BHEL, L&T, Tata Motors, Wipro, SBI, Cipla, Maruti Suzuki, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank.
Almost all the major Asian stock markets fell after Chinese market tumbled 5.43 per cent, the most since 2009. Indices in Hong Kong and Japan were among the worst-hit.
Sectorally, BSE Power index suffered the most by losing 2.75 per cent, followed by Metal index (2.71 per cent), Capital Goods (2.29 per cent) and Consumer Durables (2.11 per cent) among others. Selling activity in small and midcap also gathered momentum with BSE Smallcap falling 1.59 per cent and Midcap index down 1.57 per cent.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 4,984.60 crore yesterday.
Shrikant Chouhan, Head- Technical Research, Kotak Securities:
Today, our markets opened at unchanged levels but unexpected steep weakness in Chinese and other Asian markets had triggered further bearish sentiment in the market. In fact in the absence or delay in positive news flows on the reform side is making impatient to medium term and long term investors. Technically we are of the view that unless and until the market is not approaching to major supports buying may not emerge but it’s a normal correction and investors should use it as an opportunity to buy and traders can take contra view of buying around major supports. In fact, today’s closing is very close to 1st major support, which is around 8300/27700. In case if it fails to sustain above 8300/27700 then the fall may extend up to 8200/27350. However, we are of the view that one should start investing into frontline stocks or index heavy weights with a medium term view (2 to 3months).  We like PSU banks, auto ancillary and pharmaceutical stocks with a medium term view.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Delhi rape: Unregistered online cabs banned across India  Uber booked for cheatingGovt speaks in two voices on banning radio cabs
Karn Pratap Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 13:35 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 03:16 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
The government on Tuesday asked all states and Union territories to stop operations of web-based cab-booking services but appeared to be talking in two voices about the proposed ban with ministers differing over the way such companies should be regulated.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
While home minister Rajnath Singh told the Rajya Sabha that his ministry had “advised state governments to ensure operations of web-based taxi services are stopped”, his colleague and road transport minister Nitin Gadkari said such a ban didn’t make sense.
Singh's statement comes a day after the Delhi government banned all unregistered internet taxi services, including Uber, Ola, TaxiForSure and TaxiPixi, for not following existing transport department regulations.
Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure cabs on Delhi's roads despite ban
According to the home ministry, service providers which are not licensed with the state government and UT administrations are prohibited to operate till they get registered.
But, Gadkari told reporters outside Parliament, “Tomorrow, if something happens on a train or a bus, we can’t ban that. Similarly, if something of this sort happens on a plane, that too cannot be banned,”
The minister added modern concepts like these were being implemented worldwide, in countries like the UK and US. “Banning is not a solution. We should look at ways to effectively regulate it,” Gadkari said.
Speaking in a suo-moto statement in the Upper House, Singh had said the government would take all steps to ensure the safety of women and children but clarified the Centre wanted to regulate operations of cab-booking companies and not ban them.
“The government strongly condemns this dastardly act. All necessary steps are being taken to bring the offender to justice,” Singh said.
In spite of the government advisory, Uber cabs continued to ply in most metro cities on Tuesday. In Mumbai and Kolkata, the service was available and the smartphone app active. In Bengaluru, cabs on the web-based app were unavailable though no clear ban was announced in the southern city.
Uber’s smartphone app also continued to remain active and cabs available for hire in Delhi, more than 24 hours after the US-based firm was banned in the Capital following the rape of a 25-year-old woman Friday night. 
Uber, meanwhile, was booked by the Delhi Police for allegedly misleading their passengers by claiming they do a background verification on their drivers.  
 
An FIR under Section 420 (cheating) and 34 (common intention) was filed against the US-based company at the Sarai Rohilla police station, Madhur Verma, DCP (north), told Hindustan Times on Tuesday.
 
"Our investigation... revealed that no (driver) verification was being done by Uber in India. This means they were circulating wrong information to people here who were using their services. This violation certainly attracts a cheating case against them," said a police officer.
(with HTC inputs from Bengaluru, Mumbai and Kolkata)

Uber Faces Problems Galore Across The WorldUber Faces Problems Galore Across The World
India tops overseas market for hotel guests in Abu DhabiIndia tops overseas market for hotel guests in Abu Dhabi
NTPC inks Rs.3 000 crore loan agreements with banksNTPC inks Rs.3 000 crore loan agreements with banks
No cause for concern on CAD front: Arun JaitleyNo cause for concern on CAD front: Arun Jaitley
ONGC good buy with 2 years view: Neeraj Deewan02:30 pm
Neeraj Deewan of Quantum Securities told CNBC-TV18, "The kind of pressure you have seen in  Oil and Natural Gas Corporation  Limited (ONGC) because of offer for sale (OFS) over hang has been quite a lot in this kind of market it was doing so well in the last two-three weeks or four weeks. At this price I don’t think it makes so much sense fundamentally speaking, I would buy ONGC but till that OFS over hang is there I would be little skeptical whether to buy it right now or let that go through or let that some clarity come about the timing of the OFS."
"Fundamentally I definitely feel that ONGC should be bought at this kind of a fall which we have seen and some reworking of a subsidy sharing which is also going to happen now. ONGC definitely is good buy. Leaving the OFS for the time being which we don’t know it is
happening now, it is happening in January or is being deferred, leaving that aside fundamentally it is a good buy for one and a half two years perspective," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Nod by international regulators key for Cadila: Dandekar02:30 pm
With  Cadila Health today launching the biosimilar version of Adalimumab, it becomes the world's first biosimilar which is made end-to-end in India.
Vikas Dandekar, India Bureau Chief, PharmAsiaNews.Com in an interview to CNBC-TV18 spoke about the prospects for Cadila from this launch. According to him the big opportunity for the company would be acceptance of these drugs by international regulators.
Moreover, getting an approval for the product for all the four areas i.e, ankylosing spondylitis, rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile idiopathic arthritis, and psoriatic arthritis is a big achievement in itself said Dandekar because usually the approval process is very complex.
Sharvil Patel, Deputy MD, Cadila Healthcare in an interview to CNBC-TV18 today said the company is targeting revenues close to Rs 100-150 crore in 3-5 years from this launch.
Below is the transcript of Vikas Dandekar’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Menaka Doshi and Senthil Chengalvarayan.
Menaka: Can you just explain to us what this product does and why in itself is it such a unique sort of achievement?
A: This is a monoclonal antibody, it is a complex biologic and the indications to which it can be treated ranges ankylosing spondylitis, rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile idiopathic arthritis, psoriatic arthritis. The significant thing about this particular launch is that Cadila has got indications approved for all four categories of these disease areas. Generally, the biologics in global approvals depend on country to country and the approval process is usually very complex. So to have got approvals for all the four categories is definitely a big achievement.
What is also to be highlighted is that AbbVie’s Humira which is about USD 11 billion in turnover happens to be the largest drug in the world right now, before this it was Atorvastatin. So to that extent to have a play in a market where the innovator is not present in itself is a very big market to tap.
Senthil: How much will this bring the drug down for the end user?
A: Internationally, it is very expensive, about USD 9,000 but these are mostly covered through insurance but in India the market is very different; it would be around Rs 25,000 per injection as I have heard although not confirmed by the management. Though very expensive at the face of it but it is quite a drastic reduction.
Menaka: At Rs 100 crore revenue potential one might say it is a great drug, it might not be a blockbuster sort of revenue earner for Cadila, how would you characterise what the market for this in India is and whether Rs 100 crore represents the true potential of this?
A: This Rheumatoid Arthritis category, which a significant market can actually be subdivided into various other products. In India, we have Enbrel also approved where you have a lot of biosimilars of Enbrel. The generic name is Etanercept and last year Cipla launched it.
RA can also be treated by Infliximab and very recently Ranbaxy also launched it which is a big entry for Ranbaxy in the biosimilar space. So the same disease is actually treated, depending on the severity of the disease by these different products.
Humira - is for the chronic part of it and there the crowding is less. So, it also depends on the physicians, the doctors who are going to recommend the product because this is highly specialised and Cadila has launched it in the prefilled syringe form. So, to have Rs 25,000 per injection itself is a high premium and it will probably see competition within that same bracket of biosimilars like Enbrel or Infliximab.
To that extent they must have done their calculations of the Rs 100 crore in three years. So, it is not like it is completely out of competition, there will be competition of course.
Menaka: Revenue is one way to look at what this means for Cadila but the fact that this is the first time end-to-end biosimilar which has been put together here in India. Does that indicate something more to you in terms of Cadila’s future ability to do more of the same?
A: Yes, it has claimed that it has got a very good pipeline. In fact it is all in coded form, so they have said that next year also we can expect to have two more products in the market. So commercialisation will be definitely very important on how they actually approach the product and how the physicians adopt it.
There are other molecules also. Rituximab of Dr Reddy’s was probably the first to have done an end-to-end from research to manufacturing to commercialisation. Humira as such is definitely a huge achievement so to speak but in terms of the product being end-to-end, it is not the first. There are others in the biosimilar space.
Menaka: Is it the first for Cadila?
A: In the complex monoclonal antibodies, yes it is the first for Cadila. In the MAb space definitely it is the first space.
Menaka: Does this tell us something more about Cadila’s ability to do more of this stuff here on or is this so difficult to duplicate scientific achievements in that sense if at all this is one and therefore this is a one off?
A: No, one good thing about the Indian generics is that they have been actually going in the higher traction of innovation. That way probably this is the start of it. Last year they launched anti-diabetic - again an innovation launch called Saroglitazar, branded as Lipaglyn and this one is again one of that category. In terms of new chemical entities this is a new biologic.
So, the bigger play will be when these products are accepted by the international regulators and that is where the big opportunities unfold and there we know according to our own database there are lots of companies actually vying for that space. We have regulatory uncertainty in US but Europe is very quickly unfolding.
For instance Celltrion of Korea have been moving very fast in that direction, we have a clutch of Indian companies, Dr Reddy’s ,  Biocon now Cadila. That will be the play where we will be watching them very closely.
RELATED NEWS

Italian tractor maker Same Deutz forays into mass segmentHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Italian tractor maker Same Deutz forays into mass segment
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Dec 9:  
Italian tractor manufacturer Same Deutz Fahr (SDF) has made a foray into the 35-42 HP mass market segment in India with the launch of the first product in this category here today.
The new 3E series tractor has been tailor made especially for India, and will be manufactured at wholly owned subsidiary SDF India’s facility at Ranipet in Tamil Nadu. This is the third SDF product in the Indian market.
Francesco Carozza, Vice Chairman, SDF said that the new product will enable the company to compete in a segment in which it earlier has no presence.
With over 600,000 units sold, India was the top market for tractors globally in 2013, and the 32-45 HP range accounted for nearly 35 per cent of the total market.
“With this product, we will have a presence in 90 per cent of the Indian market, he added.
Due for a commercial launch in June 2015, the new 3E series tractor will take SDF’s product strength to three in the Indian market. It will be bench-marked against the Mahindra Swaraj on price, Aurelio Noto, CEO and MD, SDF India said.
As of today, SDF sells its products in the three states of Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu and Madhya Pradesh and plans to invest to strengthen the dealer network. “Next year we will add one more State and start selling in Telegana,” Noto said.
During 2014, SDF India expects to produce and sell nearly 10,000 tractors, of which around 75 per cent will be in overseas markets.
This year, it also will make over 27,000 engines at Ranipet, which following the relocation from Europe, is now the only engine plant worldwide for SDF.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

BSE Sensex falls to near one-month low on weak AsiaMaintain buy on TCS despite cross-currency headwind
Indian markets today plunged to over one-month lows with benchmark Sensex tumbling 322.39 points to end at 27,797.01 on losses in power, metal and capital goods shares amid a sell-off in China and other global markets.
The NSE Nifty tanked 97.55 points to end below 8,400-mark at 8,340.70 as stocks fell for the third straight session.
Fall of global crude prices to five-year lows failed to lift the global sentiment as Chinese stocks dropped over 5 per cent on tighter lending norms and over 1 per cent drop in European indices, said traders.
The BSE 30-share Sensex remained in negative terrain for the major part of the session on sustained selling pressure. It moved between 27,763.82 and 28,157.53 range, before ending with a sharp loss of 322.39 points, or 1.15 per cent, at 27,797.01. This is its weakest close since October 30.
In the previous two sessions, Sensex shed 443.42 points.
The overall market breadth was negative as about 900 stocks rose while over 2,000 scrips fell.
“Sell-offs seen in Asian markets…impacted market sentiments for the day. Brent crude was seen dropping to its fresh 5-year lows, below USD 66 a barrel,” said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Experts said data showing current account deficit widened to USD 10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, in July-September quarter of this fiscal, raised concerns at a time when markets are pricing are strong recovery of the Indian economy.
Sesa Sterlite shares emerged the biggest loser among Sensex components by tumbling over 5 per cent. Shares of state-run ONGC plunged 4.29 per cent.
Other notable laggards include Tata Power, Bharti Airtel, NTPC, Tata Steel, Hindalco, BHEL, L&T, Tata Motors, Wipro, SBI, Cipla, Maruti Suzuki, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank.
Almost all the major Asian stock markets fell after Chinese market tumbled 5.43 per cent, the most since 2009. Indices in Hong Kong and Japan were among the worst-hit.
Sectorally, BSE Power index suffered the most by losing 2.75 per cent, followed by Metal index (2.71 per cent), Capital Goods (2.29 per cent) and Consumer Durables (2.11 per cent) among others. Selling activity in small and midcap also gathered momentum with BSE Smallcap falling 1.59 per cent and Midcap index down 1.57 per cent.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth net Rs 4,984.60 crore yesterday.
Shrikant Chouhan, Head- Technical Research, Kotak Securities:
Today, our markets opened at unchanged levels but unexpected steep weakness in Chinese and other Asian markets had triggered further bearish sentiment in the market. In fact in the absence or delay in positive news flows on the reform side is making impatient to medium term and long term investors. Technically we are of the view that unless and until the market is not approaching to major supports buying may not emerge but it’s a normal correction and investors should use it as an opportunity to buy and traders can take contra view of buying around major supports. In fact, today’s closing is very close to 1st major support, which is around 8300/27700. In case if it fails to sustain above 8300/27700 then the fall may extend up to 8200/27350. However, we are of the view that one should start investing into frontline stocks or index heavy weights with a medium term view (2 to 3months).  We like PSU banks, auto ancillary and pharmaceutical stocks with a medium term view.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

PESB invites fresh applications for Oil India top postPESB invites fresh applications for Oil India top post
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 04:36 PM IST
Government headhunters PESB has invited fresh applications for the top job at Oil India Ltd after it found none of previous six applicants, including the firm's Director (Finance) R S Borah, suitable.
The Public Enterprise Selection Board (PESB) sought applications from candidates with "good academic record" in the age group 45 years to 58 years by January 7.
Persons with Technical/MBA qualifications and having experience in management as well as knowledge of oil industry are desirable, it said in a notice.
Unlike Coal India Ltd, where PESB invited candidates from private sector, the headhunter in case of OIL has gone by the current hiring system from central PSUs and government officials.
PESB had last month interviewed six candidates including Borah, to select a new Chairman and Managing Director of the nation's second biggest state explorer.
After the interview, PESB in a notice said, "The Board decided to see more candidates."
PESB is looking for a successor of incumbent S K Srivastava, who retires on June 30, 2015.
OIL has five full-time board members, including the chairman and managing director. Besides Borah, 55, none of the other three were qualified to appear for the interview.
According to PESB rules, an internal candidate must have at least two years of service left on the date of falling of vacancy, to be eligible for being considered for a board level position. For external candidates, the requirement is of three years.
It is being speculated that ONGC Videsh Ltd Managing Director N K Verma may head OIL, but he may not be eligible as he took over as the chief of Oil and Natural Gas Corp's (ONGC) overseas arm only in August this year and PESB's job-hopping rule prohibit candidates from seeking within one year of appointment to a board.
ONGC Director (Technical) Shashi Shankar, 53, is eligible. Former Cairn India interim chief executive P Elango may be interested and so can be some bureaucrats, industry and government sources said.
Internally, OIL Director S Mahapatra retires on March 2017 but did not have two years of service left on the date of vacancy on May 31, 2015.
The other two Director (Operations) S Rath and Director (HR) N K Bharali too were not eligible as they did not have minimum two years of service left. While Bharali superannuates on January 31, 2015, Rath is to retire four months later.

PM Narendra Modi wins TIME readers Person of the Year onlinepollModi secured more than 16% of the almost five million votes cast and was on Monday named winner of this year’s readers’ poll.
New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 5:11 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 5:37 pm
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not make the shortlist of eight finalists selected by TIME for its annual ‘Person of the Year’ title but has won the publication’s readers’ poll online.
He secured more than 16% of the almost five million votes cast and was on Monday named winner of this year’s readers’ poll.
TIME editors have not picked him among the eight finalists for the 2014 Person of the Year title. The winner will be announced on Wednesday.
TIME said “a strong showing of readers from India” helped drive Modi’s first-place finish. “More people from the country voted than from any other country, with the exception of the United States,” it said.
Protesters in Ferguson, demonstrating against a grand jury’s decision to not indict police officer Darren Wilson who shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in August, ranked second in the readers’ online poll with 9% of the total votes.
The eight ‘editor’s pick’ finalists, announced by TIME editor Nancy Gibbs, include founder and CEO of the Alibaba Group Jack Ma, Apple CEO Tim Cook, pop star Taylor Swift, Ferguson protestors, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ebola caregivers, National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell and President of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq Masoud Barzani.
Readers from more than 225 countries participated in the online poll with US votes leading the tally at 37%, followed by India at 17% and Russia at 12%. Hong Kong protest leader Joshua Wong, Nobel Peace Prize-winner Malala Yousafzai and doctors and nurses treating Ebola rounded out the top five.
The title, that has been awarded by the magazine annually since 1927, goes to the person who “most influenced the news” during the year “for better or worse”.
Modi was among the 50 contenders which included global leaders, business chiefs and pop icons.
In a separate “Face-off” poll, Modi was pitted against Indonesia’s new president Joko Widodo and maintained a significant lead. He garnered 69% votes as against Widodo’s 31%.

Chromecast  Nexus 6 come to India thanks toGOSFBy: Tech Desk | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 5:09 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 1:59 pm
Google on Tuesday launched the Google Chromecast and Nexus 6 in India to kick off the three-day Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) starting on December 10.
The Chromecast will costs Rs 2,999 and and will be available on snapdeal.com and select Airtel stores across India. Airtel is offering Chromecast customers a range of subscription offers. Existing broadband users can access 60GB of data for 3 months when they purchase a Chromecast, while new customers can get the same, and zero activation fee for their new broadband service.
The Chromecast will costs Rs 2,999 and and will be available on snapdeal.com
 
The Nexus 6 from Google & Motorola was also unveiled and will be available to buyers on Google Playstore at Rs 43,999 for the 32GB and Rs 48,999 for the 64GB version. It will be available in Midnight Blue or Cloud White colour options.
Rajan Anandan, Managing Director, Google India said convenience, variety and availability of latest  products across the country were driving the growth of online shopping in India. “We started gosf in 2012 with just 90 partners and in our third year, we have five times more partners participating including many first-time partners like Big Bazaar, Lakme, Van Heusen and Asian Paints. In the last few weeks, over 5 million users have visited to gosf.in site and we are hopeful that many first time buyers will find exciting offers in the Rs 299 corner,” he added.

Islamic State beheads Syrian man in public forblasphemyBy: Reuters | Beirut |
Posted: December 9, 2014 5:02 pm
The militant Islamic State group beheaded a man in northern Syria after accusing him of blasphemy, a militant website and a rights group said on Tuesday.
The man was killed in a public square in the town of Sulouk on Monday in front of a crowd that included children, the British-based Observatory for Human Rights said.
Rights groups say Islamic State has beheaded and stoned to death many people in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq for actions they see as violating their interpretation of Islamic law, such as adultery, stealing and blasphemy. They have also killed a smaller number of foreign captives.
A statement posted on a jihadist website said the man admitted to blasphemy before being killed in the countryside of Raqqa province, which the hardline group controls.
The website included images of crowds at the square. One photo showed a blindfolded man kneeling with his head on a wooden block as a masked man in black raised a sword over his neck.
The Observatory, which tracks the conflict using sources on the ground, said last month that Islamic State had killed 1,432 Syrians off the battlefield since the end of June when it declared a caliphate in the territory under its control.
The group, which is being targeted by US-led strikes in Iraq and Syria, has often displayed bodies in public after the killings.

Hagel in Baghdad to meet with IraqiofficialsBy: Associated Press | Baghdad |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:59 pm
US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel arrived in Baghdad today to consult with Iraqi government officials and confer with US commanders about the campaign to defeat Islamic State fighters.
In remarks to a group of US and Australian soldiers, Hagel said the US wants to help Iraq regain the territory it lost to Islamic State militants earlier this year, but said the only lasting solution must come from the Iraqis themselves.
“In the end, that’s where this all goes,” he said in remarks on an outdoor stage shielded by portable concrete walls at Baghdad International Airport.
“Just as in Afghanistan, it is their country,” Hagel said.
“They have to lead. They are the ones that are going to have to be responsible for end results.”
Hagel said the Baghdad government must bring the country together after disastrous years of sectarian division that undermined much of what the US did to train Iraqi security forces.
“The inclusiveness of a government that all their people can join and be part of and have confidence in and trust in is going to be essential to their future,” he said.
On what is expected to be his last overseas trip as Pentagon chief, Hagel landed at the airport under tight security. He is the first US defense secretary to visit Iraq since Leon Panetta was here in December 2011 to mark the end of the US military mission.
Hagel said yesterday during a visit to Kuwait that he believes Iraq’s security forces have gained a new momentum, thanks in part to sustained US airstrikes against Islamic State militants.
The US is committed to helping Iraq roll back the territorial gains the militants made earlier this year, but President Barack Obama has ruled out sending American ground combat forces. He maintains that any lasting solution in Iraq can only be carried out by a newly unified Iraqi government.
At the peak of the war in Iraq the US had about 170,000 troops in the country. When it pulled out, in December 2011, US officials said they believed Iraq was on track to long-term stability. There are about 1,650 US troops in Iraq now.
Hagel was scheduled to meet in Baghdad with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and other government officiais.
During his stop in Kuwait, Hagel said the Islamic State group remains a formidable threat, not only to Iraq but also to neighboring Iran and other countries in the region. He repeated the US government’s policy of not coordinating military action in Iraq with Iran, but he also suggested that Iran has reason to be concerned about the long-term ambitions of the Islamic State.

Facebook offers Rs 2 cr package to IIT-BombaygirlJaipur |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:55 pm
An IIT-Bombay student has claimed to have received a job offer of two crore rupees from the social networking site Facebook.
Aastha Agrawal (20), a fourth-year student of Computer Science at IIT-B, had completed her third-year internship in the company’s headquarters in California in May-June this year following which the company gave her the pre-placement offer.
“I am very happy and excited with the offer and will join in the Headquarters after completing my 8th semester,” Aastha, who is home in Jaipur for winter vacations, said.
She said the company was satisfied with her work during the internship and offered her the job soon after and added that she will be joining the job in October next year.
Her father, Ashok Agrawal, is executive engineer at Rajasthan Vidyut Prasaran Nigam Limited (RVPNL) here whereas her elder sister is a chemical engineer.
Aastha had secured seventh-rank in state in National Talent Search Examination in school and also won silver medal in International Junior Science Olympiad. She had also been selected to represent India at the Junior Science International Olympiad in 2009.

See mkt support at 8250; correction long overdue: Experts02:30 pm
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, CK Narayan of Growth Avenues, Neeraj Deewan of Quantum Securities along with Devang Mehta of Anand Rathi Financial Services shared their outlook on various stock specific bets and where the market is headed hereon.
Narayan believes the breakdown in the market is only from a short-term view. Furthermore, he feels no buying emerging at the lower levels is bit of a change from the norm.
Going ahead, he sees longer-term trendline support for Nifty at 8250. In addition, he feels Bank Nifty should see some amount of support emerging at 18200-18250 in the banking counters.
Meanwhile, Mehta believes the market was getting too complacent with all stocks shooting upwards. However, investors must now shift to good quality stocks.
Concurring the view, Deewan says the correction in the market is welcomed and long overdue.
Below is the verbatim transcript of CK Narayan's interview:
Q: We were talking to you over the weekend, does this surprise you the kind of shorting that we are seeing in the market and the fact that there is absolutely no buying which is emerging at lower levels?
A: There has been some amount of selling that we saw on Friday but then on Friday we probably attributed it to the general weekend profit taking. However the fact that there has been follow through on Monday and very clearly today and there is complete absence of buying as you rightly mentioned, it seems to indicate that certain set of people are indeed taking profits. This could probably be the institutional set, the FIIs have been a little bit on the sell side anyway. So, not really surprising considering that the levels are high and most of the events are out of the way, we don’t have anything to go for a couple of months, so I think some profit taking was on order but then all of us were just waiting for when it would emerge and it seems to have emerged from lets say Monday onwards. So, not really surprising but the fact that no buying is emerging at the lower levels is bit of a change from the norm because we used to see that buying emerge at the end of the day which has not been the case today.
Q: Is this a breakdown on the Nifty at least for the time being and how far can it take us down?
A: If you were to call it a breakdown it will be surely only from a very short term perspective. The longer-term trendline supports if you were to use lets say simplest of measures that lies somewhere around 8250 and until that significant support goes away you can't really call it a breakdown which is of a meaningful nature. In the shorter term it is a breakdown for traders of one day to three day kind of nature and this has a potential for let's say about 8350 at the minimum or if the selling were to continue then 8250 perhaps.
Q: What about the bank Nifty, what is the level that you are watching out for? It has corrected quite a bit from the recent highs?
A: Banks were the ones where most of the traders had long positions and we can very clearly see that those longs are getting pressured and that is sending the index also downward. Most of the PSU banks have also come in for a hit today. So, I think we have substantial put positions which have been created at about 18000 levels. So, I don’t believe we will drop down as far as that. Around 18200-18250 we should be seeing some amount of support emerge in the banking counters.
Q: What is your call on ONGC? That is one stock which quite clearly is getting rough end of the stick both ways. How would you approach this stock?
A: The bigger pressure on that is the likely OFS – the additional supply and what is the pricing which will happen etc. More or less I think the oil play like you rightly pointed out is being concentrated on HPCL and the others are not really witnessing the kind of traction that they should have otherwise got. I think ONGC is in for a bit of a stick. However it has dropped down quite significantly. So, unless the market really goes for a tumble I don’t really see ONGC really tanking any further from here in any significant manner. It might just follow along with the rest of the market.
Q: The other space that is bleeding clearly is telecom. In the morning I was reading a report from Bank of America Merrill Lynch that Reliance Jio\\'s entry is really going to disturb the sector. On a technical basis how would you approach Bharti and Idea?
A: Bharti and Idea are both really ranging stocks. They have to be played only when the markets are good on the bullish side. Otherwise they are at levels where they are not really participating significantly on the downsides particularly Idea. If you see the very longer term chart when Bharti hit down to those low levels somewhere around Rs 325 and all that it did make a long term bottom but it is more certainly under pressure for today. At about Rs 350-340 levels I would not turn very bearish on Bharti. The only play in the telecom sector if one needs to make it would be in Tata Communications. I think that particular report also referred to the fact that we should be buying Bharti Infra and may be Tata Communications. I think this is the only play. Bharti and Idea are plays strictly for a ranging market and when the times are good, may be for one or two day kind of trades for active traders on both sides of the market but not really for bigger players at least not for now.
RELATED NEWS

Key reasons crude is crumblingkey reasons crude is crumbling
Greek stocks plummet on fear of political crisis...and
versions
ATHENS, Greece (AP) — Greek shares suffered their worst hammering in nearly three decades Tuesday, on concerns the country is heading for a political crisis that could jeopardize its vital bailout program.
The Athens benchmark index fell 12.8 percent, the biggest one-day drop since 1987, after the conservative-led government brought forward the date of a presidential vote that, if inconclusive, will lead to general elections.
Investors fear the main left-wing opposition party, Syriza, which is leading in the polls, might win the general election. Syriza has said it will demand a substantial cut to what Greece owes in bailout loans if it is elected.
Economist Megan Greene said the country's bailout creditors — the European Union and the International Monetary Fund — are not going to stand for that, and Syriza leader Alexis Tsipras would probably end up falling in line with them.
"The downside to that is that I think half his party will rebel as a result," said Greene, chief economist at Manulife Asset Management. That would lead to further political chaos and possibly another election, leaving the economy rudderless just as it tries to recover.
Greek government bonds also took a hit Tuesday, with the 10-year yield rising 0.84 percentage points to 7.98 percent, a sign of investor wariness.
Analyst Theodore Krintas said international investors, who account for up to 70 percent of daily transactions in the Greek market, opted to "just sell and get out."
"And I think this explains the magnitude, the extent that we see the losses of the Athens stock exchange today," added Krintas, the managing director of Attica Wealth Management.
Although Syriza has softened past rhetoric, it hasn't clarified whether it would resort to a unilateral default on the rescue loans. While that would lighten Greece's debt burden, it could have other server repercussions. It might, for example, spook international investors away from lending money to the country for years, hurting its ability to get back on its feet financially. Some suggested it could cause the country to fall out of the euro union.
Greece's president is a figurehead with minimal political clout. But the election requires a super-majority that would include backing by some lawmakers from the overall hostile opposition, which appears beyond the reach of the struggling governing coalition. If three successive votes, from Dec. 17-29, prove fruitless, general elections must be called by early February — nearly a year-and-a-half ahead of schedule.
In a televised address Tuesday, Prime Minister Antonis Samaras nominated Stavros Dimas, a senior figure in his conservative party and former EU commissioner for the environment, as the government's presidential candidate.
All opposition parties said they would not back him, or any candidate the government puts forth, to force national elections.
Syriza's Tsipras said the final presidential vote, on Dec. 29, would signify the end of the governing coalition's "catastrophic" austerity policies.
"At last, this year we will have every reason to wish a happy New Year," he said.
The bulk of Greece's 240 billion euros ($294 billion) in loans — those from the EU — run out this year. The last batch has still not been paid, however, as Greece and the EU disagree on whether Athens should impose more austerity cuts to qualify.
European finance ministers on Monday gave Greece a two-month extension on the bailout so they can complete the talks. Just after that, the Greek government said it was bringing forward the date of the presidential election by about two months to strengthen its negotiating position and avoid protracted uncertainty.
Analyst Holger Schmieding at Berenberg Bank said that since the financial crisis, the eurozone is much better equipped to handle a Greek "accident." It has a bailout fund and the European Central Bank has committed to buy the bonds of troubled countries, if needed. That could help keep the trouble in Greece from hurting confidence in other countries.
Schmieding argued that nobody knows what Syriza would do in power. "Would they really implement their wild proposals and go down in history as the party that killed the incipient recovery and crashed Greece out of the euro?" he said. "That uncertainty would weigh heavily on markets."
___
David McHugh in Frankfurt, Germany, contributed to this report.

Nuts! Korean flight delayed by first class spat...and
versions
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Forget dust-ups over reclining seats in economy class. There's a new and exclusive twist on inflight anger: Nut rage in first class.
A recent Korean Air flight was delayed when its chairman's daughter, who was also vice president responsible for cabin service at the airline, ordered a senior crew member off the plane. His crime? Allowing her and other passengers in the pointy end of the aircraft to be served bagged macadamia nuts instead of nuts on a plate.
The executive, Cho Hyun-ah, resigned Tuesday amid a storm of public criticism in South Korea. The airline had earlier excused her behavior even as it apologized for inconveniencing passengers. It said she will no longer serve as head of cabin service but will retain other executive roles at the airline and its affiliate businesses.
South Korean media reported this week that the flight from New York to Incheon, South Korea, returned to the gate after Cho told the head of the cabin crew to leave the plane. The reports said Cho quarreled with crew in the first-class cabin and the flight departed 20 minutes late.
Cho, 40, is the oldest child of Korean Air's chairman, tycoon Cho Yang-ho. Her two siblings are also executives at South Korea's largest airline.
The incident caused an uproar in South Korea where it was seen as an example of over-mighty behavior by the offspring of the moneyed elite.
The South Korean economy is dominated by family-controlled conglomerates known as chaebol. Family members often wield greater influence over major companies than shareholders and executives with no blood ties to the founding family. The Cho family owns about 10 percent of Korean Air Lines Co., part of a business empire than spans the travel, logistics, hotel and leisure industries.
Korean Air confirmed that Flight 86 was delayed at John F. Kennedy airport on Dec. 5 due to the nut incident. But the company said the decision to disembark the crew member was made by the flight's captain.
South Korea's government said it is investigating whether Cho violated aviation safety law. Cho could face legal action if the probe shows that she interrupted the flight or endangered safety by using threats, her status or violence.
Korean Air said Tuesday before Cho's resignation that it was "natural" for her to fault the crew's ignorance of procedures.
The airline's cabin crew is required to ask first-class passengers whether they want nuts, partly to avoid serving them to people with allergies. The nuts also should have been served on a plate.
The airline said it will step up training to improve customer service and safety. It denied a Yonhap news report that the crew member forced to leave the flight had been suspended. A spokeswoman said the man was taking a vacation.
Cho was not available for comment.
People's Solidarity for Participatory Democracy, a civic group, said it would file a complaint against Cho with prosecutors.
"The anger and the concern from the public were so big because safety and procedures related to important services were simply ignored" due to Cho's status, the group said.

Ahead of the Bell: US wholesale inventories... 
December 9, 2014 06:39 AM EST | Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Commerce Department reports on wholesale stockpiles in October. The report is scheduled for release at 10 a.m. EST Tuesday.
STOCKPILES STEADY: The expectation of economists polled by the data firm FactSet is that stockpiles held by wholesale businesses was unchanged in October, and that sales by these businesses slipped 0.1 percent.
INVENTORY GAIN: In September, U.S. wholesale businesses posted a moderate gain in their restocking while sales edged up slightly after a big decline in August.
If businesses cut back on their inventories, it often signals concern about future sales. Swings in inventories can have a big impact on overall economic growth. A big rise in inventory building in the April-June quarter contributed 1.4 percentage points to growth during that period. However, businesses slowed stockpiling in the third quarter and that subtracted 0.1 percentage point from growth.
Economists believe inventory growth will be a small negative holding back growth in the current October-December quarter.
The economy posted a healthy growth rate of 3.9 percent in the July-September period.
While analysts are looking for growth to slow to around 2.5 percent in the current quarter, they expect the economy next year will turn in its best performance in a decade, growing by around 3.1 percent.
Economists believe that steady job gains this year paired with big declines in energy prices will boost consumer spending.

Police question Uber after India rape allegation...and
versions
NEW DELHI (AP) — Indian police questioned an Uber executive Tuesday about the company's claim it conducts comprehensive background checks and a top official called for the taxi-booking service to be banned nationwide after one of its New Delhi drivers was accused of rape.
New Delhi police official Brijendra Kumar Yadav said there is a possibility of criminal charges against the company if police find evidence the taxi-hailing app misrepresented the safety of its service.
The driver, 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav, is being held by police and will appear again in a New Delhi court on Thursday. A 26-year-old woman who hired Yadav for a ride home from a dinner engagement Friday night accused him of rape.
"What we are doing is trying to ascertain what knowledge Uber had of this person," said the police official Yadav, who is unrelated to the suspect. Police had questioned Uber's general manager in India, Gagan Bhatia, for a second day about the company's operations. They were also investigating whether the driver may have presented false documents to Uber, according to Press Trust of India.
The case, almost two years after a young woman was fatally gang raped on a bus in the capital, has renewed national anger over sexual violence in India and demands for more effort to ensure women's safety. It is also a blow for Uber, which has attracted praise and controversy around the world with a service based on hailing taxis from a smartphone app.
India's home minister called for all Indian states and territories to ban Uber following a ban on the service in New Delhi on Monday.
Uber has faced restrictions in other countries after licensed taxi operators claimed the service was competing unfairly. Uber's drivers are independent contractors using private cars rather than licensed cabs. Separately, Thailand on Tuesday said it was illegal for private cars to be used as taxis and threatened fines of $60 for each violation.
Police said the chief suspicion against Uber comes from a statement on its web site saying "every ridesharing and livery driver is thoroughly screened through a rigorous process we've developed using constantly improving standards."
Yadav said this could not be the case because Uber's drivers did not have the special badges that police issue to taxi drivers proving they have cleared background checks.  He said Uber and other services that operate online platforms linking drivers with customers are registered in India as technology businesses rather than transport companies.
"We need to find out if they have any formulated procedures to honor the promise" of a safe service, he said. "In this case, the victim was going home quite late at night. People don't take any extra safety precautions because they rely on the promise that is made to them."
The police official acknowledged, however, the possibility that a background check might not have uncovered anything problematic.
Police are still trying to verify the suspect's claims that he had been acquitted of rape charges in 2011, after spending seven months in jail. If acquitted, it would not be on his record.
Uber said in a statement it only uses registered for-hire drivers who have a valid license. It did not address the subject of police-issued badges.
India's Transportation Minister criticized the New Delhi ban on Uber, suggesting it was an unfair response to the tragedy and that some of the blame lies with the Indian system.
"Tomorrow, if something happens on a bus we can't ban that. It is the system that needs to be changed. Banning will only cause inconvenience to the people," Nitin Gadkari told reporters.
He called for a digitized system to track driver licenses and allow everyone's record to be viewed.
Uber, which had launched in 10 Indian cities including New Delhi and the financial capital Mumbai, is valued at about $40 billion after a recent investment by venture capitalists. The company, which takes a cut of fares, promises a quicker response time that is often less than 10 minutes. Drivers respond using their own Uber-provided smartphones mounted on the dashboard and follow a GPS map to an exact location.
___
Follow Katy Daigle on Twitter at twitter.com/katydaigle

Hiring to begin at auto glass plant at ex-GM site... 
December 9, 2014 06:17 AM EST | Associated Press
DAYTON, Ohio (AP) — A Chinese company is beginning to hire at an automotive glass-making plant in southwest Ohio expected to provide more than 800 jobs and revitalize a former General Motors factory site.
Fuyao (FWEE'-ow) Glass Industry Group Co. paid $15 million for the former auto plant in Moraine and plans a $230 million investment.
The Dayton Daily News reports (http://bit.ly/1GdI7jF) the company announced plans to fill 430 salaried and production workers by spring, with the first information sessions Wednesday at Sinclair Community College.
The company hopes to have 630 employees in place by the end of next year and eventually employee 800 to 1,000 people.
The plant will primarily produce windshields, sunroofs and side windows
The GM assembly plant employed 1,100 workers when it closed in late 2008.
___
Information from: Dayton Daily News, http://www.daytondailynews.com

BMW in top leadership shake-up...and
versions
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — BMW shook up its top leadership Tuesday, saying that CEO Norbert Reithofer would leave his post to become chairman of the board as part of "generational change" at the head of the German luxury automaker.
The end of Reithofer's tenure as CEO, combined with the departure of a key manager for rival Volkswagen, means significant turnover in the executive team at the Munich-based maker of the X5 sport utility and the 3-Series sedan.
Reithofer, 58, is to be replaced by 49-year-old BMW production executive Harald Krueger.
The company said the changes were "steps taken to initiate a generational change" in the CEO and chairman's jobs.
Shaking things up further for BMW, Volkswagen announced it had poached top BMW executive Herbert Diess.
Diess, 56, held the crucial post of product development — responsible for renewing the model lineup that the company's business depends on. He will now take charge of the Volkswagen brand for Wolfsburg-based VW, whose brands also include Audi, Skoda, SEAT and Lamborghini. VW called Diess "one of the most capable minds in the automotive industry."
By taking over the flagship brand, Diess was immediately seen as a potential successor to Volkswagen AG CEO Martin Winterkorn. He will not take his new post until Oct. 1, Volkswagen said.
BMW said it was replacing Diess as development head with 54-year-old Klaus Froehlich, who most recently was in charge of small and medium-sized models.
Reithofer has headed BMW since 2006 and has seen it through steady profits, strong margins and expansion of its business in China.
His replacement as CEO, Krueger, joined the company as a trainee in 1992 and worked his way through several top jobs. He was responsible for the company's MINI brand and its motorcycles before becoming production chief in 2013. He has also been project engineer for the plant in Spartanburg, South Carolina, in the 1990s and director of engine production at Hams Hall in the U.K.
The Munich-based company said in a statement that Reithofer will replace board chairman Joachim Milberg, 71, at the shareholder meeting on May 13.
Shares in BMW, or Bayerische Motoren Werke AG, were off 1.6 percent at 89.23 euros amid generally falling shares in afternoon trading in Europe.

Cadila launches cheaper copy of top-selling drug in IndiaCadila launches cheaper copy of top-selling drug in India
Lower fuel cost  excise duty relief propel car sales in NovLower fuel cost  excise duty relief propel car sales in Nov
Finance Ministry declines to disclose information on black money probe: ReportsFinance Ministry declines to disclose information on black money probe: Reports
Sensex plunges 322 points to settle below 28 000Sensex plunges 322 points to settle below 28 000
IIT-Bombay student bags Rs 2 crore package from FacebookHi Guest
IIT-Bombay student bags Rs 2 crore package from Facebook
Image: Aastha Agrawal. Photograph: Courtesy, Student Media Body of IIT Bombay (www.insightiitb.org).     An IIT-Bombay student has claimed to have received a job offer of Rs 2 crore (Rs 20 million) from the social networking site Facebook. Aastha Agrawal (20), a fourth-year student of Computer Science at IIT-B, had completed her third-year internship in the company’s headquarters in California in May-June this year following which the company gave her the ...

RIL to transfer textile business to new entity  to form JV with Chinese companyRIL inks pacts to form JV with China's Ruyi group
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 05:16 PM IST
Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) India and China’s Shandong Ruyi Science and Technology Group Co Ltd — the latter through its wholly owned subsidiary — have executed definitive agreements for a joint venture in textiles. According to the definitive agreements, RIL will transfer its existing textile business into a newly incorporated company, for which RIL will receive cash consideration. RIL will own a majority 51% in the proposed JV, while the rest will be owned by Ruyi. The proposed transaction is subject to requisite approvals.
RIL’s existing textile business is its founding business and operates under the well-known Vimal brand. It has a prominent presence in the Indian textile market, especially in the worsted and synthetic suiting fabric segments.
Ruyi, a leading textile company in China with revenues in excess of $3 billion, has a global presence — in America, Europe, Japan, Australia and New Zealand, besides China. It has a portfolio of renowned brands like Taylor & Lodge, Harris Tweed, Royal Ruyi China, Nogara Italy and Indios Italy.
The RuYi group includes Renown Inc (founded in 1902 and listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange), which owns or operates several leading brands like Aquascutum, Simple Life, Ensuite, Mano, addenda, CHARGE, next eye, D’urban and Intermezzo. It also operates in India under the Georgia Gullini brand in the worsted suiting segment. This business operation and activities would get realigned to strengthen the JV.
The JV will build on RIL’s existing textile business and wide distribution network in India, as well as Ruyi’s technology and global reach. It will benefit from the strength of the Vimal and Georgia Gullini brands and plans to introduce some of Ruyi’s well-known brands.
Nikhil R Meswani, RIL’s executive director, said: “Our JV with Ruyi will help Reliance reposition its textile business on a high growth path. Our partner’s deep commitment and global reach in textile business will enable this JV to harness the growth potential of the Indian market and emerge as a global textile player”.
Qiu Yafu, chairman, Shandong Ruyi Group, said: “With closer economic relations between China and India and the Ruyi group’s expanding global presence in the textile sector, we see our JV with Reliance as a significant event for the group. We truly believe in the bright future of this JV”.

Greek shares fall 10.7% on snap electionLast updated: December 9, 2014 7:21 pm
Snap election in Greece reignites fears for eurozone
Elaine Moore and Robin Wigglesworth in London, Kerin Hope in Athens and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4db45c9c-7f95-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Should You Roll Over Your 401(k) It DependsEmail
For many people whose nest eggs are socked away in 401(k) plans or individual  retirement accounts, the time comes when they wonder if they should roll over  their money to a different type of tax-advantaged option.
Many considerations come into play, depending on the specific situation. But  one of the most common scenarios involves workers who have left jobs where they  had 401(k) plans.
According to data from the Investment Company Institute, 51 percent of  households owning traditional IRAs have rolled over funds from  employer-sponsored retirement plans.
"The first thing they need to do is stop and take stock of their situation,"  said Laurie Siebert, a certified financial planner with Valley National Group.  "What I often see is people in a panic situation if they were laid off or they  moved and they react too quickly." Instead, she said, "they should stop  and think about their options." 
KAREN BLEIER / AFP/Getty Images
When it comes to rolling over your 401(k), it's best not to rush into things. It could cost you.
One of the available alternatives lends itself to that advice: An  ex-employee can leave the money in the legacy 401(k) if the balance totals at  least $5,000.
Exceptions to the rule
Those plans "have certain benefits and rules that people need to pay  attention to before they move their money," Siebert said. "Don't just roll it  over [to an IRA] right away."
While advisors typically recommend never taking early withdrawals from a  401(k), a couple of life situations illustrate the importance of evaluating the  rules. 
Federal law allows an ex-employee to tap a portion of the money penalty-free  in a divorce situation or if he or she leaves a job exactly at age 55. If the  money is rolled over to an IRA, that benefit is lost.
Early distributions before age 59½ usually result in a 10 percent penalty.  
Once you've made the choice to roll over your 401(k) funds, your options are  to move the money to your new employer's 401(k)—if it accepts rollovers—or put  the money in a traditional or Roth IRA.
Contributions to a traditional IRA are tax-deductible within certain income  limits, and withdrawals are taxable. The benefit of a Roth IRA is that  withdrawals are tax-free; however, contributions are not. 
"If you convert your money to a Roth IRA, you pay taxes on the contribution  today," Siebert said. "You want to make the conversion when you are in the  lowest tax bracket you expect to be in."
Another option is to roll over the 401(k) into a traditional IRA as a kind of  resting point. You can then choose later to roll portions of that IRA into a  Roth, once a year, thereby spreading out your tax burden.
Video: Should you fund your retirement or save for an emergency? Do you pay high interest rate or low balance credit cards off first? Find out the best moves for your money. A couple drowning on debt can't get on the same page when it comes to their money. Vi...
Easing into a Roth
"Nibble at it," said Charles Sachs, a certified financial planner with  Private Wealth Counsel. "Move it, as you need to, into a Roth IRA."
This applies whether the money in the traditional IRA ended up there as a  401(k) rollover or as original contributions.
Some 401(k) plans now also offer 401(k) Roths, allowing what's known as  in-plan Roth conversion. The same tax considerations apply to these as they do  Roth IRAs.
Another benefit of rolling over your 401(k) to an IRA is access to potential  lower-cost investment options. 
"Most 401(k) plans are going to limit your choice of investments," said  Daniel Lash, a certified financial planner with VLP Financial Advisors. "In an  IRA, depending on where you open it—say, at a discount brokerage—you can invest  in almost anything."
Additionally, rolling your 401(k) dollars into an IRA helps you keep track of  where all your retirement money is. 
According to data from the U.S. Labor Department, the median time spent at  one job is fewer than five years. Moreover, the number of workers at least 25  years old who have been with the same company 10 years or more stands at just  29.2 percent.
So if you leave your 401(k) every time you leave a company, you might, after  a couple of decades, have a half-dozen 401(k) accounts floating around. If  you've changed addresses in that time and have failed to notify your 401(k)  provider, you might stop receiving statements from the plans. 
Avoid restrictions
"Before you know it, you won't even be quite sure where your money is," Lash  said.
Rolling savings over into a new employer's plan also provides this benefit  but may not deliver the same lower-cost investment choices. 
"Most of the time, it makes sense to not stick it in a 401(k) plan that is  restrictive," said Sachs at Private Wealth Counsel.
Financial advisors generally agree that no matter how meager your nest egg  might seem, if you are under age 59½, relocating it to another retirement  account is far wiser than pocketing the money and facing a tax  hit.
"It's fairly common for people to just take the cash," Lash said. "But that's  the last thing anyone should do."
If they choose to take a cash withdrawal, they are taxed twice: 100 percent  of the money is taxed as regular income, and they also must pay a 10 percent  penalty. 
Also keep in mind that companies are permitted to kick you out of their plan  if less than $1,000 is in your account. If they cut you a check, they will  automatically withhold 20 percent of it for taxes.
If you have between $1,000 and $5,000, companies can give you the boot, but  must roll the money into an IRA for you.
The bottom line is that with the options available and the differences among  individual life situations, pausing to think for a moment before rolling over  your money is worth it.
"If you're going to do this on your own, it can be okay," Sachs said. "But at  least make sure you understand exactly what makes sense for  you."
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Alibaba and Tencent heads buy into Ping AnAlibaba and Tencent chairmen buy Ping An shares
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai and Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a7eec4c-7928-11e4-a57d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A mixed bag from the chancellor© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a77cb9c-7b05-11e4-b630-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Infosys appoints John Etchemendy as independent directorUpdated: December 4, 2014 23:47 IST
Infosys appoints John Etchemendy as independent director
Staff Reporter
company information
Infosys, on Thursday, appointed John W. Etchemendy as an independent member of its board of directors.
He is the current Provost of Stanford University, which is the alma mater of the company's CEO Vishal Sikka. He is also a faculty member of the Symbolic Systems Program and a senior researcher at the Center for the Study of Language and Information (CSLI).

Warren Buffett Bets Big On Hillary ClintonWarren Buffett, Reluctant PAC Man, Is Ready for Hillary
Dec 4, 2014 3:45 PM EST
The world's third richest man makes his first-ever donation to an independent political group aligned with a candidate.
Lisa Lerer t llerer
Warren Buffett has said he's willing to “put money” on Hillary Clinton winning the 2016 presidential race. Turns out, he really meant it. 
The Oracle of Omaha gave the maximum donation allowed to Ready for Hillary last quarter, his first-ever check to the sort of independent political groups that he's scorned in the past. Buffett, who is the third richest man in the world, gave $25,000, the most any individual can donate under the committee's self-imposed cap, according to a person familiar with Ready for Hillary's post-election financial disclosure report. The group has raised more than $11 million to finance its efforts to lay the groundwork for a Clinton presidential campaign. Their latest report is due to be filed with the Federal Election Commission by midnight Thursday. 
The contribution marks a major shift for one of the country's most famous business leaders, who's long been known in Democratic circles as a bit of a political tightwad. Though he's given hundreds of thousands to party committees and candidates, Buffett has shunned super-political action committees and other groups that can take unlimited sums. Last cycle, he headlined fundraisers for Obama’s re-election, though he rebuffed solicitations by Priorities USA Action, a super-PAC supporting the president. “I don’t want to see democracy go in that direction,” he said in May 2012 when asked at his company's annual shareholder meeting about his position on giving to outside groups. “You have to take a stand some place.”
“Hillary is going to win, yeah.”
Warren Buffett
Though he supported both Democratic candidates during the 2008 race, Buffett has long been an outspoken Clinton supporter, starting with his backing for her Senate campaign in 2000. Just days after President Barack Obama's re-election, Buffett told CNN that there wasn't anyone better qualified than Clinton for the job in 2016. He also said donating to super-PACs was simply “wrong,”  an opinion that he apparently no longer holds. “Hillary is going to win, yeah,” he said at Fortune's Most Powerful Women Summit in October. “I will bet money on it. And I don't do that easily.”
Also on Bloomberg Politics: Clinton Jumps Into Race Debate, Says Americans Must Face 'Hard Truths'
Other notable donors to the group, which operates in a similar fashion as a super-PAC, include Irene Hirano, the widow of late Hawaiian Senator Daniel Inouye; former New York Representative Ed Towns; and John Zaccaro Jr., the son of Geraldine Ferraro, the first woman to run on a major presidential ticket.
Ready for Hillary has no official ties to Clinton. But the group has become a campaign-in-waiting for the former secretary of state, amassing a list of 3 million supporters. The organization plans to begin shutting down as soon as Clinton formally announces—if she decides to run, of course. It will make its list of backers available to her campaign, giving Clinton the type of infrastructure any candidate would covet. “We will be at or beyond on Day One of the Clinton campaign, if and when it comes, where we ended up last time,” Jerry Crawford, an Iowa lawyer who's advised Clinton's 2008 presidential campaigns, told reporters at a Ready for Hillary donor summit in New York last month.
In a sign that Ready for Hillary doesn't anticipate closing its doors in the immediate future, organizers took out a $1 million loan—which they plan to repay by March—to expand its direct mail operation, according to the documents. Letters touting its work on behalf of Clinton are being sent to every zip code in the country, according to a strategist involved with the operation, and the investment has doubled their number of donors who give an average of $10 more than those online.
Typically, the mail pieces include a pledge card, photo of Clinton being sworn in as secretary of state, and a solicitation letter from Craig Smith, a long-time Clinton confidant and adviser to Ready for Hillary. “In 2012, Republicans saw that an early, strong organization helped re-elect President Obama. They ignored it then, but I’m sure they won’t make that foolish mistake again,” writes Smith. “I believe we owe it to Hillary to show her we’ve got her back.”

Gold Prices fall on global cuesNEW DELHI, December 5, 2014
Updated: December 5, 2014 11:59 IST
Gold Prices fall on global cues
PTI
bullion
Gold prices fell by Rs 96 to Rs 26,253 per 10 grams in futures market on Friday as speculators offloaded their positions amid a weak global trend.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in current month contract fell by Rs 96, or 0.36 per cent, to Rs 26,253 per 10 grams in a business turnover of one lot.
Similarly, the yellow metal for delivery in February next year lost Rs 76, or 0.29 per cent, to Rs 26,560 per 10 grams in 205 lots.
Analysts said the fall in gold futures was mostly due to a weakening trend in the global market before US payrolls data that may show employers added more workers last month, boosting the case for an increase in borrowing costs in the largest economy.
Meanwhile, gold in Singapore dropped 0.2 per cent to USD 1,203.51 an ounce.

What CEOs Really Want When They Complain About  UncertaintyWhat CEOs Really Want When They Complain About 'Uncertainty'
Posted:
reddit
Congress is back in session, and corporate America’s favorite excuse is back in action.
Uncertainty is once again hampering executive decision-making and holding back economic growth, Randall Stephenson, the chairman of AT&T and the Business Rountable , told the New York Times in an article ominously headlined “Uncertainty in Washington Poses Long List of Economic Perils.”
This is a common complaint from CEOs. It's a complaint that always gets far more credence than it deserves for two reasons: Reporters and policy makers take the complaints of CEOs themselves as evidence of actual economic harm, and some studies purport to show that uncertainty has in fact hurt the economy.
It turns out, however, that when CEOs complain about “uncertainty,” what they really mean is “more corporate tax cuts, please.” And all the evidence suggests that a common side effect of curing uncertainty -- government austerity -- is far more harmful than uncertainty itself.
Earlier this week the Business Roundtable said its index tracking the economic outlook of CEOs has dropped and now predicts a 2.5 percent economic growth rate next year, unchanged from 2014. In a press release, Stephenson said “the economy ended the year essentially where it started – performing below its potential."
And he offered this predictable prescription: "Congress and the Administration should act now on tax extenders and Trade Promotion Authority to encourage additional business investment.”
That’s an amazingly honest statement: Uncertainty is hurting the economy, therefore we need a fresh round of corporate tax breaks and trade negotiations.
Fascinatingly, more CEOs told the Business Roundtable they were planning on increasing hiring than last quarter. This suggests that, while certain tax-dependent decisions must wait for tax policy to be sorted out, the underlying revenue streams of the businesses represented by the Roundtable are in no way endangered by action, or a lack thereof, in Washington.
Research purporting to document uncertainty's negative effects isn't much more convincing than the worrying from the executive suite. A paper cited by the Times and written by the private research firm Macroeconomic Advisers for the Peterson Foundation -- a group founded by private equity billionaire Pete Peterson that is devoted to lowering the national debt by cutting benefits -- found that uncertainty plus reduced government spending cut 1 percent from economic growth from 2010 to 2013. Reduced spending accounted for 0.7 of that 1 percent. That’s not uncertainty at work, it’s just bad fiscal policy hurting the economy.
And what about that remaining 0.3 percent of annual growth that was supposedly lost because of uncertainty? Macroeconomic Advisers claims it came from lower stock prices and higher borrowing costs. In an email to The Huffington Post, Macroeconomic Advisers' Joel Prakken said "the link between capital costs and GDP is standard macro fare," and that policy uncertainty was "highly correlated with financial risk premiums."
The recovery has had many problems, but a depressed stock market and high borrowing costs are not among them. Sure, there have been some bumps along the way, but major stock indexes have more than doubled in the past five years, while borrowing costs for companies and consumers have stayed near record lows.
And it's quite a stretch to suggest that a few, short-term points shaved off the S&P 500 or a few basis points added to extremely low interest rates for some companies caused a 0.3 percent drop in gross domestic product. The relationship between economic growth and funding costs for corporate borrowers is a standard claim but a tenuous one .
Another paper , by the Kansas City Fed, claimed uncertainty cost the U.S. economy more than 8,000 jobs per month from 2010 to 2013. To quantify uncertainty, it used the VIX, an index that measures volatility in the stock market.
That’s an odd choice: Stock-market volatility does not represent the decisions of people in different sectors of the economy. The VIX is people and algorithms (lots of algorithms) talking to each other about stock prices. It can tell you something, but it doesn’t tell you much about the decisions of, say, a regional purchasing manager at a national grocery chain.
The Kansas City Fed also found that jobs were lost as a result of episodes, like the 2013 debt-ceiling debacle, that led to government spending cuts. But it didn't distinguish whether the job losses were caused by uncertainty or by the spending cuts that ended the uncertainty.
The idea that government spending cuts had a negative impact on the recovery is not new. Former Fed chairman Ben Bernanke repeatedly pointed out that fiscal policy during much of the recovery was " counterproductive .”
The recovery has not been held back by a vague notion of uncertainty. On the contrary, it’s been the certainty with which bad policies have been passed that has hurt the recovery. When it comes to CEOs using uncertainty as a code for more corporate tax breaks, it’s best to take Matt Ygelsias’ advice and stop listening to the policy advice of successful businessmen just because they are successful businessmen.
More:

EPFO to discuss equity investment proposal on Dec 19EPFO trustees to discuss equity investment proposal in Dec 19 meeting
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 20:48 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Retirement fund body Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) will discuss a proposal to invest a part of its over Rs 6 lakh crore corpus in equities in the meeting of its trustees on December 19.
According to the agenda circulated for the 205th meeting of EPFO 's apex decision making body, the Central Board of Trustees (CBT), scheduled for December 19, the trustees would deliberate on investment challenges in the changed economic scenario.
We will deliberate on the issue in the next meeting, said Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya, who also heads the CBT.
Recently, a section of EPFO had favoured investment of a part of corpus in the shares of profit-making public sector blue chip companies.
During an informal meeting of the non-official EPFO trustees with the then Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar in October 2014, some trustees, particularly unionists, had suggested investment in shares of profit-making state-run firms.
Some other unionists, or employees' representatives, on board of the CBT had reservations about investment in equity in view of volatility in stock markets.
In CBT's last meeting in August, the proposed pattern of investment by the Finance Ministry was discussed and the board was not in favour of investing in equities and exchange traded funds (ETFs).
The CBT had decided to recommend making the pattern more flexible to further increase the percentage of investment in government securities.
The Finance Ministry has been pitching for investing a small portion of EPFO funds in the equity markets to maximise returns. In 2005, the ministry had allowed the retirement fund body to invest up to five per cent of its funds in equities and in 2008, it had enhanced the limit to 15 per cent.
A recent notification by the labour ministry allows the EPFO to invest up to five per cent of its funds in money market instruments, including units of mutual funds and equity-linked schemes regulated by capital market watchdog Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
The EPFO has over 50 million subscribers across the country. It provided interest of 8.75 per cent on PF deposits in 2013-14. The EPFO trustees have recently decided to keep the rate at the same level during the current fiscal as well.

Opera browser targets 100 mn users in India: CEOOpera browser targetting 100 mn users in India, says CEO
Joachim Dagenborg     Oslo   Last Updated: December 5, 2014  | 20:45 IST
Opera Software is targetting 100 million Indian users for its mobile phone internet browser, after hitting the 50-million mark last month, Chief Executive Lars Boilesen said on Friday.
Smartphones are quickly becoming the product of choice in the rapidly growing Indian market, though Boilesen declined to give a specific date for when the browser downloads would double.
"We intend to get 100 million users there as quickly as possible. That's our focus now," he said in a telephone interview. "It's an incredibly important market for us. I really don't think that people understand how big we are over there ... We are the third most downloaded app in India and we are larger than global giants like Gmail."
Opera's browser division specialises in compressing data to minimise download times and cost for subscribers, making it particularly popular in emerging market economies where network capacity can be constrained.
"If you look at the five fastest-growing markets for Android phones in the world, you will find that Opera is a top five player in all of them. That says something about how well positioned we are in the high-growth markets," Boilesen said.
By Opera's definition, India tops this list of fast-growing markets followed by Indonesia, Russia, Africa and Brazil.
"These top-five ... are characterised by Opera being pre-installed on all phones. All local manufacturers in India have Opera, but you will also see that so do major players like Samsung."

Starbucks Launches New High-End Coffee Emporiumreddit
Starbucks opened its first upscale café and roastery on Friday in hopes of tapping into the small but growing market of coffee connoisseurs.
Over the next year, the company has plans to open at least 100 stores roasting and serving rare, small-batch coffee beans in major U.S. cities. Starbucks established its inaugural Reserve Roastery and Tasting Room in Seattle, just nine blocks from its original café.
“We’ve dreamed about this moment when we can open up such an immersive experience, where we can demonstrate all the aspects of drama, romance, theater of roasting coffee,” Starbucks Chairman and CEO Howard Schultz said during an appearance on CNBC , as the new store's baristas bustled behind him. “It’s the Willy Wonka of coffee.”
But don’t expect any Charlie Bucket types to shop there. The beans at Starbucks Reserve -- branded with a star and a capital R -- sell for as much as $45 per pound .
The new, 15,000-square-foot facility has large copper coffee dispensers and candy store-like displays of “micro-batch” beans, described on tablet-sized chalkboards. Quotes such as “unreasonable passion has led us here” are carved into the wooden bars at which customers can order a pour-over -- that is, coffee made by straining hot water from a kettle through a cone-shaped filter placed above the individual mug.
Starbucks has faced increased competition in recent years as its main rival, Dunkin’ Donuts, has expanded to the West Coast and small coffeehouses proliferate around the country. Now the java giant wants to take on trendy newcomers such as Blue Bottle Coffee and Stumptown Coffee Roasters.
The U.S. coffee market, worth $27.9 billion last year, is expected to grow to $33.7 billion by 2018, according to data from research firm IBISWorld cited by Reuters . The data do not separate revenues for high-end coffee sellers.
More:

Engineering exports to China decline by 9.36% in OctoberNew Delhi, December 8, 2014
Updated: December 8, 2014 03:48 IST
Engineering exports to China decline by 9.36% in October
Special Correspondent
exports
Indian engineering exports to China dropped nearly 50 per cent in October. Exports fell to $310 million against $612 million in October 2013, according to the Union Commerce Ministry’s Engineering Export Promotion Council of India (EEPC). As a result, India’s total engineering exports declined 9.36 per cent to $5.03 billion in October.
Total iron and steel exports shrank by 18 per cent to $704 million in October. India exported $858 million of iron and steel products in the same month last year, mainly to China.
“As the Euro zone and the EU battle the slowdown and on and off recession, the impact was evident on exports of Indian engineering goods to these markets.…the slowdown of the Chinese economy was clearly visible on India’s exports,” the EEPC said in a statement.
As per the EEPC India analysis, consignments to U.K. were down 29 per cent to $169 mn from $238 mn a year ago. Likewise, shipments to Italy at $127 million were 22 per cent lower than $163 million in October 2013. Exports of engineering items to Germany fell over four per cent to $163 million from $171 million.

Why this equity investor is backing JapanDecember 8, 2014 5:55 am
Why this equity investor is backing Japan
Trevor Greetham
In contrast to the UK, Tokyo is at least trying to boost nominal growth
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcf410e0-7624-11e4-a777-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A potty past that has been flushed awayDecember 8, 2014 12:11 pm
China’s potty past has been flushed away
Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
A golden tale of toilets conjures up a symbol of development as potent as rule of law punditry
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1bbb7428-7c7a-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Short term trend changes to down; Nifty in some kind of correction08 December 2014
Monday
Big declines in market in all sectors; Nifty breaks down from narrow trading range, goes below 8490 support to close lower at 8438
Bank Nifty may form a trading range here. Possible levels for this range come at 18300 at the lower side and 18800 at the upper side. CNX IT continues its down move. Prices have seen a big decline and closes below its support near 11430. Next support comes at 11000. Buying opportunity will emerge when this correction gets over.
We have NICKEL in METAL SECTION. A long trade executes and met with the target. We will discuss another long trade in this instrument. We have FMCG in Sector Focus. Trend is sideways in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of FMCG Stocks. Stock in focus includes CROMPGREAV, DIVISLAB, HINDUNILEVER and RELCAPITAL. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss a short trade in EURINR in Currency Tracker Section.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Short term trend changes to down; Nifty in some kind of correction: Sukhani08 December 2014
Monday
Big declines in market in all sectors; Nifty breaks down from narrow trading range, goes below 8490 support to close lower at 8438
Bank Nifty may form a trading range here. Possible levels for this range come at 18300 at the lower side and 18800 at the upper side. CNX IT continues its down move. Prices have seen a big decline and closes below its support near 11430. Next support comes at 11000. Buying opportunity will emerge when this correction gets over.
We have NICKEL in METAL SECTION. A long trade executes and met with the target. We will discuss another long trade in this instrument. We have FMCG in Sector Focus. Trend is sideways in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of FMCG Stocks. Stock in focus includes CROMPGREAV, DIVISLAB, HINDUNILEVER and RELCAPITAL. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss a short trade in EURINR in Currency Tracker Section.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

The bold and the sold: Barack Obama spoils diplomacy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c087bdb6-7bb4-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil price plunge raises Mexico concernsOil price plunge raises Mexico energy reform concerns
Jude Webber in Mexico City
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5715257e-7cd3-11e4-b944-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CCI clears Sun-Ranbaxy deal with ridersmerger, acquisition and takeover
Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy on Monday got the Competition Commission of India’s (CCI) approval for their long-pending $4-billion merger, but with a condition that they would have to modify the deal by divesting seven key products to address monopoly concerns.
The regulator, which has ordered Ranbaxy to sell six products and Sun to divest one, will also appoint a monitoring committee to oversee compliance to the conditions put forth by it to ensure that the merger does not hit competition.
The approval comes within days of clearance from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) for the deal that was announced in April, and would create India’s largest and world’s fifth biggest drug-maker.
Besides, this was the first case which the CCI subjected to a public scrutiny process as it had found the deal ‘prima facie’ in violation of the competition laws.
In its order, dated December 5 and made public on Monday, the CCI said, it “approves the proposed combination... subject to the parties carrying out the modification to the proposed combination.’’
The CCI has directed Sun Pharma to divest all products containing ‘Tamsulosin + Tolterodine’, which are at present marketed and supplied under the Tamlet brand name.
Similarly, Ranbaxy would be required to divest all products containing Leuprorelin, which are marketed and supplied under the Eligard brand name.
Ranbaxy would also have to divest products such as Terlibax, Rosuvas EZ, Olanex F, Raciper L and Triolvance.
According to the fair trade watchdog, the modification to the proposed deal aims “to maintain the existing level of competition in the relevant markets in India.’’
The merged entity would have operations in 65 nations, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, along with a global portfolio of speciality and generic products.

UBS turns to artificial intelligence to advise clientsubs turns to artificial intelligence to advise clients
FT Series: Technologys six solutions to solve shortage© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/87064ea8-7a52-11e4-a8e1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Most Advanced  Yet Profitable Designreddit
Pure incremental and breakthrough innovation is unsustainable so how does one balance managements' risk-attitude with users' taste preferences when designing innovative offerings?
In the 1930's, Raymond Loewy, the father of American design, advocated MAYA -- Most Advanced, Yet Acceptable, as a canon for industrial design. The bell-shaped model for customer acceptance showed that if design expressions / styling / aesthetics exceeded beyond a certain point on the curve, customers would become alienated causing sales and profit to plummet.
A paradigm shift is only profitable if the lead-time for acceptance is reasonable since, for management and users alike, embracing new ideas takes time. As an example, abstract art has been with us for over a century, yet only twenty percent of people in the UK appreciate this art form today. So one is still better off painting bright colored landscapes, flowers, nudes and marine pictures than exploring new expressions.
Geoffrey Moore proposed that an offering's Life Cycle Adoption curve might include a chasm between the Early Adopters and the Early Majority. Sixteen percent of a population, Innovators and Early Adopters, are on the "wrong side" of the chasm, while eighty-four percent constituting the Early Majority, Late Majority and Laggards are on the "right side." When crossing the chasm, the challenge is to identify and leverage specific members of the Early Majority's trust in a group of Early Adopters, in combination with addressing their need for a flawless offering.
A study at Stanford Center for Design Research in 2005 revealed a one to two year adoption delay for highly innovative consumer products. The urban legend, at that time, was that winning an IDEA (Industrial Design Excellence Award) Bronze was a sign of success, while receiving the IDEA Gold Award was the kiss of death.
By observing Gold, Silver and bronze winners the years following the announcement, however, a different story appeared. IDEA Bronze winners were found to have success right away, while IDEA Gold winners, on average enjoyed success a couple of years further down the road.
There are always exceptions. The BMW Mini won IDEA Gold in 2003 and enjoyed success right away, while the Chevrolet Super Sport Roadster that won IDEA Gold in 2004, started as a miserable failure and was eventually discontinued.
Both the BMW Mini and the Chevrolet Super Sport Roadster happened to be "retro" designs, the popular style of that period. When one has a new unique product, it is probably best to play it safe when it comes to exterior styling and what is safe may differ between cultures.
Analyzing European, North American and Asians response to IDEA winners from the previous year showed that Europeans, North Americans as well as Asians were attracted to geometric and easily identifiable products, however Asians were also drawn to more sculptural products.
As the adage goes, if one develops a product that does not work, there may be a second chance offered but if one develop a product for which there is no market, one will be looking for a new job. With such an incentives in place, is it any wonder that business and design managers continue to play it safe?
Follow Soren Petersen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/soreningomar
More:

Can Uber Fix ItselfOnline car-booking company Uber has recently lurched from one public relations crisis to another, including bizarre comments by an Uber executive about taking revenge on critical journalists.
But Uber's problems run far deeper than that.
This week the company is dealing with the fallout from rape allegations against one of its drivers in India and has now been banned in New Delhi.  The New Delhi government's response, although extreme (after all, you would have to ban all means of public transport to ensure complete safety for everyone), is only the latest pushback against Uber by markets that the company has entered.
Other markets where the company is facing serious challenges or outright bans include France, Germany, Spain, Belgium, the Netherlands, and Nevada.
It is arguable that this is happening because of Uber's aggressive growth strategy of barreling into new markets with little regard for local laws or issues, expanding at a breakneck pace, and worrying about the fallout later.  Other allegations against the company include low standards of recruitment for new drivers, poor training, a mercurial customer rating system which can penalize good drivers, and an indifferent attitude towards passenger safety and privacy.
So why won't Uber, which is reportedly worth a staggering $40 billion on projected revenues of $10 billion, clean up its act?
Partly because its growth strategy, which companies like Google and Microsoft have also used in the past, has worked so well.
Like Uber, Google faces problems in Europe. The European Parliament has called for a breakup of Google in response to complaints about anti-competitive behavior, including burying search results for rivals and preventing advertising partners from patronizing other sites. Ironically, one of Google's most vocal critics is Microsoft, which has been accused in the past for using its dominance in the personal computing market to undermine competitors and limit choices for consumers.
Despite these difficulties, neither Google nor Microsoft has been seriously hurt and continue to exercise considerable market power. What these companies understood early on was the value of taking over markets as rapidly as possible and creating a household name that would give them a competitive edge in the future.
Uber seems to be following a similar playbook, creating a brand that is instantly recognizable and is becoming synonymous with being able to find a cab anywhere, anytime with minimal hassle.
However, the crucial difference is that unlike Google and Microsoft, Uber doesn't actually produce anything that can stand on its own merit. It's hard to see how the company can exist without a good relationship with its drivers,  the trust of its passengers, and the cooperation of local authorities. Also, as the New Delhi example shows, a strong brand is a double edged sword -- when things go wrong, the brand itself can become a target due its outsize stature.
What this implies is that in order for the company to succeed, it needs to start listening to its different constituencies and focus on the integrity of its service and responsibility towards its existing communities rather than just pumping up its brand with lots of money and the addition of new markets.
Given its size and the strength of its idea, Uber has the potential to become a blue chip company that can disrupt the car service business in a positive way, but first it needs to do some serious soul-searching.
An alternate version of this article appeared in FORTUNE.com
Sanjay Sanghoee is a business commentator. He has worked at investment banks Lazard Freres and Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, at hedge fund Ramius Capital, and has an MBA from Columbia Business School.
Follow Sanjay Sanghoee on Twitter: www.twitter.com/sanghoee
More:

When unrecognizable is a complimentBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 8 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Reese Witherspoon in “Wild.” (Anne Marie Fox/Fox Searchlight)
Last week, Bryan Abrams published an interview with Robin Mathews , who did Reese Witherspoon’s makeup for her performance as writer Cheryl Strayed in “Wild.” “Mathews was tasked with transforming the effervescent actress into a former heroin user who spent week after grueling week being battered, bitten and bruised by the elements,” Abrams explained. “What’s more, Mathews had to do this all out of sequence, applying a fresh cut on Witherspoon on a Monday that needed to look two-weeks old and scabbed over on a Tuesday.”
Reading Mathews explain that “I have files on my computer on every type of injury you can imagine,” to use as inspiration for bruises and lost toenails, and extol the virtues of a “milk protein” available in Britain that “allows you to paint onto the actor’s lip, then as their lips are drying, you have them purse and relax lips and it makes chapped lips,” was fascinating. And I was intrigued not least because I walked out of a screening of “Wild” feeling like Witherspoon looked awfully radiant for someone who was supposed to be overcoming her grief at her mother’s death, a stint of heroin use and the dissolution of her marriage by hiking the Pacific Crest Trail.
But as I’ve had time to sit with the movie, which I saw in September at the Toronto International Film Festival, I’ve come to the conclusion that my initial reaction was wrong. Even though — and especially because — Hollywood productions normally feature casts that don’t look anything like humans actually do, films and television can do interesting and important work when they remember that physical appearance is not actually an indicator of moral worth. Pretty women are not inherently good or necessarily mean and cruel. Ugly ones are not inherently evil or desperate, nor are they sweet, beaten-down saints with no complications. And sometimes, how a woman looks is much less relevant than her choices and her courage.
If you really want to look for a dramatic on-screen transformation, it’s worth taking a look at “Monster,” Patty Jenkins’s 2003 movie about serial killer Aileen Wuornos. One of the most common ways to compliment an actor who wears heavy makeup or facial prosthetics or gains or loses a lot of weight for a role is to say he or she is unrecognizable. In the case of Charlize Theron’s performance as Wuornos, that’s literally true: She utterly disappears behind a mat of ratty hair, ill-fitting T-shirts with cut-off sleeves, 30 extra pounds and fake teeth.
But the most radical thing Jenkins does in “Monster” is not to tell a story about a frankly ugly woman who is also a sex worker, or even to tell a story about a sex worker who killed one client after he raped and attacked her and then kept on killing other men.
It’s to argue that a woman who is not conventionally attractive, who is poor to the point of homelessness, working outside of the law and disconnected from everyone, including her own family, might be worthy of a big, swooning romance. The sequence early in “Monster,” when Aileen has her first real date with Selby (Christina Ricci) at a roller rink, focuses closely on their faces, capturing the gathering emotional intensity of the moment and scoring it with Journey’s “Don’t Stop Believin’,” the ultimate, cheesy anthem of American possibility. Even the mockery of a few other skaters, unaccustomed to seeing a lesbian couple, cannot ruin the moment for Aileen and Selby.
That Aileen is worthy of love doesn’t make her a good person, and Jenkins’s willingness to sever the connection Hollywood so often draws between those two qualities is one of the movie’s most admirable traits. “Monster” ends up a study in self-justification. It’s riveting not so much because of what Theron does to her face as what she does with it as she embarks on the murders that will make her famous.
Nothing so dramatic happens in “Wild.” As Cheryl Strayed, Witherspoon mourns her mother (Laura Dern), torpedoes her marriage to Paul (Thomas Sadoski in a role that does nothing to make up for the awfulness that is “The Newsroom”) and shoots heroin, which is a lot for one woman’s life, but definitely short of serial murder. “Wild” doesn’t dwell in any particularly explicit way on the way Strayed’s face changes, in part because she spends so much of the movie alone. Sometimes her loveliness, even in grief, means that it’s easy for her to find the other partners she sleeps with in order to sabotage her marriage. At another moment, her relative fragility makes her seem like a mark to the first truly unpleasant men she encounters on the trail.
But while Mathews could do all sorts of things to change Strayed’s face at different points in “Wild,” the thing that really matters is Strayed’s body and her relationship to it. We see the toll she’s charging her feet on the Pacific Crest Trail in the bloody toenails she discards when she makes camp at night. We see her lift her pack more easily, and by the time she plunges into the snow alone, we’re less afraid for her.
Something similar happens in “Cake,” Jennifer Aniston’s latest movie, which will have a limited release for awards qualification this month and then go wide in January. Aniston plays Claire, a woman who lives with chronic pain because of a terrible accident that has also fractured her family. And while much has been made of the fact that Aniston doesn’t wear makeup other than that which gives Claire fake scars , once again “Cake” is not about how Claire’s face looks, but how connected she is to her injured body. Aniston gives a wonderful, subtle physical performance. The moments when Claire dares to confront her own pain and challenge her body to do the things it used to be capable of are among the best in the movie.
If “Monster” is a movie partially about how little bearing Hollywood’s standards for beauty actually have when two people fall in love, movies like “Wild” and “Cake” are about how little ugly and pretty matter at all when a woman has a chance to just sit with herself. What really matters in the tough moments — be it a long hike or the deep end of Claire’s lonely Los Angeles swimming pool — is the strength to keep on walking, or to swim instead of sink.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Bill Gross grows new Janus fund to $1.2B 
Famed bond investor Bill Gross is once again a billion-dollar man.
In the few short months since he left bond giant Pimco in a cloud of controversy, Gross, 70, has accumulated more than $1 billion to manage at his new home, mutual fund giant Janus Capital.
Pimco, meanwhile, has been suffering billions in outflows following Gross’ abrupt departure, which has been attributed in new reports to his conflicts with other staffers.
The Janus Global Unconstrained Bond fund, which Gross oversees, added $770 million in assets in November, according to data released on Monday by fund tracking firm Morningstar. Gross now manages $1.2 billion — up from the meager $13 million the fund managed at the end of August, before he joined the Denver investment firm.
“We are doing exciting things here at Janus Capital and are pleased it is beginning to be recognized by clients and advisers,” Janus said in an e-mailed statement.
Janus’ growth, however, “is much deeper than Bill alone,” the firm added.
Gross, who was reportedly on the verge of being fired from Pimco when he jumped ship in September, also received a boost of confidence last month from famed investor George Soros. A private investment vehicle managed by Soros Fund Management, called Quantum Partners, contributed half a billion to be managed by Gross last month, Janus said.
But Soros’ $500 million is not included in the  Global Unconstrained Bond Fund’s $1.2 billion under management because it was invested in a separately managed account, Janus said in the e-mail.
Over the same time period, investors withdrew a whopping $9.5 billion from the Pimco fund Gross used to manage, called the Pimco Total Return Fund. The fund lost $27.5 billion in October and is now down to $162.8 billion in assets, down more than 40% from its 2013 peak.
Since its founding in the 1970s, Gross helped grow Pimco into a $2 trillion investment behemoth known for superior investment returns. But he abruptly quit in late September amid trailing returns and concerns about his management style, according to new reports following his departure. Pimco co-CEO Mohamed El-Erian left the firm in January amid growing clashes with Gross, according to the Wall Street Journal.

A dose of wishful thinkingA portrait of Spain’s royal family
What we’re writing about
Autumn Statement Barack Obama Britain budget deficit China climate change ebola ECB EU Euro European Central Bank eurozone eurozone crisis G20 George Osborne Germany India inflation investment Isis markets Pakistan Scotland Syria Uighurs UK UK economy US US Congress US economy US Federal Reserve US midterm elections 2014 US politics world health organisation
Categories

Volkswagen Certifies UAW Has Signed up at Least 45 Percent of Workers at Tennessee PlantIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

China targets top tigers as well as fliesArrest of ‘tiger’ Zhou Yongkang sheds light on China graft purge
Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/57042e30-7ebe-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A golden tale of toilets in ChinaDecember 8, 2014 12:11 pm
China’s potty past has been flushed away
Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
A golden tale of toilets conjures up a symbol of development as potent as rule of law punditry
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1bbb7428-7c7a-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Silicon Valleys struggle in EuropeDecember 8, 2014 7:31 pm
Why Silicon Valley struggles to conquer Europe
Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg
US technology groups must learn Brussels’ language, writes Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97295ac4-7a2e-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

S&P 500 posts worst day since October; energy shares sinkWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange
BRENDAN MCDERMID,, REUTERS
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Saudi in race against time to cut reliance on oilSaudi in ‘race against time’ to cut reliance on oil
Pilita Clark in Lima
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a71127e0-7f2f-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Publisher: Lena Dunhams alleged rapist wasnt actually named BarryBy Eugene Volokh December 8 Follow @volokhc
Lena Dunham in a scene from the HBO series “Girls.” (JoJo Whilden/HBO via AP)
As I noted last week , Lena Dunham’s memoir describes her having sex with someone named Barry, whom she labels as Oberlin’s “resident conservative.” Her description seems to leave it somewhat ambiguous as to whether Barry raped her, but it does describe some sexual behavior by Barry that at the very least reflects badly on him; readers have certainly viewed it as rape, and Dunham has elsewhere characterized it as rape . There are two passages in which she describes the incident: one in which it comes across as consensual but unsatisfying, and another one that she begins by saying,
I’m an unreliable narrator…. [I]n another essay in this book I describe a sexual encounter with a mustachioed campus Republican as the upsetting but educational choice of a girl who was new to sex when, in fact, it didn’t feel like a choice at all.
She then goes on to describe the incident in a good deal of detail, and as a Breitbart story by John Nolte notes, there is an easily identifiable Oberlin conservative from that era named Barry; indeed, that Barry has already been identified as the person from Dunham’s book by many people. But the Breitbart story also notes that many other details don’t add up, and that the allegations about Barry may thus be inaccurate.
TheWrap now reports that Random House has put out a statement exonerating this Identifiable Conservative Barry, and saying that the alleged rapist wasn’t really named Barry at all:
As indicated on the copyright page of Not That Kind of Girl by Lena Dunham, some names and identifying details in the book have been changed. The name ‘Barry’ referenced in the book is a pseudonym. Random House, on our own behalf and on behalf of our author, regrets the confusion that has led attorney Aaron Minc to post on GoFundMe on behalf of his client, whose first name is Barry.
We are offering to pay the fees Mr. Minc has billed his client to date. Our offer will allow Mr. Minc and his client to donate all of the crowd-funding raised to not-for-profit organizations assisting survivors of rape and sexual assault.
Appalling. The book wasn’t a novel; it was a memoir, offered to readers as such. The copyright page, which I suspect few people read, does say that “Some names and identifying details have been changed,” but it certainly doesn’t tell people which ones.
Indeed, early in the book, when she mentions a boyfriend of hers and labels him Jonah, she adds a footnote: “Name changed to protect the truly innocent.” Reasonable readers, it seems to me, reading the rest of the memoir, would assume that “Barry” — whose name wasn’t accompanied with any such footnote — was actually named Barry. Even if not all readers would so conclude, many would, and quite understandably so.
How could Dunham and Random House do this? How could an author and a publisher — again, of a self-described memoir, not a work of fiction — describe a supposed rape by a person, give a (relatively rare) first name and enough identifying details that readers could easily track the person down, and not even mention that “Barry” wasn’t this person’s real name?
Say even that Dunham had forgotten that there really was a prominent Oberlin conservative named Barry back then. Surely it was obviously possible that, if one makes up a first name, someone real, who matches the other easily Google-findable characteristics, might have that name. Given the gravity of the charge, how can one possibly rely on a statement on the copyright page as the only hint that this particular item in the memoir is inaccurate?
Nor does Random House’s statement now help Identifiable Conservative Barry much. The memoir is still out there; many people have read it but haven’t seen the Random House statement; many more people will read it and not see the Random House statement. This is going to dog Identifiable Conservative Barry for years to come — for the simple reason that Dunham and Random House published a factual item (the statement that the alleged rapist was named Barry) that
they knew
was false
without stating, clearly and immediately (again, as they had done with regard to another man), that the name was made up.
For more on the libel implications of all this, see my earlier post , though of course now that Random House has admitted that Identifiable Conservative Barry actually didn’t do these things, the case becomes much easier. John Nolte, who wrote the Breitbart story, also has a more on the Random House statement .
[NOTE: If this is your first visit to the blog, welcome! We are a bunch of mostly libertarianish or conservativish law professors, blogging here at the Post but enjoying full editorial independence -- please don't ascribe our opinions to the Post, or the Post's opinion to us, much as we enjoy working together with our Post hosts. We blog mostly about law, but also about the media, politics, and whatever suits our fancy. Check us out some time at http://washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy .]
UPDATE: Note that the fundraising materials for the legal expenses fund started by the lawyer for Identifiable Conservative Barry say that,
Any proceeds not used on legal related costs will be donated to not-for-profit organizations that assist victims of rape and sexual assault, to be selected at a later date.
This, I think, helps explain Random House’s statement that its offer to pay all legal fees billed to date “will allow Mr. Minc [Barry's lawyer] and his client to donate all of the crowd-funding raised to not-for-profit organizations assisting survivors of rape and sexual assault.” There is much to fault in Dunham’s and Random House’s behavior, but Random House’s statement about the fund money going to non-profits that help rape victims seems justifiable.
FURTHER UPDATE: The Hollywood Reporter — a major film and TV industry publication here in L.A. — reports that, according to the lawyer Aaron Minc,
Dunham’s lawyers at Ziffren Brittenham in Los Angeles who assure him that future printings of the book, subtitled “A young woman tells you what she’s ‘learned,’” will come with a disclaimer that “Barry” is not the real name of the man who raped Dunham when the two were students at Oberlin College a decade ago.
FURTHER UPDATE: Folks, I think Lena Dunham acted badly here — but some commenters’ view that she’s ugly or too fat or what have you seems to me to have little to do with the merits of the matter. Please keep the comments substantive and polite.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

CAD rises to 2.1% in Q2 as exports dipCAD rises to 2.1% in Q2 as exports dip
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 12:04 IST
The current account deficit (CAD) widened to $10.1 billion, or 2.1 per cent of GDP, for the September quarter compared to 1.2 per cent in the year-ago period due to the higher trade deficit, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Monday.
CAD essentially reflects the amount by which foreign exchange earnings from exports fall short of the import bill, which has to be paid in foreign currency.
The increase in CAD was primarily on account of higher trade deficit contributed by both a deceleration in export growth and increase in imports, the RBI said.
Merchandise exports growth dipped 4.9 per cent in the second quarter while there was an 8.1-per cent increase in imports due to the surge in inbound gold shipments . A higher CAD also weakens the rupee which in turn increases the cost of imports and foreign travel and education.
The cost of foreign loans also goes up for Indian corporates. For the first six months of 2014-15, the current account gap narrowed to 1.9 per cent from 3.1 per cent in the same period a yearago.
There was a net accretion of $6.9 billion to the forex reserves during the reporting quarter as against a drawdown of $10.4 billion.
Net inflows of NRI deposits at $4.1 billion in Q2 were lower than the $8.2 billion notched up during the days of rupee fall in the year-ago period.

Takata airbags worldwideTakata sued in US over potentially dangerous airbags
General Motors, Honda, and Toyota are among the carmakers who used Takata as an airbag supplier
Japanese airbag manufacturer Takata and several carmakers that used its products are being sued in the US over allegations they sold unsafe vehicles.
The class action lawsuit comes after millions of cars were recalled over potentially dangerous airbags.
It claims Takata and automakers such as Honda and Toyota hid the alleged airbag defects from consumers.
At least four deaths and more than 30 injuries in the US have been linked to faulty airbags made by Takata.
The airbags can potentially spray deadly shrapnel at passengers if deployed with too much force.
Honda and Toyota are among the carmakers named as defendants in the case, which was filed in a US district court in Florida on behalf of consumers across the country
The lawsuit said Takata "had a duty to disclose these safety issues because they consistently marketed their vehicles as reliable and safe", Reuters said.
Global recall
US car safety regulators are investigating whether Takata's airbags are defective and recently expanded a recall of vehicles with potentially dangerous Takata airbags to almost eight million.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) also warned owners should take "immediate action" if they have an affected vehicle.
They have identified 10 manufacturers who used Takata as a supplier, including General Motors, Honda and Toyota.
Takata estimates that around 12 million vehicles around the globe may contain the parts.
Honda and its rival Toyota have recalled millions of cars since 2012 over faulty parts
The fallout from the recalls has already started hitting the bottom line at Japan's third-largest carmaker.
Honda cut its annual profit forecast for the first time in three years because of the recalls and slower sales in Japan and China.
Honda said on Tuesday that its operating profit fell 4.1% to 164bn yen ($1.5bn; £932m) in the July-September quarter, missing analyst estimates.
The recalls are also expected to have a negative impact on earnings at Japan's largest carmaker Toyota, which reports next week.
The company's chairman and chief executive, Shigehisa Takada, has issued an apology in response to the safety crisis caused by its airbags.
"We deeply regret that the recent recalls of vehicles equipped with our airbags have likely raised significant concerns and troubles to our product users, our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders," he said in a statement.
Takata shares have lost more than 50% of their value this year.
More on This Story

It s the result of the bungledCity watchdog to probe 30m financial policies
The FCA is concerned some savers face losing part of their savings if they move provider
Isas to be passed on tax-free
The City regulator is to investigate firms running 30 million old insurance policies worth £150bn over concerns about "unfair" terms and conditions.
The investigation will look at pensions, endowments, investment bonds and life insurance policies sold in the UK between the 1970s and 2000.
The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) will look into policies which penalise savers who want to switch providers.
Insurance firms' share prices dropped in trading on Friday as a result.
Later on Friday the FCA issued a statement in response to concerns about how it had handled the release of the news about its investigation.
"The Board will conduct an investigation into the FCA's handling of the issue involving an external law firm, and will share the outcome of this work in due course," it said.
'Disorderly market'
One of Britain's leading insurers told the BBC: "We await a proper announcement about the pensions review which appeared to have been part-briefed to a newspaper today.
"We regret the disorderly market in the shares in our company and other stocks that ensued."
Resolution, which owns Friends Provident, Legal & General and Aviva were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 in London, just days after share prices were hit by George Osborne's plans for an overhaul of the UK's pension system, and a cap on pension management fees.
On Friday afternoon insurance chiefs said they would "work closely" with the FCA on its inquiry.
"Insurers do take their Treating Customers Fairly obligations very seriously, and company boards regularly review all aspects of product design, customer servicing and product performance," said Hugh Savill, director of regulation at the Association of British Insurers (ABI).
'Zombie' funds
The FCA said it was concerned that companies were allowing old policies to stagnate, and were not giving the same priority to policies sold years ago as they did to new policies.
Continue reading the main story
“Start Quote
As firms cut prices and create new products, there is a danger that customers with older contracts are forgotten”
End Quote Clive Adamson FCA
A large number of policies sold to consumers in the 30 years leading to the millennium include terms that penalise those attempting to switch to a cheaper provider.
Some savers face losing up to half of their savings if they move to another company.
The FCA also said it feared "zombie" funds, which are closed to new clients, are being used by insurers to pay bills from other parts of their businesses.
Details of the investigation will be published on Monday, as part of the FCA's annual business plan.
But concerns that will be covered include:
Fears that changes are being made to investments to benefit firms, not customers
Worries that "unfair" overheads are allocated to historic funds
Concerns that companies are failing to regularly review these policies
Issues over the communication sent by companies to policyholders
Clive Adamson, the FCA's director of supervision, said: "We want to find out how closed-book products are being serviced by insurance companies.
"As firms cut prices and create new products, there is a danger that customers with older contracts are forgotten. We want to ensure they get a fair deal. As part of the review we will collect information to establish whether we need to intervene on exit charges.
"Consolidation and outsourcing within the insurance industry means that policies taken out 10, 15 or 20 years ago are unlikely to be managed by the same brand, and by people in the same building, as they were at their outset.
"We want to make sure that customers who have been 'sold on' are treated fairly. Some terms and conditions that were common 20 years ago are not what we would want to see now."
The review will begin in the summer and could take a considerable amount of time. It will not look at each policy in detail, but at the way firms deal with them.
'Chunky'
Independent pensions expert John Ralfe told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that "there's a very large amount of money at stake".

MPs have criticised the Post OfficeMPs have criticised the Post Office for how it has handled claims its IT system caused at least 150 sub-postmasters to be wrongly accused of false accounting and fraud.
Sub-postmasters say computer software was responsible for the apparent loss of hundreds of thousands of pounds.
Jo Hamilton, who pleaded guilty to false accounting, said the Post Office "never attempted" to find the money.
About 140 MPs have withdrawn support for a Post Office mediation scheme.
The UK's 11,500 sub-postmasters are not directly employed by the Post Office.
For several years, a vocal minority of sub-postmasters say that they have been made scapegoats for what many claim is a faulty IT system, which created thousands of pounds worth of shortfalls where none existed.
Sub-postmaster Jo Hamilton: "I was originally charged with stealing"
Sub-postmasters, who run smaller post offices, are forced to make up any shortfalls from their own pockets.
Some have been bankrupted, others have lost their homes, and a few have gone to jail.
But the Post Office said there was no evidence of a systemic issue with its software.
Case study: Sub-postmaster
Jo Hamilton, who used to run a sub-post office from her village shop in South Warnborough, Hampshire, pleaded guilty to false accounting following a discrepancy of £2,000 in December 2003.
"They decided to take my wages for the next 10 months to pay it back because, under the terms of my contract, you have to make it good if you're down.
"I had to remortgage the house and repay the money. Originally, I was charged with stealing. They said if I repaid and pleaded guilty to 14 counts of false accounting, they would drop the theft, so the decision was made - I'd be less likely to go to prison for false accounting than theft.
"If I didn't plead guilty, they would have charged me for theft. I couldn't prove I didn't take anything, they couldn't prove I did and at the time they told me I was the only person that had ever had problems with [the IT system] Horizon.
"I didn't know what the hell was going on. They never made any attempt to investigate the money or where it had gone.
"I would love to see all of our names cleared and some of us have our money back."
'Legal wrangling'
In 2013, a mediation scheme was set up by Post Office Ltd after independent investigators discovered defects with the Horizon accounting system used in its branches.
So far, 144 MPs say they have been contacted by sub-postmasters in their constituency.
The MP leading them, James Arbuthnot, sent a letter on Tuesday to Post Office chief executive Paula Vennells, accusing the organisation of rejecting 90% of applications for mediation.
"The scheme was set up to help our constituents seek redress and to maintain the Post Office's good reputation," he said. "It is doing neither.
"It has ended up mired in legal wrangling, with the Post Office objecting to most of the cases even going into the mediation that the scheme was designed to provide."
Another MP, Mike Wood, said: "Either the Post Office is awash with criminals who open sub Post Offices for personal gain, or something has gone terribly wrong.
"MPs are inclined to believe the latter and we are all shocked that the Post Office seems not to want to get to the bottom of all this."
But a Post Office spokesperson said the letter from MPs was "regrettable and surprising".
"We take these issues very seriously and have done since setting up a review more than two years ago.
"We are paying for the small number of postmasters who have raised issues to get independent advice and have opened up a mediation scheme."
More on This Story

Google-Motorola Nexus 6 coming to India on December 10; priced at Rs 43 999 onwards61
2
New Delhi: Along with the Google Chromecast , the recently launched Nexus 6 smartphone is also making its way to India during the Great Online Shopping Festival that will take place from December 10-12.
The Google Nexus 6, which is the first Nexus phone to have been made in partnership with Motorola, will be available to purchase exclusively on Flipkart.com starting December 10. It comes in two variants  - the 32GB model at Rs 43,999 and the 64GB variant, priced at Rs 48,999.
The Nexus 6, which looks a blown-up version of the recently launched Moto X (2nd Generation), comes with a 5.96-inch Quad HD display - bigger than both Apple's iPhone 6 Plus and Samsung's Galaxy Note 4.
Google's Nexus 6 smartphone, which looks a blown-up version of thenew Moto X (2nd gen), comes with a 5.96-inch Quad HD display.
#google #google nexus6 #motorola #nexus 6
The Google-Motorola Nexus 6 smartphone is one of the first devices to come with Android 5.0 Lollipop, the next version of Google's mobile OS. The largest-ever Nexus smartphone is equipped with a 2.7GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 processor and features dual front-facing speakers.
The new Nexus 6 sports a 13-megapixel rear camera with optical image stabilisation and a 2-megapixel front camera. According to the company, Nexus 6 users can get up to 6 hours of use from only 15 minutes of charging. The 3220 mAh battery in the Nexus 6 is claimed to last for 24 hours on a full charge.
The phone will be available in Midnight Blue or Cloud White colours.
The GOSF will see 450 partners offering their best deals for 72 hours this year, Google said in a statement.
Focussing on the first time buyers, gosf.in will feature a special section of Rs 299 with heavily discounted products with free shipping and cash on delivery option. The section will feature products and offers from brands like Philips, Uber, JBL, Benetton, Alia Bhatt collection and EverPure water purifier.
"Great Online shopping festival is India's version of cyber Monday and is an exciting platform to move the industry forward," said Anandan.
The consumer confidence to shop online has grown considerably in the last 12 months, boosting the growth of both large multinational and homegrown companies, he added.
Google India has partnered Aditya Birla Money My Universe as a preferred partner for this year's event. The initiative was launched by Google in 2012, and has seen tremendous response with most players seeing over 350 per cent growth in daily sales.
— Rajan Anandan (@RajanAnandan) December 9, 2014
376

Sensex  Nifty down 1%; ONGC loses over 4%Sensex, Nifty down 1%; ONGC loses over 4%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 02:16 PM IST
Benchmark indices continued to trade over 1% lower, amid a sharp sell-off in Chinese markets, with oil shares leading the decline tracking further weakness in global crude oil prices.
 At 14:22PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 284 points at 27,839 and the 50-share Nifty was down 84 points at 8,352.
 
In the broader market, BSE midcap and smallcap indices have underperformed their larger peers with losses of around 1.3% each.  Market breadth in BSE is negative with almost two declines for every gainer.
 
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 4,984.60 crore on Monday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
 
Buzzing Stocks
All of the 12 sectoral indices on BSE are in the red. BSE Power and Metal indices have weighed the most with losses more than 2% each followed by BSE Oil & Gas, Capital Goods and Consumer Durables indices which are down by 1.5% each.
BSE IT and Healthcare indices down by 0.1% each have posted marginal losses.
 
Sun Pharma has gained over 1.5% after the Competition Commission of India (CCI) approved the proposed merger between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy, which will result in a combined entity with annual sales worth $4.3 billion, making it the fifth-largest generic drug maker globally.
 
Among financials, housing finance major, HDFC has gained close to 1% while its twin HDFC Bank has gained around 0.32%. Axis Bank and SBI have lost 1.5% and 2% each.
 
ICICI Bank has lost over 1%. Today, the country’s largest private sector bank imposed charges on its own customers for the use of its ATMs for more than five times in a month.  SBI, HDFC Bank & Axis Bank have already introduces ATM use charges.
 
Oil and gas shares are under pressure after global crude oil prices fell to a five-year-low on concerns about supply glut. ONGC has lost more than 3%. Reliance and GAIL have lost around 1% each.
 
Bharti Airtel has lost more than 3%. On Monday, Supreme Court (SC) agreed to hear Department of Telecommunications’ plea challenging the restoration of 3G intra-circle roaming pacts by Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) which enables telecom companies, like Airtel and Vodafone to offer 3G services even in zones where they do not own 3G spectrums by signing pacts with each other. According to media reports, SC has issued notices to Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and Idea Cellular.
 
Shares of metal companies are under pressure, falling by up to 5% on China slowdown fears. Sesa Sterlite, Tata Steel, Hindalco Industries, Steel Authority of India (SAIL), Jindal Steel and Power (JSPL) and JSW Steel are down 2-5%.
 
Meanwhile, domestic passenger car sales increased 9.52% to 1,56,445 units in November as compared with 1,42,849 units in the year-ago month.Motorcycle sales last month declined 3.05% to 8,53,254 units from 8,80,078 units a year earlier, according to data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM).
 
Tata Motors and Maruti Suzuki have lost around 1.3% each.
 
BHEL has lost more than 2%. The company was in news for commissioning a hydro power project in African country Rwanda.
 
Among other shares, SPML Infra has rallied 8% after the company said it has received new orders worth Rs 267 crore and also to raise funds worth Rs 75 crore through qualified institutional placements (QIP).
 
Global Markets
Chinese stocks were swamped by heavy profit booking. Last week, Chinese markets had surged around 9%. According to a Bloomberg report, a sharp sell-off in riskier debt spread to government notes and stocks after Chinese authorities disallowed the use of lower-rated bonds as collateral for some short-term loans. Shanghai Composite Index closed down 5.4%. Hong Kong shares too witnessed heavy selling and the Hang Seng index closed down by 2.4%.
 
Nikkei closed 0.7% down, snapping a seven-day winning streak and pulling away from 7-1/2-year highs as a rebound in the yen prompted investors to book recent gains in exporter shares.
 
Amid weak global cues, European markets have started the day on a weak note. FTSE 100, CAC 40 and DAX indices have lost more than 1% each.
 

Risk aversion rises as oil slides anewRisk aversion rises on growth fears
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/70d9cd30-7f52-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anti-bribery initiatives: Miles to go for India IncHi Guest
Anti-bribery initiatives: Miles to go for India Inc
Corporate India’s efforts to sensitise its employees on anti-bribery and corruption compliance efforts do not seem to resonate with most employees, show the findings of a survey.  Speaking in their individual capacity, around 55 per cent of the respondents in a survey conducted by Deloitte Forensic said they were not sure if their organisation had a specific policy on anti-bribery and what the policy said.   Further, 61 per cent said their companies did not discuss issues related to ...

Morrison Supermarkets-2.00
Winners and Losers are drawn from the set of FTSE 350 equities
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

CCI rider likely to have insignificant impact on Sun Pharma-RanbaxyCCI rider likely to have insignificant impact on Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy
Shishir Asthana | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 03:12 PM IST
Antitrust regulator Competition Commission of India (CCI) on Monday gave conditional approval to Sun Pharmaceutical Industries to buy Ranbaxy Laboratories. The condition laid down by CCI is that the companies will have to divest seven products to ensure the deal is completed.
In the overall scheme of things, the seven drugs account for less than 1% of sales of both the companies. Sun Pharmaceuticals as well as Ranbaxy have issued statements saying that they are willing to comply with CCI’s recommendations.
As a result of CCI’s decision, Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy will divest products worth Rs 137 crore (Rs 54 crore from Ranbaxy and Rs 83 crore from Sun Pharmaceuticals) within six months. In a report, JM Financial points out that Ranbaxy will divest five brands, Sun Pharmaceuticals, one brand, while the seventh will be divested by Ranbaxy, failing which Sun will need to divest it. Further, two of Ranbaxy's pipeline products containing Sitagliptin could be stalled and the eventual launch may be halted as Sun Pharmaceuticals markets these under its brand Istavel and Istamet, licensed from Merck Sharp & Dhome’s versions Januvia and Janumet.
CCI’s move has come as a positive surprise for the market since both Sun Pharmaceuticals and Ranbaxy had submitted 49 products in their submissions to CCI. Edelweiss in its report on the event said that the small quantum of divesture has come as a positive surprise and the divestment will have negligible impact on earnings.
This deal however raises the question of future deals between two giants in the sector. Thankfully for both the pharmaceutical companies, the seven products do not account for much in the overall sales of the company but enjoyed  a market share of 90-95%. Also, as each product’s contribution is low the overall impact on valuation is negligible. In any case, Sun Pharma’s acquisition of Ranbaxy has more to do with its global presence rather than domestic strength.
CCI’s worry is that these products would have given them a monopoly in the market. But the Indian pharmaceutical industry is one of the most competitive in the world, with over 20,000 companies in various therapeutic segments. Ironically, the highest competition in the industry is for products that are under price control.
Higher value products are generally prescription drugs, which are sold by bigger companies using their brand power, marketing strength and relationship with the doctors. However, if the margins are high other players immediately jump in to narrow the gap.
Sun Pharmaceuticals and Ranbaxy have the advantage of belonging to a sector where segmentation of products to judge their market share is well defined. Each segment is broken down not in terms of therapeutic lines but on the lines of APIs (active pharmaceutical ingredients) and further broken down to their combinations. Thus even as these seven products may constitute more than 90% in their segment, they have a less than 0.1% share in the overall market. According to PwC, the top 100 pharmaceutical brands account for 18% of the market. None of the brands have an overall market share of more than 0.5%.
But in a sector where the number of products is few and the categories are not so well defined, CCI’s norm would prevent any merger. Divestment of products making meaningful contribution to the company’s sales would disturb the valuation. It can even be a deal breaker. 

Co registrations decline by half in Apr-Aug ...Adi Godrej
(According to Jaitley,…)
NEW DELHI: The number of new companies registered in the country more than halved to 21,260, during the first five months of 2014-15 compared to preceding year, with the new companies law putting in place safeguards against floating shell firms.
As many as 43,601 companies had got registered during April-August period of the last financial year.
According to Minister of Corporate Affairs Arun Jaitley , the decline in registration of companies in the current fiscal was not due to compliance issues under the Companies Act 2013.
"There is no evidence or feedback suggesting that the decline is in any way attributable to 'tedious compliance' entailed by the new (Companies) Act," the Minister said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha today.
However, it is a fact that the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 have safeguards against floating 'shell companies'," the Minister added.
Further, he said that the drop in number of registrations "is also attributable to introduction of new e-forms and time taken by professionals to become familiar with such forms".
He said the Ministry has set up an expert committee with an aim to review e-Forms, suggest changes aimed at simplifications of such forms and removal of difficulties faced by stakeholders.
Month-wise, April witnessed the least number (765) of company registrations. As many as 9,026 firms had got registered in the same period year-ago.
The highest number of registrations (7,229) were seen in July. This was, however, less than 8,784 company registration in the same month last year.
Besides, May saw 1,789 registrations, while June and August saw 4,801 and 6,676 registrations respectively, this year.
"About 60 percent of the provisions of the Companies Act 2013 entered into force from April 1, 2014, " Jaitley said.
"The Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder contain essential features of good corporate governance which are to be adopted by companies incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013," he added.
Jaitley also noted that the government had included "all policy elements recommended by the Committee on Corporate Governance (Adi Godrej Committee)" in the new companies law.
The Corporate Affairs Ministry is responsible for implementation of Companies Act and all entities registered under this law have to make their filings electronically through MCA21 portal.
In recent times, the Ministry has issued many circulars and notifications with regard to the new companies law.
Among others, four new e-Forms were introduced while two others were modified in September.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buytoletters are taking more of the newHome > Prudential Regulation Authority > Regulatory data > Mortgage Lenders and Administrators statistics - 2014 Q3
 
Mortgage Lenders and Administrators statistics - 2014 Q3
09 December 2014
Page Content
The mortgage lenders and administrators (MLAR) statistics are quarterly statistics aggregated from the returns from around 300 regulated mortgage lenders and administrators, providing data on their mortgage lending activities.
Long run versions of the summary and detailed tables are now available in Excel format, for data going back to Q1 2007. These have been sourced from data published by the FSA on their archive pages prior to Q1 2013 and data published by the Bank of England from Q1 2013. Future publications of these long run tables will only capture revisions made to the latest six quarters of data.
Next release date: 10 March 2015
Additional detail
View all historical MLAR publications
Background of the MLAR
Since the beginning of 2007, around 300 regulated mortgage lenders and administrators have been required to submit a mortgage lenders & administrators return (MLAR) each quarter, providing data on their mortgage lending activities and covering both regulated and non-regulated residential lending to individuals.
Following the commencement of the Financial Services Act 2012, responsibility for the prudential supervision of MLAR reporters has been split between the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). The PRA is responsible for the banks, building societies, key investment firms, friendly societies, credit unions and insurers. The FCA is responsible for prudential supervision of all other types of firm including mortgage administrators and other lenders which do not take deposits. In order to maintain a complete picture of the mortgage sector, the PRA and FCA produce the Mortgage Lenders and Administrators statistics as a joint publication.
The statistics will be published on the websites of both organisations around 2½ months after the end of quarter reporting date. This is in line with the previous publication schedule under the Financial Services Authority (FSA) which first published statistics based on these data in August 2008. Historical editions of the FSA published statistics are currently available to view on the FSA website.
Further information on these arrangements is outlined in the March 2013 Bankstats article and the Bank's website will give access to all of the jointly-published releases. Additionally, for a comparison of the Bank of England's published statistical and regulatory data collections on residential mortgages, please refer to the December 2014 Bankstats article .
Queries
If you have any comments or queries with regard to this release, you can email us at mlar@bankofengland.co.uk .
Further details on the MLAR are also available from the FCA website, which can be accessed in the External Links.
Pre-release access

Inequality is at the highest level for 30 yearsYellen warns on growing inequality
Income inequality has a "statistically significant impact" on economic growth, according to research by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
In the UK, rising inequality cost the economy almost nine percentage points of GDP growth between 1990 and 2010, the think tank said.
The US lost almost seven points.
The OECD also found that redistribution of wealth via taxes and benefits does not hamper economic growth.
"This compelling evidence proves that addressing high and growing inequality is critical to promote strong and sustained growth and needs to be at the centre of the policy debate," said OECD's secretary general, Angel Gurría.
"Countries that promote equal opportunity for all from an early age are those that will grow and prosper."
Widening gap
In the 34 countries that are members of the OECD, the gap between rich and poor is at the highest level in 30 years, the group said.
The richest 10% in those states earn, on average, 9.5 times the poorest.
In the 1980s, they earned 7 times as much.
The only countries in which the OECD found inequality had fallen were Greece and Turkey.
Education
A lack of investment in education was the key factor behind rising inequality, the OECD said.
Fewer educational opportunities for disadvantaged individuals had the effect of "lowering social mobility and hampering skills development," the report warned.
It also said that those whose parents have low levels of education suffer most when inequality rises, whereas family background matters less to those from a more educated social sphere.
The OECD called for policymakers to do more than just implement anti-poverty programmes.
"Policy also needs to confront the historical legacy of underinvestment by low income groups in formal education," it said.
"Strategies to foster skills development must include improved job-related training and education for the low-skilled, over the whole working life."
More on This Story

More on the  nut rage  fiasco at Korean Airlines'Nut rage' delayed Korean Air plane
Heather Cho is the daughter of the airline's boss
A Korean Air executive is under investigation over claims she delayed a plane over the way she was served nuts.
Heather Cho demanded the removal of a crew member from a flight last Friday for failing to serve nuts on a plate.
Ms Cho, a vice-president of the firm, forced the Incheon-bound flight to taxi back to the terminal in New York.
The airline said checking service standards was part of her job, and she had the pilot's backing. But officials said she was a passenger at the time.
Local media reports said that a junior attendant had offered Ms Cho macadamia nuts in a bag, instead of serving the nuts on a plate.
Ms Cho, daughter of company boss Cho Yang-ho, then questioned the chief flight attendant over in-flight service standards and ordered him off the plane.
Korean Air said the plane arrived 11 minutes late, and that the decision to expel the senior flight attendant had been made in consultation with the pilot.
The airline told Korea Times that checking of quality of service was one of Ms Cho's jobs, as she is in charge of in-flight service for the carrier.
The transport authorities are investigating whether Ms Cho's actions infringed aviation law.
"Even though she is senior vice president at the company, she was a passenger at that time, so she had to behave and be treated as a passenger," a South Korea transport ministry official told reporters.
More on This Story

2nd orbit raising manoeuvre of GSAT-16 performed9
0
Bengaluru: The second orbit raising manoeuvre of the country's latest communication satellite GSAT-16 was successfully performed on Tuesday, Indian Space Research Organisation said.
"The second orbit raising operation of GSAT-16 is successfully completed by firing the Apogee Motor for 2203 seconds, at 13:05 PM (IST)," ISRO said on its website. A day after the successful launch of GSAT-16, its Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) was fired on Monday, in the first orbit raising manoeuvre.
The orbit of the satellite will be raised to Geostationary Orbit of about 36,000 km altitude through three orbit raising manoeuvres by firing of GSAT-16's LAM Engine.The satellite will be placed in the Geostationary Orbit by December 12.
GSAT-16 will boost public and private TV and radio services, large-scale Internet and telephone operations.
Subsequently, its communication transponders will be switched on for in-orbit testing, according to ISRO.
GSAT-16 will boost public and private TV and radio services, large-scale Internet and telephone operations.
After its launch was deferred twice due to bad weather, GSAT-16 was placed in orbit by Ariane 5 rocket in the early hours on Sunday from the space port of Kourou in French Guiana.
0

Government should frame national gold policy; set up goldbourse'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
The government should come up with a “national gold policy” focusing on setting up its Exchange and launching of several investment products like gold savings account to put an estimated 22,000 tonnes of idle gold assets into active use, a WGC-FICCI report said today.
Among others, the government should also look at establishing a Gold Board for managing import-export, develop accredited refineries, drive gold monitisation by incentivising banks and introduce compulsory quality certification of gold, it said.
“Looking back, gold consumption has averaged 895 tonnes per annum over the past five years, equivalent to just over 4 per cent of current stockpiles. This shows that, if even a small percentage of household gold were monetised, the impact on Indian imports of gold would be substantial,” said the report prepared jointly by the World Gold Council (WGC) and industry body FICCI, released here today.
Commenting on the report, WGC Managing Director Somasundaram PR said, “It is imperative to find ways of mobilising and monetising 22,000 tonnes of gold in Indian households to fund economic growth. The need of the hour is to re-engage stakeholders to develop a long-term gold policy.”
Given that Indian consumers do appear willing to consider monetising their gold assets, the report said a strong infrastructure and standardisation of price and quality are essential steps in the process.
There is a need to incentivise banks to engage in the process, revitalise the gold deposit scheme and encourage launch of other gold-backed investment products, it said.
At present, financial products linked to gold have been poorly marketed. Many consumers are unaware of them and they are not understood properly.
“If banks were able to include gold in their reserve calculations, they would be financially incentivised to innovate, market and explain gold-based products,” it said.
The report said there is a need to revitalise the Gold Deposit Scheme (GDS) as the survey indicated that consumers would be willing to deposit their gold for interest.
“To date, however, few have done so. Obstacles include the paucity of banks offering the GDS, the size of required deposits, the way in which customers are repaid and timely valuations,” the report said.
Developing and enhancing current gold infrastructure will facilitate the valuation process and banks also need to reduce minimum deposit amounts and consider repaying consumers in cash, the report added.
It also suggested introduction of gold-backed financial products like gold savings account that are easily understood. Gold savings mutual funds should include income tax benefits, much like equity linked savings schemes, the report said.
Gold-backed pensions and insurance products could also be introduced, thereby monetising gold’s central role as a long term wealth preservation asset, the report added.
Stating that a robust infrastructure is required for a fully functioning mobilised gold market, the report said there is a need to set up a Gold Exchange to create a national pricing structure for gold, derived from the London fix.
“The buying or selling of gold in India takes place through many channels, formal and informal. …An exchange would also improve price transparency and assess gold supply and demand. A spot exchange for gold would also involve the construction of high quality storage and vault,” it said.
The report suggested setting up of a ‘Gold Board’ to play a crucial role in formulating a balanced and inclusive gold policy that is both sustainable and dynamic.
Such a Board would manage the import of gold, encourage exports, facilitate infrastructure development and ensure the Indian gold market functions to maximum effect, it added.
Suggesting the government develop accredited gold refineries, the report said that such refineries would play an essential role in well-functioning markets.
Dubai has recently announced the setting up of a gold refinery, largely to cater to Indian gold demand. It would seem logical to focus on raising the standard of India’s own gold refineries. Dependence on imports for top quality gold contributes to the current account deficit in India, the report added.
It also stressed on guidelines for compulsory quality certification of all forms of gold.
“While many larger firms and jewellers in India certify their gold products, smaller shops do not. Compulsory quality certification will encourage accountability, foster an environment of trust and establish an audit trail between manufacturer, retailer and purchaser,” it said.
Among others, the report recommended that the government develop ‘Branded India Gold Coins’, set up gold authorised dealers and have more active marketing strategy for Indian handcrafted jewellery to boost exports.
Gold is the second largest import item for India after petroleum. The government has imposed several restriction to curb imports of gold to contain current account deficit (CAD).
India should allow banks to hold gold as reserves – WGC
(Reuters) India should allow banks to use gold as part of their liquidity reserves, which would let them make more use of gold inside the country and reduce the need for imports, an industry body said on Tuesday, seeing that as an alternative to import curbs.
The world’s second-biggest consumer of the metal should also consider setting up an exchange for transparent gold pricing and to streamline trade, according to a report commissioned by the World Gold Council (WGC).
“We have made our points to the government and some of these recommendations are in consideration,” Somasundaram PR, head of the WGC’s India operations, told Reuters. He did not elaborate.
Last year, struggling with a high trade deficit, India imposed a record 10 percent import duty on gold and a rule requiring a fifth of all imports to be re-exported. Bullion is the second-biggest item on India’s import bill after oil.
The WGC says allowing banks to hold gold as part of their liquidity reserves would motivate them to introduce gold deposit schemes, which would in turn circulate existing bullion within the country, removing some of the need to import fresh supply.
“The solution to meeting India’s enduring appetite for gold lies not in restricting the import of gold, but in making better use of the gold that is already in the country, making it a productive, fungible asset class like any other financial savings,” Somasundaram said in a separate statement.
About 22,000 tonnes of gold is estimated to be held in Indian households.
Gold deposit schemes are already offered by banks but have not proved popular with consumers, who prefer to hold their gold in ornament form and would need strong incentives to give up heirlooms and wedding gifts.
Once the consumer deposits gold with the bank, it is refined to be sold to others. The consumer earns interest and receives gold bars when the term matures, regardless of what was originally deposited.
“At present, financial products linked to gold have been poorly marketed. If banks were able to include gold in their reserve calculations, they would be financially incentivised to innovate, market and explain gold-based products,” the WGC report said.
The re-export rule was scrapped late last month to counter the smuggling and high premiums that had resulted.  Although the rules had curbed gold supplies entering India, consumer demand remained strong.
TAGS: FICCI GDS WGC
More from commodities
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

6 ways to play the momentum meltdown6 ways to play the momentum meltdown
Monday,  8 Dec 2014 |  5:00  PM ET
The "Fast Money" traders give 6 ways to play the momentum meltdown.
SHARES
Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis
© 2014 CNBC LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

Printing industry exhibition in KochiPrinting industry exhibition in Kochi
PTI
Tweet
Kochi, Dec 9:  
A three-day exhibition of pre-press, printing, print finishing, packaging and converting products and services will be held from Dec 12-14 to showcase the recent advancements in Printing Technology.
Titled ‘Print Miracle 2014’, the exhibition is being organised in Kerala after a gap of 22 years.
The exhibition will showcase products and services from over 125 exhibitors, including global leaders like Canon, Heidelberg, HP, Kodak, Pidlite and Xerox, Kerala Master Printers Association President G Venugopal told reporters.
Rajendra Kumar Anayath, Director, The Technological Institute of Textile and Sciences, Haryana, said the printing industry size in India was about USD 23 billion, while in Kerala it was Rs 1500 crore. Globally, it was estimated that the industry size was worth USD 748 billion.
A seminar on ‘Print and Beyond’ on the present and future of printing will be held on December 13.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

India should allow banks to hold gold as reserves: WTOIndia should allow banks to hold gold as reserves: WGC
Reuters
Tweet
MUMBAI/SINGAPORE, Dec 9:  
India should allow banks to use gold as part of their liquidity reserves, which would let them make more use of gold inside the country and reduce the need for imports, an industry body said on Tuesday, seeing that as an alternative to import curbs.
The world's second-biggest consumer of the metal should also consider setting up an exchange for transparent gold pricing and to streamline trade, according to a report commissioned by the World Gold Council (WGC).
"We have made our points to the government and some of these recommendations are in consideration," Somasundaram PR, head of the WGC's India operations, told Reuters. He did not elaborate.
Last year, struggling with a high trade deficit, India imposed a record 10 per cent import duty on gold and a rule requiring a fifth of all imports to be re-exported. Bullion is the second-biggest item on India's import bill after oil.
The WGC says allowing banks to hold gold as part of their liquidity reserves would motivate them to introduce gold deposit schemes, which would in turn circulate existing bullion within the country, removing some of the need to import fresh supply.
"The solution to meeting India's enduring appetite for gold lies not in restricting the import of gold, but in making better use of the gold that is already in the country, making it a productive, fungible asset class like any other financial savings," Somasundaram said in a separate statement.
About 22,000 tonnes of gold is estimated to be held in Indian households.
Gold deposit schemes are already offered by banks but have not proved popular with consumers, who prefer to hold their gold in ornament form and would need strong incentives to give up heirlooms and wedding gifts.
Once the consumer deposits gold with the bank, it is refined to be sold to others. The consumer earns interest and receives gold bars when the term matures, regardless of what was originally deposited.
"At present, financial products linked to gold have been poorly marketed. If banks were able to include gold in their reserve calculations, they would be financially incentivised to innovate, market and explain gold-based products," the WGC report said.
The re-export rule was scrapped late last month to counter the smuggling and high premiums that had resulted. Although the rules had curbed gold supplies entering India, consumer demand remained strong.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Chinas share swapShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
China’s share swap
Dec 8, 2014 : Shares on the Shanghai stock exchange have climbed 22 per cent in the past month. FastFT’s Naomi Rovnick explains to Jonathan Wheatley, deputy emerging markets editor, how this is being driven by falling property prices and lower interest rates.

Maviga trader with finger on the pulsesMaviga trader with his finger on the pulses
By Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28e95f98-4ef3-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bloomberg reports that Vodafone sVodafone Paid Too Little for Kabel, Auditor Says
By Cornelius Rahn 2014-12-09T08:11:42Z
Save
Photographer: Jacob Kepler/Bloomberg
Elliott Management Corp., which is run by billionaire Paul Singer, manages two hedge funds that combined have more than $24 billion of assets under management. Close
Elliott Management Corp., which is run by billionaire Paul Singer, manages two hedge... Read More
Close
Open
Photographer: Jacob Kepler/Bloomberg
Elliott Management Corp., which is run by billionaire Paul Singer, manages two hedge funds that combined have more than $24 billion of assets under management.
Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) ’s $11 billion takeover of Kabel Deutschland Holding AG undervalued the German cable provider, an independent review proposed by activist shareholder Elliott Management Corp. showed.
Investment banks’ financial projections suggest Kabel Deutschland should have been worth 104 euros ($128) a share, according to the Sept. 29 report by Frankfurt-based auditor Constantin GmbH that was released to investors this week. Cost savings and extra revenue after the acquisition could add about 23.50 euros to that value, Constantin said. Kabel Deutschland investors received 87 euros for each share including a dividend.
The findings may bolster Elliott’s case as the New York-based hedge-fund manager, which has held on to its Kabel Deutschland shares, wants Vodafone to pay more. Elliott is suing Kabel Deutschland in a German court, saying Vodafone should have paid more than 250 euros a share. The audit, commissioned at Kabel Deutschland’s shareholder meeting in October 2013, took a year to complete as Constantin sifted through non-public communications among company executives.
“The special auditor picks only the highest value from a wide range of valuations and ignores lower, more reasonable expectations,” Vodafone said in an e-mailed response.
Elliott’s claims are unfounded and “can’t be taken seriously,” said Alexander Leinhos, a Vodafone spokesman in Germany . Kabel Deutschland’s valuation was based on an assessment confirmed by a court-appointed independent auditor and Vodafone doesn’t plan to increase its offer to the remaining Kabel Deutschland shareholders, he said.
Vodafone shares fell 1.3 percent to 227.05 pence at 8:05 a.m. in London trading.
Internal Projections
At the top-end valuation, Kabel Deutschland shares may be worth 150.50 euros including synergies, according the report.
Constantin said there are “indications of a possible breach of duty” by Kabel Deutschland’s executive board as it didn’t make documents available beyond March 31, 2013. The board also didn’t inform financial analysts of its more positive assessment of the carrier’s future growth, according to the report.
Internal planning by Kabel Deutschland showed that revenue would more than double from 1.84 billion euros between 2013 and 2021, the report showed. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization were forecast to more than double from 860 million euros over the same period, the auditor said.
The report also said Kabel Deutschland ended talks in January 2013 over selling access to its network to Telefonica Deutschland Holding AG. Terminating the talks meant Kabel Deutschland investors missed out on an estimated cash value of about 160 million euros from a deal, the auditor said.
Marco Gassen, a spokesman for Kabel Deutschland in Munich, didn’t respond to calls seeking comment.
Elliott, which is run by billionaire Paul Singer , manages two hedge funds that combined have more than $24 billion of assets under management. It began investing in Kabel Deutschland after Vodafone agreed to buy the company in July last year. Elliott funds owned about 13 percent of Kabel Deutschland as of April, data compiled by Bloomberg showed.
In October, Elliott called on EMC Corp. to spin off its software company VMware Inc. (VMW) It also nominated a suite of directors to Family Dollar Stores Inc.’s board in an attempt to push the company to sell to rival Dollar General Corp. and sought contempt orders against Argentina in a bond dispute.
To contact the reporter on this story: Cornelius Rahn in Berlin at crahn2@bloomberg.net
To contact the editors responsible for this story: Kenneth Wong at kwong11@bloomberg.net Robert Valpuesta
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.

For Fed stress tests  US banks form a study groupDec 09, 2014, 05.04 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
For Fed stress tests, US banks form a study group
The Federal Reserve deliberately keeps quiet about how it measures lenders' performance during downturns, to prevent banks from finding loopholes in the process that would allow them to take more risk, senior regulators have said publicly.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
For Fed stress tests, US banks form a study group
The Federal Reserve deliberately keeps quiet about how it measures lenders' performance during downturns, to prevent banks from finding loopholes in the process that would allow them to take more risk, senior regulators have said publicly.
Post your opinion here
 
Executives at the biggest US banks are sharing notes with each other before their next round of tests with federal regulators.
Banks are struggling to figure out what exactly the US Federal Reserve is looking for when it conducts its annual "stress tests," which measure how banks will hold up during times of economic turmoil, bank executives, former Fed officials and consultants involved in the process told Reuters.
In gatherings organized by industry groups as well as more informal forums, executives say they have swapped tips about everything from how to best communicate their data – regulators evidently appreciate robust summaries -- to how to project legal losses in a hypothetical downturn.
The Federal Reserve deliberately keeps quiet about how it measures lenders' performance during downturns, to prevent banks from finding loopholes in the process that would allow them to take more risk, senior regulators have said publicly. It has given banks a little more information recently, but many executives still gripe about the tests.
    "You put something in and one year it's okay and the next year they say 'no,' and you're scratching your head," said one bank executive. The executive, like others that spoke to Reuters, spoke about the stress tests on the condition of anonymity.
    A few years ago, banks might have hesitated to share information with rivals about how they measure risk and how they communicate with the Federal Reserve. Their willingness to talk to competitors about these issues underscores just how exasperated they are with the process.
The Fed does not mind the information sharing, because the banks do not share confidential supervisory information and it is not collusion in any legal sense - it does not result in price fixing or evidently hurt customers in any other way, the executive said. A Fed spokesman declined to comment.
    Regulators have multiple tools for keeping banks in check, including global capital rules known as "Basel III," which rule-makers world-wide have been crafting for years. But Basel III is viewed by the Fed as flawed, because it gives so much leeway to banks to measure how risky certain assets are.
The Federal Reserve has more control over the stress test process, which is part of its annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review. Many analysts believe the Fed will not hesitate to use stress tests to pressure banks to make their balance sheets safer.  
    "The Fed will likely use the CCAR process as a way to help drive capital requirements even higher for the largest U.S. banks," said Steven Chubak, a bank analyst at Nomura.
    As part of the CCAR process, the Fed lists a series of bad scenarios for the financial sector - for example, U.S. economic activity shrinking by 4.25 percent over nine future quarters and unemployment spiking to 11.25 percent, and banks estimate how much their assets will deteriorate in those scenarios.
    They submit reports that run into the thousands of pages to regulators who then make their own estimates for how banks would perform using Federal Reserve models. If the Fed does not like what it sees, the bank cannot increase dividends to shareholders or buy back more stock.
A WIDE GAP
What irks banks is that their stress test results and the Fed's are often far apart, and regulators give little information about how or why they disagree.
For instance, in 2014 Zions Bancorporation, a Salt Lake City, Utah-based bank with $55 billion of assets, said its assessment showed it passed the stress tests: in a hypothetical downturn, it would have capital equal to about 5.9 percent of its assets, above the Fed's 5.0 percent threshold. But the Fed ruled Zions's capital ratio would fall to 3.6 percent in its scenario and issued a failing grade.
Executives also complain that strong capital levels are often not enough: well-capitalized banks can still be prohibited from paying out more dividends for "qualitative" reasons, such as a flaw in its capital planning process. Banks including Citigroup Inc, BB&T Corp and Ally Financial Inc have failed the qualitative portion of the stress tests in recent years.
    To combat the opacity, banks have met in forums hosted by the Clearing House, a trade group for big U.S. commercial and retail banks, the American Bankers' Association, and at other informal venues.
    Among the problems they have discussed is how to effectively write their reports, which must contain detailed information on the mathematical models they employ as well as a narrative piece that describes a lot of the methods that banks used to arrive at their conclusions. Executives say it is a challenge to produce a document that clearly and concisely explains everything to Fed modelers and examiners who may be unfamiliar with individual institutions.
    One senior executive at a large U.S. bank involved in the stress-test process said one thing the Fed pays close attention to is the changes a bank made since the last submission. Instead of describing those changes in an appendix, the executive has learned the Fed preferred it to be addressed at the beginning of the document.
The executive added that given that the Fed has a limited period of time to review submissions, examiners have told other banks that they prefer to see a more detailed executive summary.
    The Fed itself has taken some steps to help banks get a better sense of its expectations on the qualitative portion of the stress tests and how banks should organize their information - its October instructions for the 2015 stress test included a section on their preferential format.
The instructions also contained a "common themes" appendix that explained issues the Fed was looking closely at, such as if assumptions banks used to estimate losses are clearly articulated and how banks account for potential limitations and weaknesses in the models they use.
But some executives say that the more specific information about what it is looking for is not helpful if the Fed does not detail how it reached its conclusions.
    "We've had a lot of conversations about methodologies and the approach to transparency in the CCAR process that have been more of a concern," said Chris Halmy, finance chief of Ally Financial Inc, in an October interview. Ally has been seeking clarity "less about instructions and more about the feedback," Halmy said. 
    Another unresolved issue that banks have been powwowing about is how to estimate legal losses nine quarters into the future. In its common themes appendix, the Fed faulted many banks' projections and said they needed to take into account "possible claims of all types."
Legal losses are notoriously difficult to forecast. Without any more specifics about what the Fed wants banks to incorporate into their forecasts, it is a struggle to produce a result that will satisfy regulators, said one consultant that does stress-testing work for large banks.
    "No one really knows what the Fed is looking for" with respect to potential legal losses, the consultant said. "There may be some objections to capital plans next year as a result."
RELATED NEWS

17 prisoners escape while being taken to Chaibasa court; police kill 5  hunt on for rest 12Dec 09, 2014 at  11:58pm IST
17 prisoners escape while being taken to Chaibasa court; 14 police official suspended
3
0
Chaibasa: Over 17 prisoners on Tuesday tried to escape from jail van while they were being taken back from court to jail in Chaibasa, Jharkhand.
In an attempt to stop the prisoners , police opened fire on them that left two of the absconding prisoner dead while three others critically injured. Other 12 managed to escape from the spot.
The police van carrying 54 prisoners back to jail was fired upon at the jail gate by unidentified criminals.
#jail break #chaibasa court #police #prisoner
Police has launched hunt to arrest the absconding prisoners.
"Inquiry has been ordered into the incident, total 15 naxals were in the police van and around 7-8 naxals have managed to flee. Two naxals were killed while trying to escape and rest have been caught." said Rajeev Kumar, Jharkhand DGP.
14 jail officials suspended after the incident.
2

Bhopal gas tragedy: What former Bhopal SP Swaraj Puri saw at the Union Carbide plant47
0
Bhopal: Swaraj Puri was the Bhopal Superintendent of Police when the deadly Methyl IsoCyanate gas leaked from the Union Carbide factory in the middle of the night of December 2, 1984. Puri has faced criticism for safely escorting the then the Union Carbide Corporation chairman and CEO Warren Anderson to a state plane after he was arrested earlier in the day on December 7.
Did the government let down its own people? Where was Puri on the night of December 2 and how did he react? Did Carbide officials share information with local administration about the gas leak that night? Now 30 years later, does Puri regret facilitating Anderson's escape?
Where was Swaraj Puri and what did he do that night?
#bhopal gas tragedy #swaraj puri #warren anderson #union carbide factory
It happened in the middle of the night. It was a cold wintery night. I had just come home. It must have been 10-15 minutes. I heard a little commotion outside my house. It was a vehicle from the control room and an officer also coming to tell me that something has happened in the city, around the Union Carbide and there was commotion in the town. Since I had just come in and I had little children, I carried a jacket, and boarded a vehicle and moved out. For some reason the telephones were not working that night. So I went to the neighbouring police station Jahangirabad spoke to the control room. The control room had an officer, a sub inspector called Chauhan on duty that night. He told me that inspector Chat Ram Singh had informed that something has happened around the Union Carbide factory, people are moving out, he himself was not feeling comfortable. When he told me this, I decided to go to the Carbide and see what is happening. I went to the Carbide and checked what was happening. By then the exodus had begun, people had started moving out, somebody carrying a blanket, somebody carrying a quilt, moving away from Carbide. I reached Carbide and saw one security man there. I asked him where were the officers? I could see gas, like a plume it was coming out. I asked him what had leaked? He did not know, he was an ordinary security person. I asked him, "Can you take me to the place where it is happening?". He said, "I can't because I can't leave my place of duty." So I made another attempt. I saw another security man. He said, "Sir aap wahan mat jayiye, wahan kaam chal rahi hai (Sir, don't go there as some work is going on)." So I thought let me get back and see what is happening to the town. I went to the hospital - by then my own eyes were burning, I had started to choke, I was not feeling comfortable. I met one doctor Khan, and after meeting doctor Khan and telling him to get himself ready medically, I went back to the control room. And when I was coming to the control room, things were not good. This must have been an hour or, hour and half or so, then I started telling people. The primary aim was to manage the exodus that was happening. There was total panic, I could see. So we mobilised all the vehicles. By then all officers had come out - magistracy, police officers, municipalty. We informed Mr Nagu who was looking after Union Carbide's security, we mobilised vehicles. As far as seeing or meeting the ministers was concerned, I did not personally get to meet them that night. I only met them in the morning. I met the chief minister the next day and the home minister also.
Did he see dead bodies that night?
People were dying was known only at about between 3.30 am - 4 am in the morning because we started picking up information that some people had been brought to a hospital known as Barahsau Pachas. The initial information was that an elderly person with two small children had been picked up from somewhere near Arera hills and they had been brought to the hospital and they were frothing in the mouth. Then I rang up Dr Hiresh who was the forensic expert to tell him that this is what has happened, these are the symptoms, and these people have come there. Somebody said it was accident, somebody said it was poisoning. Seeing the dead bodies, I did not see them, but I did get to know and reacted by asking Professor Hiresh. Professor Hiresh was the first one to tell me that the leaked gas was Cyanide. "Swaraj yeh Methyl IsoCyanate hai (Swaraj this is Methyl IsoCyanate) , cherry red blood is coming , it is some kind of cyanide," he said I wrote it down. It was about 4.30 - 5.00 am in the morning. By the time it was morning, somebody said 60 dead, then 70 dead and then the numbers just went berserk. I did not know what was happening; by the time so much was happening.
Was there a siren that night warning people of gas leak?
I was told that there was a siren for their own people. I did not hear it. Some people in that area told me 'siren baja tha (there was siren)', beyond that I don't know anything. I agree with you, they (Carbide) should have told what has happened, how it happened, what to do and what not to do. That did not happen. Nothing of the kind happened. I told you I had gone to the Carbide factory myself, and I was not able to meet anybody who would have be able to tell me what was happening. And when I did get some information, there was an officer from the Carbide who came to the control room at 3.30 am in the morning and even he did not know exactly what the gas was and what was happening. He just said that the leak had stopped. So I asked him, "Please let me know, what do I tell the people", and he just said that he did not know anything more than that.
In hindsight, they should have done some kind of mock drills, co-ordination exercises with the people of that area if they knew what they were doing. I don't think they did any such thing.
Did he escort chief minister Arjun Singh to safety?
No, where was the question of my meeting chief minister? I was inside the area. I only communicated with their staff. There was an IAS officer called Mr Chacko. I told him that there is panic here, this is what has happened, please tell the chief minister. I did not get to see the chief minister till morning, I met him only in the morning.
Warren Anderson:
I would not like to talk about it, the government has appointed a commission. It is in the fitness of things that I don't discuss this now.
People were let down by their own governments, both central and state:
There is a gross mismatch between expectation and reality. I am at a loss to understand as to how Indian lives are less dear, less costly even vis a vis the lives of guinea pigs in western world. I really wished that people who were sitting in the higher echelons of Carbide, I really wished one of them should have been here that night and shared our concerns, our injuries and then probably waited for them and see how they would have responded and reacted. As far as the government is concerned, I don't know how to react, you read so many things. The Bhopal Memorial Hospital does not have doctors, does not have medicines. People with TB have multiplied manifold and are suffering. In the first 10 years you had young expecting mothers having birth to deformed children, losing their children and suffering a lot. All this would have been better organised, managed if there had been a higher degree of sympathy for the victims. I would blame the Carbide itself because it was the company's burden, The Company was the beneficiary of what was happening here, and it was the one which let it happen and should have taken care of it.
I am at a loss to understand why we were not able to take our case to the American courts and to be able to contest it in a way that the standards of compensation and care were the same for the Indian victim as for an American victim. Ultimately it was an American corporation.
Question: It is a fact that you escorted Anderson out. Thirty years later do you regret it?
Swaraj Puri: I do but I complied with the orders of the government. That is all I can say.
Question: Did you resist?

West Bengal: TMC leader allegedly rapes woman in Puruliamore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Watch Live as Malala Attends Nobel Laureates News Conferencewatch live as malala attends nobel laureates news conference
Asian shares weaker as oil prices continue slideAsian shares weaker as oil prices continue slide
RIL forms JV with China s Ruyi for textile businessHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Reliance Ind in venture with China’s Shandong Ruyi Science
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 9:  
Reliance Industries Limited has formed a joint venture company with China’s Shandong Ruyi Science in a bid to revive its struggling textile business. RIL had started as a textile company under Dhirubhai Ambani but today its textile business accounts for a miniscule part of the company’s revenue
The new venture will bring together RIL’s Vimal brand and Ruyi’s worsted suiting brand ‘Georgia Gullini’. As per the definitive agreements, RIL will transfer its existing textile business into a newly incorporated company, for which RIL will receive cash consideration. RIL will own a majority 51 per cent in the proposed venture, with the balance owned by Ruyi. The company did not disclose the size of the deal. Nikhil R. Meswani, Executive Director, Reliance Industries Ltd., said that the move will help Reliance reposition its textile business on a higher growth path.”
Growth potential
Our partner’s deep commitment and global reach in the textile business will enable this venture to harness the growth potential of the Indian market and emerge as a global textile player,” he said.
Ruyi has revenues of over $3 billion and has a global presence including in the US, Europe, Japan, Australia, New Zealand and China. Ruyi has a portfolio of brands such as ‘Taylor & Lodge’, ‘Harris Tweed’, ‘Royal Ruyi China’, ‘Nogara Italy’ and ‘Indios Italy’. The joint venture company will look at launching some of these brands in India. Qiu Yafu, Chairman, Shandong Ruyi Group, said the partnership with RIL reflected the closer economic relations between China and India.
Through the joint venture Ruyi will hope to capitalise on RIL’s wide distribution network in India while RIL will gain access to Ruyi’s technology and its global reach.
It was earlier reported that in 2012 RIL had put its textile business on the block but did not find any buyer. The textile business contributes $300-350 million to RIL’s overall $65-billion annual revenue. The company’s textile business, located at Naroda, near Ahmedabad, was set up in 1966.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Indians file Whistleblower rewards claim in U.S.Indians file Whistleblower rewards claim in U.S.
K. R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec. 9:  
Indians are filing Whistleblower Rewards claims in United States in sizeable numbers, a report released in Washington on Tuesday by the National Whistleblower Center revealed.
The report-released as part of the U.N. sponsored Anti-corruption Day — highlights that since 2011 over 1,000 whistleblowers from 82 separate countries including India have already made confidential disclosures to U.S. authorities under the American anti-corruption whistleblower reward laws.
These laws permit foreign nationals to file confidential claims in the United States, including claims based on violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, a law designed to combat international bribery of government officials.
“The U.S. reward programs are filling the void caused by a lack of international whistleblower protections. Until other countries enact effective laws, whistleblowers around the world will continue to face harsh retaliation”, said Stephen M Kohn, Executive Director of the National Whistleblower Center.
“It is troubling that whistleblowers have to come to the United States for protection while their home countries have ignored their plight, or participated in the retaliation”.
Meanwhile, a separate report issued by the Chief of the US Securities and Exchange Commission revealed that since 2011 as many as 120 whistleblowers from India had filed whistleblower reward claims (related to securities market) in the United States.
For fiscal 2014 alone, the US SEC received whistleblower submissions from individuals in 60 foreign countries.
After the United States, the highest number of Whistleblower tips in fiscal 2014 came from individuals in the United Kingdom (70 individuals), India (69 individuals), Canada (58 individuals), China (32 individuals) and Australia (29 persons).
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Satyarthi  Malala to get their Nobels on Dec 10 inOsloBy: Associated Press | Oslo (norway) |
Posted: December 9, 2014 5:24 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 8:13 pm
Child rights activists India’s Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistan’s Malala Yousafzai, along with 11 others will receive this year’s Nobel Prizes on December 10.
The Nobel Laureates take centrestage in Sweden’s capital Stockholm and Norwegian Oslo, where they will receive the Nobel medals, Nobel diplomas and documents confirming the Nobel Prize amount.
Satyarthi, 60, and Yousafzai, 17, will share USD 1.1 million Peace Prize at Oslo while all the other awards will be presented here.
“I want to dedicate this award to the children of India. This award is for them. It is also for the people of India,” an elated Satyarthi told PTI.
He hailed the judiciary for talking up the child rights issue on fast track basis.
The Supreme Court of India recently set up a special ‘Social Justice Bench’ to exclusively hear cases concerning social issues particularly those related to women, children and underprivileged.
Satyarthi was also optimistic that the government would do more to protect the rights of children.
“We need more and more MPs to raise this issue in Parliament and laws to abolish child labour in India. I hope the government will do something pro-active in this regard.
Also the society should work towards creating a culture of child rights,” he said.
Satyarthi, along with his wife Sumedha, son, daughter- in-law and daughter reached Oslo yesterday.
Frenchman Patrick Modiano will be presented the Literature Nobel, US-British scientist John O’Keefe and Norwegian husband-and-wife duo Edvard and May-Britt Moser Nobel in medicine and Japanese scientists Isamu Akasaki and Hiroshi Amano and Japanese-born American Shuji Nakamura the Nobel in Physics.
Americans Eric Betzig and William Moerner and German scientist Stefan Hell will share the Nobel in Chemistry while Frenchman Jean Tirole will be presented Nobel for Economics.
Since 1901, the Nobel Prizes have been presented to the Laureates at ceremonies on December 10, the anniversary of Alfred Nobel’s death.
As stipulated in the will of the Swedish-born inventor and international industrialist, the Nobel Prizes in Physics, Chemistry, Physiology or Medicine and Literature are awarded in Stockholm while the Nobel Peace Prize is awarded in Oslo.
Since 1969 an additional prize has been awarded at the ceremony in Stockholm, The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel, which was established in 1968 on the occasion of the Riksbank’s 300th anniversary.
The Prize Award Ceremony in Stockholm has taken place at the Stockholm Concert Hall since 1926. In Oslo, the ceremony was for many years held at the Nobel Institute. From 1947 till 1990, the setting was the auditorium of the University of Oslo. In 1990 the event moved to the Oslo City Hall.
At the ceremony here, presentation speeches will extoll the Laureates and their discovery or work, after which King of Sweden Carl XVI Gustaf will hand each Laureate the diploma continued…

PM Modi wins TIME readers Person of the Year onlinepollModi secured more than 16% of the almost five million votes cast and was on Monday named winner of this year’s readers’ poll.
New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 5:11 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 5:37 pm
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not make the shortlist of eight finalists selected by TIME for its annual ‘Person of the Year’ title but has won the publication’s readers’ poll online.
He secured more than 16% of the almost five million votes cast and was on Monday named winner of this year’s readers’ poll.
TIME editors have not picked him among the eight finalists for the 2014 Person of the Year title. The winner will be announced on Wednesday.
TIME said “a strong showing of readers from India” helped drive Modi’s first-place finish. “More people from the country voted than from any other country, with the exception of the United States,” it said.
Protesters in Ferguson, demonstrating against a grand jury’s decision to not indict police officer Darren Wilson who shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in August, ranked second in the readers’ online poll with 9% of the total votes.
The eight ‘editor’s pick’ finalists, announced by TIME editor Nancy Gibbs, include founder and CEO of the Alibaba Group Jack Ma, Apple CEO Tim Cook, pop star Taylor Swift, Ferguson protestors, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ebola caregivers, National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell and President of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq Masoud Barzani.
Readers from more than 225 countries participated in the online poll with US votes leading the tally at 37%, followed by India at 17% and Russia at 12%. Hong Kong protest leader Joshua Wong, Nobel Peace Prize-winner Malala Yousafzai and doctors and nurses treating Ebola rounded out the top five.
The title, that has been awarded by the magazine annually since 1927, goes to the person who “most influenced the news” during the year “for better or worse”.
Modi was among the 50 contenders which included global leaders, business chiefs and pop icons.
In a separate “Face-off” poll, Modi was pitted against Indonesia’s new president Joko Widodo and maintained a significant lead. He garnered 69% votes as against Widodo’s 31%.

Title II is 1930s regulations: AT&T CFOtitle ii is 1930s regulations: at&t cfo
Delhi rape case: Mumbai Police to check cab drivers  recordsDelhi rape case: Mumbai Police to check cab drivers  records
Petitions seeking Pakistan PM s disqualification dismissedPetitions seeking Pakistan PM s disqualification dismissed
Six held in Gurgaon for prostitutionSix held in Gurgaon for prostitution
No place in Delhi unsafe for women: Police chiefNo place in Delhi unsafe for women: Police chief
The best knock of my life: WarnerThe best knock of my life: Warner
Garware Synthetics: Board meeting on Dec 17  2014Garware Synthetics: Board meeting on Dec 17  2014
Hong Kong shares end lower on profit-taking  China slumpHong Kong shares end lower on profit-taking  China slump
VHCL Industries: EGM on Dec 10  2014Dec 09, 2014, 05.56 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
VHCL Industries: EGM on Dec 10, 2014
VHCL Industries has informed that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company will be held on December 10, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
VHCL Industries: EGM on Dec 10, 2014
VHCL Industries has informed that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company will be held on December 10, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
VHCL Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company will be held on December 10, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Magnum Ventures: Outcome of board meetingDec 09, 2014, 05.43 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Magnum Ventures: Outcome of board meeting
Magnum Ventures has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 09, 2014, has considered and approved the re-appointment of Mr. Abhey Kumar Jain, as Whole-Time Director of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Magnum Ventures: Outcome of board meeting
Magnum Ventures has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 09, 2014, has considered and approved the re-appointment of Mr. Abhey Kumar Jain, as Whole-Time Director of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Magnum Ventures Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 09, 2014, inter alia, has considered and approved the re-appointment of Mr. Abhey Kumar Jain, as Whole-Time Director of the Company.Source : BSE

Print Miracle 2014 expo at Kochi from Dec 12Print Miracle 2014 expo at Kochi from Dec 12
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, Dec 9:  
Print Miracle 2014, an exhibition of pre-press, printing, print finishing, packaging and converting products and services organised by Kerala Masters Printers Association (KMPA) will be held from December 12 to 14 at CIAL Trade and Exhibition Centre in Nedumbassery.
Co-organised by Mumbai-based Showcase, Print Miracle 2014 will showcase products and services from more than 125 exhibitors including global leaders like Canon, Heidelberg, HP, Kodak, Pidilite, Redington, TechNova, Welbound and Xerox among others.
Venugopal, Chairman, organising committee and Ashok Neelkant, Managing Director, Showcase said the one of its kind expo will attract more than 10,000 printers and printing professionals from India and abroad.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

$500 Billion Poor Nations  Climate Costs Soar: U.N.$500 billion poor nations  climate costs soar: u.n.
Remington: Don t Call Gun Fix a  Recallremington: don t call gun fix a  recall
Regulators view a body blow  admits MD of GVK BioUpdated: December 9, 2014 00:28 IST
Regulator’s view a body blow, admits MD of GVK Bio
Special Correspondent
GVK Biosciences CEO Manni Kantipudi. Photo: G. Ramakrishna
TOPICS
company information
“It is a body blow we have taken,” said GVK Biosciences CEO Manni Kantipudi.
He was reacting to the conclusions arrived at by the European regulators on the studies the company had conducted as part of clinical trials.
The company is unsure of when it will emerge from this. The impact is multiple-pronged. It ranged from the drug manufacturers, for whom the trials were conducted at the firm’s facility in Hyderabad, asking for a re-test at the Ahmedabad facility; demanding a re-test at some other facility at GVK Bio’s cost; and refund of the money paid for the trials.
The company is not ruling out the possibility of some of the drug manufacturer-customers seeking compensation from GVK Bio for the loss the regulators orders could cause to them.
“We are ready for the first three options, but not for the last one,” he added.
Around 120 studies, conducted since 2008 for about 35 pharmaceutical companies whose product are sold in Europe, are under scanner. According to Mr. Kantipudi, multiple studies were warranted for some drugs trials and each study cost around Rs.30 lakh.
Prior to this, French regulator had raised concerns over the check-out ECG's conducted at the company’s clinical facility here.

And the winner for the best allusion related to the Lena Denham controversy is Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

20-year-old Jaipur girl gets Rs 2.1 crore offer from FacebookComments
Astha Agarwal had no inkling back in 2009 when she signed up as a user on Facebook that she would one day get an offer from the social networking company.
She had joined FB to keep in touch with people she met in Azerbaijan during the International Junior Science Olympiad, but in May this year, she was at FB headquarters in Menlo Park, California, for summer internship.
After the May-to-July internship, she got the offer to work as a software engineer at FB.
“But it was only recently that I calculated the money in INR and realised mine was the highest among all FB offers,” she says as she shows HT a copy of the offer letter. Astha will join FB in October next year after she completes her eighth semester at Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay (IIT-B).
Video: Here's what Astha has to say
Astha, 20, is the younger of the two daughters of a Rajasthan Vidyut Prasaran Nigam Limited (RVPNL), a transmission company, executive engineer. She is in Jaipur for her winter vacation.
After the news has got out that she’s got a pre-placement offer from the social media company for Rs. 2.1 crore salary, including sign-on bonus and ESOPs, the phone at the modest Agarwal household in government colony on Sahkar Marg in Jaipur hasn’t stopped ringing.
She got into IIT when her elder sister, Pavitra, graduated from IIT, Delhi, as a chemical engineer. She secured all India rank of 90 in IIT-JEE 2011 and joined department of computer science engineering at IIT-B.
However, Astha isn’t as excited about the money as much as she is excited about working for Facebook. “She also got an offer from Google, but she didn’t take it,” her father Ashok Agarwal says.
“As a matter of fact, she hasn’t appeared for any other company during the placements.”
“What I liked about FB was that is has much less employees than Google and it is easier to make an impact with less people around,” she explains why she’s so happy for the offer.
“It’s a start-up kind of a culture, but more than anything, I guess it’s just a matter of choice.” Talking about Zuckerberg, she says she didn’t get a chance to meet him personally during the internship “but I recall from a recent news was that he wears the same t-shirt every day so he doesn’t waste time in deciding what to wear”.
“I think that is something very inspiring and people who complain about lack of time can learn something from this,” she says. Astha is one of the five other IIT-B graduates who have got FB offer: two during pre-placements and three from campus placements.
Astha went to St Xavier’s School in Jaipur and got 98% in Class 12.

Russias rough diamonds bonanza for India on cardsRussia’s rough diamonds’ bonanza for India on cards
Pramit Pal Chaudhuri , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 00:44 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 12:01 IST(9/12/2014)
Comments
Cornered by Western sanctions, Russia is selling resources at rock bottom prices to other parts of the world. India is in a position to do the same when Russian President Vladimir Putin comes for his state visit this week — if New Delhi negotiates properly.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Russian President Vladimir Putin at an informal BRICS meeting ahead of the G20 Summit in Brisbane, Australia. (PTI File Photo)
“Everything is on offer, but India has to determine what it wants,” says Nandan Unnikrishnan, senior fellow and head of Eurasian studies of the Observer Research Foundation.
Russia struck a deal a few days ago with Turkey for natural gas that the European Union spurned, but Ankara got a 6% discount on the already low EU price — some reports say final price was lesser.
Partners in arms, energy, tech: Putin for deeper ties with India
 
Beijing had earlier forced Moscow to accept gas prices that Russia rejected a few years ago. China has also received a 25% price reduction in potash shipments, a key fertiliser ingredient. India and China are the primary importers of Russian potash.
The biggest deal Prime Minister Narendra Modi seems set to strike with Putin, say a number of sources, is for diamonds. Here, New Delhi’s success lies not in prices but in concluding a deal in the first place.
The Putin state visit is expected to lead to Alrosa, the Russian consortium that is collectively the world’s largest diamond producer, agreeing to directly deliver rough diamonds to Indian firms, many centred in Gujarat. Direct shipments would save Indian firms somewhere in the region of `70 to 80 billion a year, say industry estimates.
“Putin will attend the World Diamond Conference as part of this,” says Tatiana Shaumian, head of the Centre for Indian Studies, in Moscow’s Institute of Oriental Studies. “The diamond trade has a great future between the two countries.”
It helps India’s gem industry has grown large enough for Alrosa to pay attention. “In the past, when state-owned MMTC was the main buyer, the offtake was in the $100 million region. Today, we are probably capable of over one billion dollars,” Unnikrishnan said.
India has also sought lower potash prices. However, these waters have been muddied by a breakdown of a Russian and Belarussian duopoly. India will be looking for a longer-term agreement and possibly equity shares in some of the smaller Russian potash firms.

Ready to assist in resolving Kashmir issue if requested: Ban Ki MoonBy: Press Trust of India | United Nations |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:42 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 2:18 pm
UN chief Ban Ki-moon has expressed readiness to engage with India and Pakistan in resolving the Kashmir issue if requested by both and asked them to resume talks to reach an agreement that would serve their security interests as well as that of the region.
“As I have stated in the past, if both countries request it, I am ready to engage further to assist in resolving this issue,” the Secretary General said.
Reiterating that peace in Jammu and Kashmir can be achieved only through dialogue, Ban called on the two countries to resume discussions and said that an agreement on Kashmir would serve the security interests of both countries as well as that of the region.
“I once again encourage both governments to resume discussions and identify confidence-building measures that will allow them to come to an agreement on Kashmir, which will serve the security interests of both countries as well as of the region,” Ban told PTI.
He said that Kashmiris need to be engaged in the process and their rights must also be respected at all times.
Ban said he as well as other senior officials have been in close contact with authorities from both Pakistan and India in recent weeks, given the tensions between the two countries when violence escalated along the Line of Control in October.
Several Indian civilians had been killed and many others injured as Pakistan targeted dozens of army outposts and villages. Pakistan had said that it too had suffered civilian casualties.
“I am saddened by the loss of lives throughout this conflict, including this fall when civilians were killed and thousands more were displaced. I am convinced that peace and stability in Kashmir can be achieved only through dialogue,” Ban said.
India and Pakistan were engaged in a war of words in the UN General Assembly with India strongly rejecting Pakistan’s comments about Kashmir at the world body.
Adviser to the Pakistan prime minister on national security and foreign affairs Sartaj Aziz had written a letter to Ban on the border tensions with India and sought the UN’s intervention, stepping up its attempts to internationalise the Kashmir issue.

India the brightest spot in Asia Pacific region: Standard & Poor sBlack money outflow from India up nine-fold in a decade, loss of $94.7 mn
India has emerged as the brightest spot in the Asia Pacific region as reform has picked up pace in the country in recent months, a top credit rating agency has said.
“India has been the region’s brightest spot since our last report. After a modest beginning, Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi’s government has picked up the pace of reform, eliminating the diesel subsidy in early November, liberalising foreign investment into the insurance sector, and curbing discretionary government spending for the second half of the current fiscal year,” the Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services said.
Confidence has improved and growth momentum is now at around seven per cent, S&P said in its latest quarterly updates on credit conditions in North America, the Asia-Pacific region, Latin America and Europe.
In the Asia Pacific region, Australia’s GDP growth continues to trend at around three per cent, buoyed by reasonably solid consumption and still-strong real exports, despite falling iron ore prices, it said.
Banks and bond investors appear incrementally cautious and selective with their investments throughout the region.
“Our issuer ratings outlook eased slightly to a net negative bias of 11 per cent at the end of October, in line with receding concerns about India. However, the ratio remains high compared to other regions. Cyclical industries such as transportation, building materials, chemicals, real estate development, and capital goods have above-average negative biases,” the agency said.
Some Asia-Pacific economies, it said, are ending 2014 on a relatively lower note than expected, as China’s growth momentum slows under a weaker property market, Japan slips into recession, and external demand has yet to meaningfully improve.
Financial sector turbulence arising from China’s property sector could have effects beyond China.
While a stronger US recovery is export-positive, the concurrent higher hike in the Fed Funds rate could cause stress if not managed, it said.
“Against this backdrop, we see the credit cycle continuing to adjust to slower economic prospects, as well as high household and corporate debt in several countries weighing on some sectors’ credit outlooks,” it said.
The US economic recovery is strengthening, and Standard & Poor’s expects this trend to continue in the fourth quarter and through 2015, boosted by growing momentum in the labor and housing markets.
TAGS: Standard & Poor's Ratings Services
More from economy
Explained: How India will become a common market with GST With cascading taxes gone, over a period of time the lower tax burden could translate into lower prices for goods for consumers...

http://usat.ly/1zHgxJtNew Republic to pause print publishing until February
New Republic to pause print publishing until February after staffers quit over management issues
Post to Facebook
New Republic to pause print publishing until February New Republic to pause print publishing until February after staffers quit over management issues Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A8ZLTp
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
New Republic to pause print publishing until February
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 3:48 p.m. EST December 8, 2014
Former President Bill Clinton gives the keynote speech at the New Republic Centennial Gala Dinner at the Andrew Mellon Auditorium in Washington, Wednesday, Nov. 19, 2014. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen) ORG XMIT: DCCO105
(Photo: Cliff Owen, AP)
2 CONNECT 24 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
The New Republic, the liberal political magazine based in Washington, D.C., will pause print publishing until February next year after about a dozen staffers and other contributors quit last week in protest of newsroom management changes.
The next issue scheduled for Dec. 15, which was in production but unfinished, will not be released, said TNR's CEO Guy Vidra, in a memo to staff. "Despite the incredible work you all are doing, going forward with the issue would run the risk of falling short of this institution's renowned high standards."
Last week, Chris Hughes, co-founder of Facebook who bought TNR in 2012, announced that the 100-year old magazine will cut its print schedule from 20 issues a year to 10 and devote more resources to publishing online and creating other digital ways to generate revenue. He's also moving most of its DC operations to a new office in New York.
Franklin Foer, the magazine's editor, quit last week, citing his reluctance to go along with the new plans. And other journalists – including Leon Wieseltier, its literary editor who's been at the magazine for more than 30 years -- joined Foer in walking out.
Hughes hired Gabriel Snyder, former editor of Gawker and The Atlantic Wire, to replace Foer.
In an op-ed for The Washington Post published Sunday, Hughes said he was "sad" to lose staffers and "regret much of how it happened."
"I didn't buy the New Republic to be the conservator of a small print magazine whose long-term influence and survival were at risk," he wrote. "At the New Republic, I believe we owe it to ourselves and to this institution to aim to become a sustainable business and not position ourselves to rely on the largesse of an unpredictable few."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A8ZLTp
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Private jet crashes into Maryland house  six killedprint
A firefighter stands outside a smoldering house where a small plane crashed in Gaithersburg, Maryland. (AP Photo)
An executive jet crashed into a Maryland house on Monday, killing all three people aboard the plane and a mother and two children inside the house, a fire official said.
The pilot of the jet who died in the crash had previously crashed a plane destined for the same airport in 2010, according to records.
The Embraer SA twin-engine Phenom 100 crashed into a home about one mile (1.6 km) from the Montgomery County Airpark in Gaithersburg, a Washington suburb.
According to the Federal Aviation Administration, the plane was registered to Michael Rosenberg, an adjunct professor of epidemiology at University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill and CEO of clinical research company Health Decisions, Inc.
In 2010, Rosenberg crashed another airplane near Monday's wreck site, although there were no injuries in that crash, according to National Transportation Safety Board records. The 2010 accident occurred at the Montgomery County Airpark, also Rosenberg's destination on Monday, when he lost control while landing and crashed into trees, according to records.
Monday's crash killed Rosenberg who was piloting the aircraft and the two other people on board, as well as a mother and two children in the home, Montgomery County Fire and Rescue spokesperson Pete Piringer said on Twitter.
The crash sparked a fire that destroyed two homes, and three others were damaged. Piringer said crews had contained the fires but some jet fuel had leaked into a stream.
The plane had departed from an airport on the Chapel Hill campus at 9:30am., an NTSB spokesperson told a news conference on Monday night. 
Investigators, who were expected to be on the scene for up to seven days, will examine the experience and training of the pilot, weather factors, engine condition and interview the aircraft controller who handled the attempted landing, NTSB spokesperson Robert Sumwalt said. They will also look into a possible bird strike.
"Our mission is to find out what happened and why it happened so it will never happen again," Sumwalt told the news conference.
Witnesses told local media that the plane had been circling with the wheels down, and looked as if it was struggling for control.

Revenue forgone on tax sops to biz at Rs 1.0...Revenue forgone on tax sops to corporates at Rs 1.03 lakh crore in FY14
PTI Dec 9, 2014, 04.31PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Revenue forgone due to incentives…)
NEW DELHI: Revenue forgone due to incentives and tax exemptions to corporates increased by over 10 per cent to Rs 1.03 lakh crore in 2013-14 from a year ago.
The revenue forgone due to such incentives was at Rs 92,636 crore in 2012-13, Rs 81,214 crore in 2011-12 and Rs 83,328 crore in 2010-11. It was Rs 72,881 crore in 2009-10.
A number of tax incentives are given to businesses for a specified period of time, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha today.
"Such tax incentives are mainly in the form of profit-linked deductions, investment-linked deductions, depreciation and additional depreciation and weighted deduction," Jaitley said.
He said companies may avail such incentives in the current fiscal as well.
"In so far as direct taxes are concerned, tax incentives have been provided to promote creation of infrastructure facilities, balanced regional development, exports, generation of employment, rural development, scientific research and development," he added.
For the current fiscal, the government aims to collect Rs 7.36 lakh crore from direct taxes, up from over Rs 6.36 lakh crore collected last year.
As regards indirect tax, the collection target is over Rs 6.24 lakh crore, up 20.28 per cent over the collection in 2013-14.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India should allow banks to hold gold as re...Gold
(India should allow banks…)
MUMBAI/SINGAPORE: India should allow banks to use gold as part of their liquidity reserves, which would let them make more use of gold inside the country and reduce the need for imports, an industry body said on Tuesday, seeing that as an alternative to import curbs.
The world's second-biggest consumer of the metal should also consider setting up an exchange for transparent gold pricing and to streamline trade, according to a report commissioned by the World Gold Council (WGC).
"We have made our points to the government and some of these recommendations are in consideration," Somasundaram PR , head of the WGC's India operations, told Reuters. He did not elaborate.
Last year, struggling with a high trade deficit, India imposed a record 10 percent import duty on gold and a rule requiring a fifth of all imports to be re-exported. Bullion is the second-biggest item on India's import bill after oil.
The WGC says allowing banks to hold gold as part of their liquidity reserves would motivate them to introduce gold deposit schemes, which would in turn circulate existing bullion within the country, removing some of the need to import fresh supply.
"The solution to meeting India's enduring appetite for gold lies not in restricting the import of gold, but in making better use of the gold that is already in the country, making it a productive, fungible asset class like any other financial savings," Somasundaram said in a separate statement.
About 22,000 tonnes of gold is estimated to be held in Indian households.
Gold deposit schemes are already offered by banks but have not proved popular with consumers, who prefer to hold their gold in ornament form and would need strong incentives to give up heirlooms and wedding gifts.
Once the consumer deposits gold with the bank, it is refined to be sold to others. The consumer earns interest and receives gold bars when the term matures, regardless of what was originally deposited.
"At present, financial products linked to gold have been poorly marketed. If banks were able to include gold in their reserve calculations, they would be financially incentivised to innovate, market and explain gold-based products," the WGC report said.
The re-export rule was scrapped late last month to counter the smuggling and high premiums that had resulted.
Although the rules had curbed gold supplies entering India, consumer demand remained strong.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Password  SMS stealing virus hits Android phonesPassword, SMS stealing virus pose threat to Android phones
PTI
New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 16:10 IST(9/12/2014)
print
Cyber security sleuths have alerted Android-based smart phone users against an infectious Trojan virus which steals vital information from the personal device and can even illegally send SMSes to those on the mobile contact list.
The deadly virus has been identified as 'AndroidSmssend' and it can acquire as many as four aliases to hoodwink the user and perpetrate its destructive activities on a personal Android enabled phone.
"Android/SmsSend is a premium service abuser family malware that arrives bundled with legitimate Android applications and infects Android based smart phones.
"Once infected, it sends text messages (typically with a link to itself or a different threat) to a specific number, typically to numbers on the contact list and is also capable to send SMS to premium rate numbers," the Computer Emergency Response Team of India (CERT-In) said in its latest advisory to Android phone users in the country.
The CERT-In is the nodal agency to combat hacking, phishing and to fortify security-related defences of the Indian Internet domain.
It said that after a typical successful infection of the virus, basic information about the smart phone like IMEI number, device id, device type among others are compromised and it can even install spyware on the targeted device.
The virus is so notorious, the agency said, that it "steals contacts and pictures, tracks the location, steals passwords, illegally accesses text messages, crashes a complete system, steals personal banking information when logged in, installs other sort of spyware and disables firewall and anti-virus program to defend itself."
The CERT-In said the malware is created by modifying the legitimate application and then re-distributing via marketplace or other separate channels.
The agency has suggested some counter-measures in this regard.
"Do not download and install applications from untrusted sources, install applications downloaded from reputed application market only, run a full system scan on device with mobile security solution or mobile anti-virus solution, check for the permissions required by an application before installing, exercise caution while visiting trusted/untrusted sites for clicking links, install Android updates and patches and use device encryption or encrypting external SD card feature available with most of the android OS (operating system)," it said.
Also, avoid using unsecured, unknown Wi-Fi networks and make a practice of taking regular backup of the Android device, the advisory said.

Hagel in Baghdad to meet with Iraqi officialsBy: Associated Press | Baghdad |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:59 pm
US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel arrived in Baghdad today to consult with Iraqi government officials and confer with US commanders about the campaign to defeat Islamic State fighters.
In remarks to a group of US and Australian soldiers, Hagel said the US wants to help Iraq regain the territory it lost to Islamic State militants earlier this year, but said the only lasting solution must come from the Iraqis themselves.
“In the end, that’s where this all goes,” he said in remarks on an outdoor stage shielded by portable concrete walls at Baghdad International Airport.
“Just as in Afghanistan, it is their country,” Hagel said.
“They have to lead. They are the ones that are going to have to be responsible for end results.”
Hagel said the Baghdad government must bring the country together after disastrous years of sectarian division that undermined much of what the US did to train Iraqi security forces.
“The inclusiveness of a government that all their people can join and be part of and have confidence in and trust in is going to be essential to their future,” he said.
On what is expected to be his last overseas trip as Pentagon chief, Hagel landed at the airport under tight security. He is the first US defense secretary to visit Iraq since Leon Panetta was here in December 2011 to mark the end of the US military mission.
Hagel said yesterday during a visit to Kuwait that he believes Iraq’s security forces have gained a new momentum, thanks in part to sustained US airstrikes against Islamic State militants.
The US is committed to helping Iraq roll back the territorial gains the militants made earlier this year, but President Barack Obama has ruled out sending American ground combat forces. He maintains that any lasting solution in Iraq can only be carried out by a newly unified Iraqi government.
At the peak of the war in Iraq the US had about 170,000 troops in the country. When it pulled out, in December 2011, US officials said they believed Iraq was on track to long-term stability. There are about 1,650 US troops in Iraq now.
Hagel was scheduled to meet in Baghdad with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and other government officiais.
During his stop in Kuwait, Hagel said the Islamic State group remains a formidable threat, not only to Iraq but also to neighboring Iran and other countries in the region. He repeated the US government’s policy of not coordinating military action in Iraq with Iran, but he also suggested that Iran has reason to be concerned about the long-term ambitions of the Islamic State.

Delhi cab rape: Police examining legal liability ofUberBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 5:35 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:18 pm
Delhi Police is examining legal liability of Uber taxi service and probing how the fake police verification certificate was provided to the accused in the rape of a 27-year-old woman in a cab in the national capital, Commissioner BS Bassi said on Tuesday.
“Delhi (govt) has issued a notification banning the activities of Uber in Delhi. Police verification certificate was found to be false. An FIR has been registered and it will be probed so that the guilty are punished.
“We are also legally examining what action can be taken against Uber for not fulfilling its promises,” Bassi told reporters after briefing Home Minister Rajnath Singh in Parliament on the progress of the investigation into the case.
Asked about Union Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari’s disagreement with the decision to ban Uber cab services in Delhi in the wake of the rape, Bassi said, “I do not know about the statement. But we are examining the legal liability.
“It is our endeavour to ensure that women are 100 per cent safe and can go anywhere without any problem.”
Delhi Police is taking all steps to ensure that crimes against women are not suppressed, Bassi said, adding that, with a view to ensuring women’s safety, 5,000 cameras have been installed already while 10,000 more are proposed to be installed in various parts of the city.
“Women now feel empowered to complain. We also have to impart self-defence training. In the last one year, we have imparted self-defence training to 14,000 women.
“There is a need to increase so that the gap in physical capacity between women and men is addressed and women can defend themselves,” he said.
The top cop said that the government has decided to increase the number of women personnel in Delhi Police. A total of 1,250 women constables have been hired and they will be on the streets of the national capital after around eight months, he said.
“There are certain areas in the city where there is a high rate of crimes against women, especially the localities of the weaker sections of society. We have deployed women police personnel in beats so that they can directly interact with the women of such areas and talk to them about there problems,” he said.

20-year-old Jaipur girl gets 2.1 crore offer from FacebookComments
Astha Agarwal had no inkling back in 2009 when she signed up as a user on Facebook that she would one day get an offer from the social networking company.
She had joined FB to keep in touch with people she met in Azerbaijan during the International Junior Science Olympiad, but in May this year, she was at FB headquarters in Menlo Park, California, for summer internship.
After the May-to-July internship, she got the offer to work as a software engineer at FB.
“But it was only recently that I calculated the money in INR and realised mine was the highest among all FB offers,” she says as she shows HT a copy of the offer letter. Astha will join FB in October next year after she completes her eighth semester at Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay (IIT-B).
Video: Here's what Astha has to say
Astha, 20, is the younger of the two daughters of a Rajasthan Vidyut Prasaran Nigam Limited (RVPNL), a transmission company, executive engineer. She is in Jaipur for her winter vacation.
After the news has got out that she’s got a pre-placement offer from the social media company for Rs. 2.1 crore salary, including sign-on bonus and ESOPs, the phone at the modest Agarwal household in government colony on Sahkar Marg in Jaipur hasn’t stopped ringing.
She got into IIT when her elder sister, Pavitra, graduated from IIT, Delhi, as a chemical engineer. She secured all India rank of 90 in IIT-JEE 2011 and joined department of computer science engineering at IIT-B.
However, Astha isn’t as excited about the money as much as she is excited about working for Facebook. “She also got an offer from Google, but she didn’t take it,” her father Ashok Agarwal says.
“As a matter of fact, she hasn’t appeared for any other company during the placements.”
“What I liked about FB was that is has much less employees than Google and it is easier to make an impact with less people around,” she explains why she’s so happy for the offer.
“It’s a start-up kind of a culture, but more than anything, I guess it’s just a matter of choice.” Talking about Zuckerberg, she says she didn’t get a chance to meet him personally during the internship “but I recall from a recent news was that he wears the same t-shirt every day so he doesn’t waste time in deciding what to wear”.
“I think that is something very inspiring and people who complain about lack of time can learn something from this,” she says. Astha is one of the five other IIT-B graduates who have got FB offer: two during pre-placements and three from campus placements.
Astha went to St Xavier’s School in Jaipur and got 98% in Class 12.

Uber driver accused in 2 previous rape cases  village celebrates arrestComments
When the news of Uber cabbie Shiv Kumar Yadav's arrest reached Ram Nagar village in Uttar Pradesh's Mainpuri, residents celebrated and women distributed halwa and prayed at the Shiv temple. The picture they painted of the 32-year-old was of a notorious serial sexual offender who terrorised women and had even been banished from the district.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
Yadav, who allegedly raped a woman who took his cab in Delhi on Friday, was arrested in Mainpuri in 2013 on rape charges but released on bail six months later. Delhi Police have already revealed his involvement in another previous case of rape in 2011, for which he spent seven months in Tihar jail but was let off after the case fell.
Official records show Yadav has a string of criminal complaints against him, including two molestation cases, but managed to obtain a character reference signed by a police officer that appeared to have been forged .
He escaped each time due to lack of evidence - something that seemed to embolden him.
Adding to his long list of criminal transgressions, another woman came forward on Tuesday, saying she had filed a complaint against him with Uber barely a month ago but the cab company had taken no action.
"I was coming from Chandni Chowk and the driver started staring at me lecherously through the rear view mirror. The situation got so bad that I had to hide behind the seat to avoid his stares. I later filed a written complaint with Uber but no action was taken," US-based Nidhi Shah, who took the cab on November 26, told NDTV.
Shah also shared her experience on Twitter. She said she received a reply from Uber saying "someone will have a chat with the driver", but there was no further follow-up.
"I blame myself for not taking the complaint seriously. Maybe if I had insisted on stricter action, the (rape) incident could have been avoided," she told the TV channel.
Residents of Ram Nagar village, where Yadav grew up, say he terrorised local women, who dreaded stepping out of their homes after dusk if he was in the village. 
"He is a compulsive sex offender. You won't find a single household in this village whose women he hasn't teased or molested. I know no less than 26-27 cases that never reached the police," said resident Kushun Singh.
Tehsildaar Singh, another villager, said, "Six months ago, he sneaked into the village, pinned down a girl and blackmailed his father into buying him a car. When his father refused, he climbed a tree with a noose around his neck... His father relented."
Delhi cab rape: 'Uber's image last concern, want to see justice done'
This was the same car he used to allegedly rape the 25-year-old financial analyst in Delhi on Friday night.
"Police had barred him from entering Mainpuri. Though people are terrified, they seldom lodge any criminal complaint because they believe it will bring a bad name to the village," said a police officer.
Despite his criminal past, Yadav had managed to forge a character certificate for an all-India tourist permit for his Maruti Swift Dzire.
Yadav's family wants nothing to do with him. "A mother doesn't expect her son to commit such a demonic act. In the past, we did our best to bring him on the right path. It is time now for him to pay for his crime," Ganga Shri, 70, said.
Mahendra Yadav, his former teacher, said, "His father wanted him to pursue engineering. He was a good student till Class 10."
 
Yadav's name entered police books in 2003, when he was 21, for allegedly molesting and assaulting a girl in Mainpuri. From that year to 2009, he was booked several times under the Goonda Act and charged with carrying illegal firearms.
 
On December 13, 2011, the son of a college principal was arrested for allegedly raping a young passenger at Chhatarpur in Delhi. The girl had hired his cab to take her home from a dance bar in Gurgaon.
But, inconsistencies in her statement led to Yadav's acquittal in November next year because the crime couldn't be established beyond reasonable doubt.
 
Yadav was again accused of raping a girl in Mainpuri in 2013. He was arrested after a case was registered with Elau police station but later released on bail.
He became more daring over time. He was charged early this year with molestation and assault of a woman in the Elau area of Mainpuri, where he had already faced eight separate criminal charges. Again he escaped with a rap on the knuckles because of lack of evidence.
Yadav says it was consensual sex: Cops
The police said Yadav was claiming it was a consensual encounter for which he had agreed to pay the Delhi woman the Rs. 20,000 she allegedly demanded. "He claims that after consensual sex, the woman demanded Rs. 50,000 and when he refused to pay up, she threatened to go to the police," an investigating officer said.
According to sources in the Delhi Police, Yadav also gave his interrogators a detailed account of the 'sexual cruelty' he subjected the woman to for almost an hour - slapping her thrice, attempting to strangle her and threatening to insert an iron rod in her, even as she cried for mercy and pleaded saying she was getting married in January.
Police sources said Yadav showed no remorse, was behaving casually and his only demand was 'low-sugar' Marie biscuits with his tea. He was on Tuesday taken to Mathura, where his clothes and two mobile phones were recovered.
"While hiding in Mathura, Yadav was in constant touch with two lawyers. One advised him against undergoing an identification parade  while the other suggested he leave the country and flee to Nepal," the officer said.
Watch: Uber cab driver's mother wants punishment for her son's crime

Assembly elections: Kashmir defies poll boycott callComments
Millions of voters defied a separatist call to boycott assembly elections in Kashmir and voted amid tight security in the third phase of the polls on Tuesday, but the turnout was lower than the first two rounds with voters in separatist stronghold staying away.
Kashmiri voters queue at a polling station in Handwara, about 70 kms north of capital Srinagar. (AFP photo)
The Election Commission said 58% of voters turned up to cast their ballot, lower than record over 70% numbers in the first two phases when Kashmiris battled bone-chilling winter temperatures in a bid to keep the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from gaining in the Muslim-majority state.
Sixteen constituencies in the Valley went to the polls under the shadow of violence after 21 people were killed in a string of militant attacks last week, including one on an army camp in the border town of Uri, but that didn’t stop people in central Kashmir where the turnout was a high 73%. Uri recorded a record high turnout of 79% while the highest percentage in the state was in Charar-i-Sharief were 82% of people came out to vote.
Militant attacks and poll boycott cast a shadow on voter turnout in many areas including the separatist bastions of Sopore and Baramulla in North Kashmir and South Kashmir's Tral and Pulwama.
Sopore logged the lowest numbers at 30 percent while Tral and Pulwama recorded 38 percent voting and Baramulla was moderate at 45 percent. Sopore is the hometown of separatist leader Syed Ali Shah and Tral was one of the worse affected in Friday’s militant attacks, with two civilians killed and 10 injured in a grenade attack in a crowded market.
Many people said they were voting for peace and development in Kashmir which has been torn by a separatist revolt for about 25 years.
"We have borne the brunt of wars between the two countries. The Kashmir issue is too big and complex to be resolved by my vote. Our village got road this year only. Earlier we used to trek on foot. I am voting for a pakka road and hope to see some employment generation here," said Muhammad Hanief, a 50-year-old government employee.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and three of his cabinet colleagues are among 144 candidates whose fate will be decided in the third phase of polling spread across the three districts Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla districts.
The Abdullah scion, however, faces tough competition from Congress which is banking on the local credentials of candidate Nazir Ahmad Khan. Analysts say his National Conference is widely expected to lose in the face of deep anger in the state, especially since the devastating floods in September, while the Peoples Democratic Party is seen emerging as the single largest party in the 87-member assembly.
Some areas in South and North Kashmir witnessed stone pelting and a petrol bomb was hurled by unidentified men at a polling station in Gulmarg constituency. No casualties were reported in the incident, but polling was generally peaceful.
PDP patron Mufti Muhammad Sayeed said the massive turnout was "not only a message to the divisive forces but also an assertion to resolve problems democratically".
“Jammu and Kashmir is sending out a loud and clear massage not only to the divisive forces but also that it wants the problems facing the state resolved through the democratic process," Sayeed said in Khiram area of Bijbehara constituency.
Jharkhand too defied a Maoist call to boycott the polls with 61.35% of voters turning out to vote in 17 constituencies in a bid to end years of political instability in the state which has seen nine chief ministers and been under President’s Rule three times since it was created 14 years ago.
Barring a few incidents of exchange of gunfire between security forces and Maoists in Giridih district and clashes between two political parties in Ichagarh before polling began, the third round passed off peacefully.
A total of 289 candidates are contesting 17 out of the state’s 81 assembly seats, including former chief ministers Babulal Marandi, former deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato, former assembly speaker CP Singh and three cabinet ministers—Annapurna Devi, Rajendra Prasad Singh and Jaiprakash Bhai Patel.

Oscar Pistorius case: Prosecutor says will argue for harshersentencePosted: December 9, 2014 5:56 pm
 
A South African judge will respond on to arguments on whether to allow prosecutors to appeal the verdict and sentence in the case against Oscar Pistorius, who was acquitted of the murder of his girlfriend.
Prosecutor Gerrie Nel outlined his objections to the culpable homicide verdict and sentence against the Olympic runner, saying Judge Thokozile Masipa erred in her interpretation of the law. Masipa, who presided over the Pistorius trial, will also decide whether the case can be heard at the Supreme Court of Appeal.
In October, Masipa convicted Pistorius of the lesser charge of culpable homicide and sentenced him to a five-year prison term. He could be released from prison to be held under house arrest after 10 months.
“There is a very good prospect that we may convince an appeal court that the shortest possible incarceration in a case like this, my lady, is shockingly inappropriate,” Nel said, addressing Masipa in the same courtroom where the murder trial was conducted. If his appeal is granted, said he Nel will argue for a harsher sentence.
The double-amputee athlete is serving his sentence in a Pretoria prison and was not in court.
Pistorius fatally shot Steenkamp in his home on Valentine’s Day, last year. He said he thought a dangerous intruder was in the house; prosecutors allege he killed his girlfriend after an argument and are now appealing his acquittal of murder.
In an argument that continued for over an hour, Nel cited a number of complex cases which resulted in a retrial. This can only happen in specific circumstances because South African law, like U.S. law, does not allow an accused to be tried twice for the same charge.
Pistorius’ defense attorney, Barry Roux, argued against allowing an appeal on either the conviction or sentence.
If an appeal is granted and Pistorius is convicted of murder, he would face a minimum of 15 years in prison.

Jharkhand: Five prisoners killed in police firing  few others go missing after daring escapebidWritten by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Dhanbad |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 12:28 am
Two senior members of the CPI-Maoist were killed and three injured as sentries within the West Singhbhum district jail in Chaibasa town opened fire on a group of 20 prisoners attempting to escape on Tuesday evening.
Fifteen prisoners managed to escape through the main gate. “About 7-8 of the escaped are Maoists. The rest were in jail on general criminal cases. The dead are Ramvilas Tanti and Tipa Das, who were in senior positions,” said DGP Rajeev Kumar. The three injured had not been hit by bullets and have been given first aid.
Das, a platoon commander of the PLGA, was arrested in August this year. Tanti, then in Jamui jail, was one of the eight the Maoists had wanted freed in exchange for the lives of three abducted Bihar policemen in September 2010.
Johnson Ganjhu, whom the police say is an area commander, is the seniormost of the seven escaped who have alleged Maoists connections. “The other six are Maoist supporters. We are searching for them,” said West Singhbhum’s Superintendent of Police Narender Singh.
Home Secretary N. N. Pandey has declared Inspector General of Prisons Shailendra Bhushan will inquire into the incident.
The incident happened when 55 prisoners were being brought back to the jail after being presented in court. They were in a jail van, which entered the jail’s main gate shortly after 4.30 PM. “The rest were already in and while the rest were being taken into the jail itself, someone threw chilli powder at the guards,” said DGP Kumar. There is a version that one of the prisoners took the chilli powder out of his tiffin carrier, but it could not be corroborated.
DGP Kumar said prima facie, the problem was with the jail authorities. “It looks like the main gate was not secured before letting the prisoners out,” he said. There also seems to be a major lapse in following a Standard Operating Procedure, which is to make sure general undertrials do not mix with alleged Maoists during prison transfers. This violation had come to light in the aftermath of an attack on a jail van in Giridih in November, 2012. “I don’t think anyone follows that instruction in the state,” conceded DGP Kumar.
Chaibasa jail has witnessed jailbreaks by Maoists before: In January 2011, senior Maoists Nirbhay, Sandeep and Dhirendra had escaped. They remain at large.

The best investments of 2014 (24/7 Wall St.)Tweet
Every year, new global trends emerge, old ones play out, and the financial markets adjust. This can offer new opportunities for investors to make money if their forecasts are accurate, their investments are timely, and they choose their assets well.
For some asset classes, there has been a bull market: equity mutual funds and stocks have performed well in recent years. One mutual fund, the Matthews India Fund, is up by over 66% this year. For large individual U.S. stocks, Southwest Airlines is the best performer, having more-than doubled in 2014.
Click here to see the seven best investments of 2014.
In other classes, individual investments stood out from the pack. The Vanguard Extended Duration Treasury Index Fund has returned 39% in the year-to-date, versus just over a 5% return in the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. And while the commodities market has lagged, coffee has been a notable exception. ICE Coffee C futures are up over 61%, versus a 24% decline in the S&P GCSI — a widely-tracked commodities index — so far this year.
Yet, just because an individual investment has performed well in the past does not necessarily mean it will perform well into the future. Prices cannot rise forever. This makes sense intuitively: if the price of coffee rose indefinitely, coffee drinkers would refuse to buy it and prices would have to fall to entice consumers to buy coffee again. Similarly, if the price of oil were to fall indefinitely, at some point producers would stop producing until prices rebounded.
Additionally, for many investments, investors must deal with extreme volatility. While recent initial public offerings (IPOs) Radius Health and GoPro are up more than 200% since they were first priced, investors would still have had to enter the market for shares at the right time. Exiting an investment is equally as important. In order to earn a return, investors have to assume risk. In many cases, this risk takes the form of buying-in, or cashing-out, of an investment at an unfavorable price.
Nonetheless, each of these investments has distinguished itself from the market at-large. Investors who started the year with positions in Matthews India Fund, the iShares MSCI India Small-Cap ETF, or Southwest Airlines have reaped the benefits of a good year. But now its next year, and beyond, that counts.
In order to identify the best investments of 2014, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed data from a number of sources. Figures on mutual fund and ETF returns are from Morningstar. We excluded ETFs that aim to provide leveraged, or inverse-leveraged, daily returns from our consideration. To determine bond fund returns, we screened for bond funds exclusively. Figures on large-cap stocks are from Finviz, and represent securities that are part of the S&P 500. Data on IPOs are from Renaissance Capital, and returns on IPOs assume the investor bought shares at the IPO price. Commodities data is from the Stevens Continuous Futures Database. Figures are adjusted by Stevens to weigh contracts based on outstanding volume and to roll contracts over at applicable end-of-the month dates.  Year-to-date returns are all as of December 8, 2014.
These are the best investments of 2014.

Americans to spend more this holiday: Surveyamericans to spend more this holiday: survey
Not asked to refund bookings  says SpiceJetNot asked to refund bookings, says budget carrier SpiceJet
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 6, 2014  | 16:01 IST
Photo: Reuters
Budget passenger carrier SpiceJet on Saturday refuted reports that it has been asked by the regulator to refund bookings made beyond 30 days.
"This is absolutely incorrect and is causing a lot of confusion amongst travel agents and passengers. There has been NO such notification. There is no such requirement," the airline was quoted as saying in a statement.
The aviation regulator is said to have cracked the whip on the airline after it said that as part of its cost-cutting initiative it would only operate 22-24 aircraft, down from 35 planes which were in service till two months ago.
Reports have surfaced which suggest that the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has sought financial and operational information from the airline. The DGCA is said to have asked the airline to furnish data regarding bookings and its plans to operate a truncated fleet.
It has taken into account the number of allocated flying slots given to the airline and directed it to make immediate refunds on cancelled flights.
However, DGCA officials did not comment on the type of measures it has taken against the airline or the information it has sought from the budget passenger carrier.
"We are looking into the matter and are in touch with the its management. Data regarding fleet reduction and cancellation of flights are being investigated," a senior DGCA official said.
Meanwhile, the airline said that it has adequate pilots to manage its fleet and that with the current aircraft in operation, the average flying hours per pilot have been reduced.
The development comes amidst a slew of reports that the airline is facing a financial meltdown and will not be able to continue operations due to an exodus of pilots and mounting debt.
The airline recently reported a Rs 310 crore loss for the quarter ended September, down from the Rs 560 crore loss in the corresponding period of last fiscal.
The airline had also reduced its fleet size and is now operating only 26 aircraft from a fleet size of 35 earlier this year.
Even the company's auditors SR Batliboi & Associates have doubted the airline's ability to stay afloat.
Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said on Thursday that the current business environment is tough for doing aviation business in India and that the current regulations are not helping the sector.
"We have to focus on removing bottlenecks for the sector and make it sustainable again," Raju said, adding that the latest news about the losses made by budget carrier SpiceJet was like getting a 'heart attack'.

Your problem is my problem  Modi tells KashmirisUpdated: December 9, 2014 05:00 IST
Your problem is my problem, Modi tells Kashmiris
Varghese K. George
Tweet
The Hindu
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses an election rally at Sheri Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar Monday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
The Hindu
Women Muslim supporters of BJP listening to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech during an election rally at Sheri Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar on Monday. Photo: Nssar Ahmad
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves to his supporters during an election rally at Sheri Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar Monday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves to his supporters during an election rally at Sheri Kashmir Cricket Stadium in Srinagar Monday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
Jammu and Kashmir
The Prime Minister has promised to take the State to new heights of development.
The “agonies, sorrows and hardships” of the people of the Kashmir valley would be overcome by “development and development alone,” Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, addressing his first election rally in the Kashmir valley on Monday.
At the Sher-e-Kashmir stadium — the same venue where Mr. Vajpayee offered a “hand of friendship” to Pakistan, and talks with separatists in 2003 — Mr. Modi declared that it was his “responsibility to fulfil the dreams” of the former premier. “Insaaniyat [humanism], Jamhooriyat [democracy] and Kashmiriyat [Kashmir’s age-old legacy of amity] were the three pillars of Vajpayeeji’s policy. I am committed to taking forward his dreams,” Mr. Modi said.
Without directly referring to the separatist stream in Kashmir politics, Mr. Modi said, “There has been a lot of suffering. You have taken many roads in the past; look back and see whether they have benefitted you. If you realise that they have not, let us take the path of development that will help you out of all troubles.”
Mr. Modi walked the tightrope between his strong nationalist image and the requirement to reach out to the people of Kashmir, where the BJP is making its first serious bid to emerge as a significant political player. Mr. Modi said he understood the “pain of the mothers who lost their dear and innocent children,” as much as he understood the “sacrifice of the policemen and soldiers who died, protecting the country. While I salute the sacrifice of India’s security forces, I have made it clear that the wrong will be punished. For the first time, the Army regretted shooting innocent people,” he said.
“I as Pradhan Sevak have come to share your pain and anguish. I have not come to take anything. ”
Mr. Modi indicated that he did not intend to discuss Pakistan while discussing Kashmir’s development. He recalled his experiences as Gujarat Chief Minister dealing with the border district of Kutch.
“As Chief Minister of Gujarat I went to the earthquake-affected Kutch [in 2001] on the border with Pakistan. My Muslim brethren told me that leaders who came there discussed Pakistan though they wanted to discuss local politics and development. I listened to them and never invoked Pakistan. Kutch is today the fastest-growing district in the country. If Kutch can do it, Kashmir also can do it,” he said.
Mr. Modi recalled his participation in the SAARC meeting recently in Nepal: “All our neighbours were present. I asked them all what are our fights for. Let all of us fight together, against poverty, unemployment and corruption.”
Asking people to reject the PDP, NC and the Congress, and give a clear mandate to the BJP to develop the State, he emphasised the tourism and hydropower potential of the region. “What better than Kashmir valley does India have to show to the world? Indians who go to Badrinath and Kedarnath are equally desirous of seeing the Valley,” he said, recalling that even during the volatile days of early 1990s, people from Gujarat visited the valley as tourists.

Watch: Paul Rosolie calls off  Enter the anaconda  stunt after 1 hourprint
Paul Rosolie speaks during an interview at the the Discovery Channel offices in New York on December 3, 2014. AFP PHOTO / Timothy A CLARY
When naturalist Paul Rosolie wanted to focus attention on the destruction of the Amazon rainforest, he decided he needed a stunt guaranteed to get people looking.
So the staunch environmentalist offered himself as dinner to an anaconda -- and was prepared to be swallowed alive, filming every moment.
But in the end, Rosolie wasn't exactly ingested by the snake, disappointing viewers who expected a journey into the belly of the deadly beast.
Instead he let the anaconda coil around him before calling the mission off, fearing he might get seriously injured. 
Anacondas, the largest snakes in the world, typically suffocate their prey before ingesting it, making Rosolie's attempt all the more dangerous.
Rosolie survived, and now people all around the world have a chance to watch his harrowing struggle with the beast, after its debut broadcast Sunday night in the United States on the Discovery Channel.
The idea came to him after a decade spent working in, and working to save, the rainforest habitat, Rosolie told AFP. 
"Everybody on Earth knows that the rainforests are disappearing and most people can tell you how important they are, but still, not enough people are paying attention, not enough people realize this is such a problem."
The American activist said he was proud to take on the adventure, even though the prospect of dying was hard to swallow.
Watch the struggle
 An hour inside
To avoid suffocating, experts crafted Rosolie a specially designed carbon fiber suit, equipped with a breathing system -- as well as with cameras and a system to communicate.
"We didn't know if this was going to work, if I was going to be eaten, but we made sure that if I did make it inside the snake, I wouldn't suffocate," Rosolie explained after the ordeal.
The next challenge was trying to find a snake in the Peruvian Amazon jungle.
"We spent 60 days out in the jungle, camping, hiking, looking through swamps every night," Rosolie said.
Eventually, they found a female snake, which at, six meters (20 feet) long, fit the bill.
"When I went up to the snake, it didn't try to eat me right away," Rosolie recounted.
"It tried to escape. And when I provoked it a little bit, and acted a little more like a predator, that's when it turned around and defended itself."
In the end, Rosolie wasn't swallowed whole by the giant serpent, but instead wrestled with the beast as she coiled around him before he aborted the mission.
As the snake wrapped around a suited-up Rosolie -- at one point opening its wide jaws on his helmet -- the daredevil said she was squeezing his arm tight, which he feared might break.
"I felt her jaw on my helmet and I could hear a gurgling and wheezing," he said, after surviving the standoff with the snake.
His team looked on worried as his breathing strained and his heart rate slowed.
He told them he was feeling light-headed and as the anaconda squeezed tight around him, he called for help.
"Guys you need to get in here... I'm calling it I need help!" he said from inside the suit, prompting the support crew to rescue an exhausted Rosolie from the anaconda's powerful grip. 
"Her crush force was fully on my exposed arm so I just started to feel the blood drain out of my hand and I felt the bone start to flex and when that got to a point when I felt like it was about to snap, I had to tap out," he said.
Viewers on social media were swift in criticizing the show's misleading title after it aired Sunday.
"'Eaten Alive' to be retitled 'Eaten Alive: Just Kidding,'" said one user.
Another tweeted: "Eaten Alive? More like Briefly Drooled On By A Snake While Alive."
Anaconda doing well
He insisted his team was careful not to harm the snake and that he was the only one in danger.
"We didn't force the snake to do anything, we didn't ask from the snake anything out of the ordinary," Rosolie said, explaining that "snakes very often regurgitate if they're eating something and a predator comes by, they have to give up their meal so they can escape," he sadi before the program was aired.
The anaconda is now doing well, he said.
But Rosolie has faced fierce criticism from animal rights groups, including from PETA, who said "the snake was tormented and suffered for the sake of ratings."
Rosolie said he even received death threats.
But he wasn't fazed, saying the shock value is important to increase attention to his cause -- even if he was not exactly eaten alive.
A fund linked to the show was set up to raise awareness and money to protect the Amazon and could also allow for more research of anacondas in their habitat.
After the US showing, the inaccurately named "Eaten Alive" will air on December 10 in Finland, Denmark, Hungary, Poland and Sweden, and two days later in Australia, before being broadcast in other countries, including China and India.
Discovery said it expect at least three million viewers in the United States and a million others around the world. 

Kerala: HC orders demolition of DLF project in KochiWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 9, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:13 am
Portions of DLF Riverside, a premium waterfront residential project of realty major DLF in Kochi, which were constructed in violation of the CRZ rules should be demolished, said Kerala High Court on Monday.
Earlier, an expert committee had found that the DLF had encroached upon the backwaters.
The single bench of Justice A V Ramakrishna Pillai issued orders to Kochi Municipal Corporation in this regard. Cancelling the building permit the corporation had issued to DLF in 2007, the court ordered for suspension of further construction activities.
The bench of Justice A V Ramakrishna was acting upon a petition filed by a person E V Antony, who is residing near the project.
The premium residential condominium is spread over 5 acres of land along the backwaters. In five separate blocks, the project has 185 units, whose price tag is between Rs 1.5 crore to Rs 4 crore.
“The project was completed a year back and a major chunk of the units have been sold out, but not occupied as the case has been pending. We are yet to get full details of the verdict regarding the area which has to be demolished as per the court order.
However, we would definitely move an appeal in the high court. The issue with the customers who had bought units at the property would be settled through negotiations,’’ company sources in Kochi said.
Earlier, Kerala government had appointed Chief Secretary E K Bharat Bhushan to study the allegations against DLF. The government had cancelled the environmental clearance given to the project by Kerala Coastal Zone Management Authority.
Bhushan, in his report, had found serious irregularities in granting sanction to construct the 21-storeyed building along the backwaters at Chelavanoor in Kochi. It was found that the company had not even obtained CRZ clearance for the project, which got all clearances within three months in 2007.
The Chief Secretary had found lapses on the part of officials of the Kerala State Environmental Impact Assessment Authority and Kerala Coastal Zone Management Authority in awarding various sanctions for the apartment project.
The report had pulled up the officials of the Kochi Corporation for giving tacit consent for the illegal construction of DLF even after it was found that the reality group had encroached the water body.
Kochi Mayor Tony Chamminni said the corporation would examine how many constructions have come up along the backwaters violating the CRZ rules.

Fannie  Freddie unveil 3 percent down-payment programs15
In an attempt to deflect criticism of the programs as a return to the loose lending standards that led to the foreclosure crisis, officials from Fannie and Freddie say there are safeguards built in to ensure that participants are able to repay the debt.
Agency officials said they expect a broad range of lenders to offer the fixed-rate mortgage programs.
But Bank of America already has said it will continue to require higher down payments.
"The new lending guidelines released today by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will enable creditworthy borrowers who can afford a mortgage, but lack the resources to pay a substantial down payment plus closing costs, to get a mortgage with 3 percent down," said Melvin Watt, director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, Fannie and Freddie's overseer, in a statement. "These underwriting guidelines provide a responsible approach to improving access to credit while ensuring safe and sound lending practice."
There are difference's in the two agency's requirements for borrowers.
For instance,
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac consider a first-time buyer to be someone who hasn't owned a home in the past three years. While Fannie's program will apply only to those buyers, Freddie Mac also will accept 3 percent down-payment mortgages from repeat low- and moderate-income buyers. Also, Freddie Mac will require homeownership counseling for first-time buyers. Its program also will provide for   no-cash-out mortgage refinancing.
Fannie Mae's refinancing option will have a limited cash-out component to cover closing costs, only requires counseling for low- to moderate-income consumers and will allow monetary gifts to be considered as financial reserves.
Industry leaders and legislators have been talking about the potential effect of the shift since October, when Watt announced that the two agencies were working on policies to make it easier for creditworthy but cash-strapped consumers to enter the housing market.
Criticism of the plan started shortly afterward.
Last month Robert Toll, CEO of homebuilder Toll Bros., called the idea "dumb" and Texas Republican Jeb Hensarling, chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, said it would return the housing market to the "slipshod" practices that "wrecked our economy."
Meanwhile, an Urban Institute analysis found that default rates among Fannie- and Freddie-backed mortgages with down payments of 3 to 5 percent and 5 to 10 percent were similar.
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac don't originate mortgages themselves. Lenders sell loans that meet specific criteria to the two agencies, which then package them into securities and sell them to investors. Because the investments are guaranteed, an investor is still made whole if a homeowner defaults on a mortgage, and the agencies can force a lender that originated a mortgage that went bad to buy it back.
Last month, Fannie and Freddie clarified the loan buyback guidelines to ease lenders' worries about getting stuck with bad loans.
Both agencies require a minimum down payment of 5 percent. Fannie Mae offered a 3 percent down-payment program until last year, suspending it because it was the only one doing so, an official said.
The program change will be a boon to the private mortgage servicing industry because homebuyers who make down payments of less than 20 percent typically pay primary mortgage insurance. The smaller the down payment, the longer they'll have to pay for that insurance.

Apple cracks! Drops $42.3B in valueApple cracks! Drops $42.3B in value
By: Matt Krantz December 8, 2014 1:10 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Cracked screen on an iPhone 6. (Photo: USA TODAY)
Apple’s (AAPL) seemingly straight-shot higher is running into gravity, as the company has shed an astounding $42.3 billion in market value since hitting its peak in late November.
Shares are down $2.55 Monday or 2.2% to $112.42, in what’s been a concerning reversal of fortunes for the stock. Shares of Apple are down 6% from their 52-week high notched in November.
It’s easy to look past a 6% loss at most companies, but at Apple that’s means a massive amount of wealth has been shredded. To be exactly, $42.3 billion in market value has been erased since the stock hit its 52-week high of $119.75. In other words, in just about a week the stock has lost more value than than value of 390 stocks individually in the S&P 500.
Perhaps the biggest barrier to Apple stock’s success is itself. The stock is has the largest weight of any stocks in Standard & Poor’s 500 index funds, meaning that the odds of its getting larger is small. Plus, it’s already among the most widely held stock by individual and professional investors.
Meanwhile, the stock’s valuation is hitting concerning levels. It’s trading for 17.7 times its trailing earnings over the past year — and got close to analysts’ 18-month price target. The stock’s top hit right when it hit 18.1 times earnings , which was the same point the stock cratered two years ago and subsequently fell 40%. Analysts have since raised their targets, and are saying the stock is worth $121.76 in 18 months, says S&P Capital IQ. The stock has been struggling since hitting a record $700 billion market valuation, even though bulls say the stock is on its way to be the first ever to be valued at $1 trillion.
Bulls point out that while the stock is trending lower, it’s still up about 40% this year. The bigger they are …

Judge-found facts are a questionable foundation  says the Tenth CircuitBy Will Baude December 8
The Tenth Circuit released a succinct and eloquent opinion today reversing a criminal sentence for various procedural violations. (If you saw “succinct,” “eloquent,” and “Tenth Circuit” and said “Judge Gorsuch!” give yourself a prize.)
Here’s the Court’s description of the first error:
The first arose this way. Early in the sentencing hearing the district judge noted that Mr. Sabillon-Umana was but a bit player in a larger drug operation. In that light, the judge stated that he thought a guidelines base offense level of 32 sounded about right and he asked the probation officer to offer some justification for that number. The probation officer promptly obliged. He told the court that finding Mr. Sabillon-Umana responsible for 1.5 kilograms of cocaine and 1.5 kilograms of heroin sold by the larger conspiracy would yield the court’s desired base offense level. By the hearing’s end, the district court adopted those findings as its own and imposed a sentence based on them. This upended the normal course of events. . . .
As the Court goes on to say, district courts are supposed to find the facts first and then apply the law to them, not decide what answer they want and then find facts to suit. (The Court doesn’t use this metaphor, but it reminds me of people who cheated in their science lab work by just drawing the data points they knew they were supposed to get from the equations.)
There’s lots more in the opinion, including some arithmetic corrections, an important holding about “plain error” review in federal sentencing, and the declaration that “courts are not machine presses and sentences are not widgets to be churned out on some criminal justice conveyor belt.” But from my perspective the other observation of interest was this one:
We admit the proper order of operations we’ve outlined rests in part on a questionable foundation. It assumes that a district judge may either decrease or increase a defendant’s sentence (within the statutorily authorized range) based on facts the judge finds without the aid of a jury or the defendant’s consent. It is far from certain whether the Constitution allows at least the second half of that equation. See, e.g., Jones v. United States, 135 S. Ct. 8 (2014) (Scalia, J., dissenting from denial of certiorari). But in our case Mr. Sabillon-Umana has not challenged the district court’s power to find facts at sentencing.
I covered Justice Scalia’s dissent from denial in Jones here . Perhaps in a case where the issue is properly raised, Judge Gorsuch and other Tenth Circuit judges would be receptive to the Sixth Amendment argument?
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

Modi wins TIME readers Person of the Year online pollModi wins TIME readers’ ‘Person of the Year’ online poll
PTI  New York, December 09, 2014
First Published: 10:00 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 17:42 IST(9/12/2014)
Comments
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not make the shortlist of eight finalists selected by TIME for its annual ‘Person of the Year’ title but has won the publication’s readers’ poll online.
He secured more than 16% of the almost five million votes cast and was on Monday named winner of this year’s readers’ poll.
TIME editors have not picked him among the eight finalists for the 2014 Person of the Year title. The winner will be announced on Wednesday.
TIME said "a strong showing of readers from India" helped drive Modi's first-place finish. "More people from the country voted than from any other country, with the exception of the United States," it said.
Protesters in Ferguson, demonstrating against a grand jury's decision to not indict police officer Darren Wilson who shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in August, ranked second in the readers’ online poll with 9% of the total votes.
The eight 'editor's pick' finalists, announced by TIME editor Nancy Gibbs, include founder and CEO of the Alibaba Group Jack Ma, Apple CEO Tim Cook, pop star Taylor Swift, Ferguson protestors, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ebola caregivers, National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell and President of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq Masoud Barzani.
Readers from more than 225 countries participated in the online poll with US votes leading the tally at 37%, followed by India at 17% and Russia at 12%. Hong Kong protest leader Joshua Wong, Nobel Peace Prize-winner Malala Yousafzai and doctors and nurses treating Ebola rounded out the top five.
The title, that has been awarded by the magazine annually since 1927, goes to the person who "most influenced the news" during the year "for better or worse”.
Modi was among the 50 contenders which included global leaders, business chiefs and pop icons.
In a separate "Face-off" poll, Modi was pitted against Indonesia's new president Joko Widodo and maintained a significant lead. He garnered 69% votes as against Widodo's 31%.

ITC @ new high on Rs 1000-crore expansion planBombay stock exchange
(ITC Ltd surged nearly 1 per…)
NEW DELHI: ITC Ltd surged nearly 1 per cent to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 399.85 in trade on Tuesday, on reports that the FMCG major will invest Rs 1,000 crore for its ambitious foray into dairy and juice businesses which it plans to roll out in the January-March quarter, two people aware of the development told ET.
However, ITC could not sustain the momentum and slipped in red considering the fact that the stock has risen over 9 per cent so far in the month of December, as of data collected on December 8.
At 09:40 a.m.; ITC was trading 1.1 per cent lower at Rs 393.40. It hit a low of Rs 392.90 and a 52-week high of Rs 399.85 on the Bombay Stock Exchange .
The Kolkata-based cigarette-to-FMCG-hospitality conglomerate will make the proposed investment in the short term on manufacturing capacity, marketing, brand building and distribution expenses, two senior industry executives told ET.
ITC has already undertaken over Rs 250-crore investments on these two businesses. Early this year ITC acquired Bengaluru-based B Natural juice brand for about Rs 50-60 crore, which is now being modernised both in terms of formulation and packaging, added the report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi rape: Nitin Gadkari opposes ban on cabs  says need to fix the system46
0
New Delhi: Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday opposed the ban on some taxi services saying there was a need to fix the system instead. Gadkari's remarks came in the backdrop of a Uber cab driver raping a 25-year-old MNC employee on December 5.
Gadkari said, "Train main hua to train band kar de, bus main hua to bus band kar de, taxi main hua to taxi band kar de, iss tarah ki baat theek nahi hai. (It is not right to shut down the service. If the incident has happened in train, then shut down train, if it happens in bus, then shut down bus and if in taxi, then shut down taxi. Such steps are not right)."
He added that the government will look to change the Motor Vehicle Act and have a central information database for all drivers. "This incident has happened because of driving licences," he said.
#nitin gadkari #delhi rape case #mnc employee #uber cab
The Delhi Police has registered a FIR against the accused driver Shiv Kumar Yadav on charges of allegedly forging documents and submitting a fake verification certificate.
Gadkari will make a presentation before Prime Minister at 6 PM for bringing changes to Motor Vehicle Act.
13

PM Modi out of race for Time  Person of the Year  honourPM Narendra Modi out of race for Time 'Person of the Year' honour
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 14:57 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is out of the race of being adjudged Time 'Person of the Year' for 2014.
The American weekly magazine unveiled on Monday its eight finalists for the 2014 edition that include the Ferguson protesters, doctors and nurses treating Ebola victims and Apple CEO Tim Cook.
The winner is due to be announced Wednesday. According to the magazine, the title will be given to those who have, for good or for ill, "most influenced the  news and our lives in the past year".
Others who made it to the final list , announced by the magazine's managing editor Nancy Gibbs, are Russian President Vladimir Putin, pop singer Taylor Swift, National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell, Alibaba Founder and CEO Jack Ma and Masoud Barzani, president of Iraqi Kurdistan since 2005.
CHECK OUT: TIME's brief on why the final contenders made it to the list
PM Modi, however, added another feather to his cap.
Days after being named Asian of the Year by a Singaporean daily, the prime minister won Time's readers' poll of who the Person of the Year should be.
Modi won with over 16 per cent of all votes cast on the magazine's website.

Uber cab rape case: Cops launch crackdown against officialsSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
Officials of international taxi-booking service Uber will be questioned by police for the second consecutive day today in connection with the alleged rape of a 27-year-old finance company executive by its driver.
Uber’s General Manager (Marketing) Gagan Bhatia, who claims to be the in-charge of the company’s India operations, has not been able to provide much information to the police regarding the company’s operations and its policies during questioning yesterday.
Read: Uber’s official statement
Police officials have asked him to produce certain documents today.
“We wanted to know the role of the company while it brings the customer and the car driver into contact through its App. What is the liability of the company if the driver commits a crime as in this case. What is the business model, how it works, who are its promoters,” said a senior police official.
Sources privy to the investigation said Bhatia could not come up with satisfactory answers to questions posed by cops following which he was asked to produce the documents regarding the operations of the company in India.
“He first told us that there is no country head and he reports to one person who heads its operation at EMEA (Europe-Middle East-Asia).If we don’t get satisfactory answers from Bhatia, we may call this EMEA head for questioning,” the official said.
He said they have come across gross violations on part of the company in terms of violation of the Motor Vehicle Act and others.
Yesterday, Bhatia was questioned by a team led by Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Brijendra Kumar Yadav.
Later in the evening Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi said there were “certain gaps in the system” and the company “had certain responsibility” in the case.
In Delhi, black and yellow taxi and radio taxis operate. Radio Taxis were introduced in 2006. Taxi providers work under certain conditions laid down under the Radio Taxi policy of 2006, he said.
“With the expansion of Internet, certain virtual platforms have come up. Uber was one of them. They had been working without any permission from transport authorities and there are certain gaps in the system.They had been bringing the two together – the taxi operator as well as the customer through a virtual platform.
“They had certain responsibilities, because when you are bringing the two together, you are ensuring the customer of certain quality, which was not there,” said Bassi.
Shiv Kumar Yadav, who was driving the uber cab, allegedly raped the woman on Friday night when the victim, who works for a finance company in Gurgaon, was headed back to her home in north Delhi’s Inderlok area.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

Govt  AP ink MoU to provide 24x7 power by  16 | PMO lists steps to boost EoDB rankingYou are here: Home > Collections > Gujarat
Centre, Andhra Pradesh ink MoU to provide 24x7 power in the state by October 2016
Karnika Bahuguna, ET Bureau Dec 9, 2014, 02.40PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(Govt plans to cover entire…)
NEW DELHI: The power ministry has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Andhra Pradesh government under its 'Power for all' initiative that aims to cover the entire state by October 2016.
The Andhra Pradesh government will implement the programme with active support of the Centre, according to the MoU , which says the aim is to provide quality, reliable and affordable power to all domestic, commercial and industrial consumers within a fixed time frame.
The government plans to cover the entire state in a phased manner by October 2016 and provide all unconnected households access to electricity in phases by March 2017.
"In the first phase of the programme, Andhra Pradesh has been chosen along with Rajasthan and Delhi. The success of implementation in these three states will go a long way in determining the roll-out of 24x7 PFA (power for all) in other states," power and coal minister Piyush Goyal said, as per a statement.
The Centre will complement the efforts of the state government in bringing uninterrupted quality power to each household, farmer and establishment in the state, the minister said.
Andhra Pradesh had 8,307 mw total generation capacity on June 2, 2014 - the day it was formed, along with Telangana, after bifurcation of the erstwhile Andhra Pradesh - and it plans to add 2,545 mw in the financial year to March.
Representatives of the central and state governments will meet regularly to review the progress of the programme over the next five years.
"The government of Andhra Pradesh is committed to supply seven hours of free supply to agriculture, which will be increased to nine hours in a phased manner," Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu said, as per a statement.
The Narendra Modi-led NDA government at the Centre plans to supply round-the-clock power across the country by 2019 on the lines of states such as Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. The government is focusing on strengthening transmission and distribution along with augmenting coal production and the renewable energy sector.
"Come 2019, just like Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, the whole of India will get benefits of 24x7 power," Goyal had said last week at the ET Now India Economic Conclave.
FEATURED ARTICLES

D-Street likely to see 10% correction  says Guy Stear  Societe Generale; here s whycorrection
("Rising US interest rates…)
In a chat with ET Now, Guy Stear , Global Head of Credit Strategy, Societe Generale, shares his outlook for the global markets, Eurozone and India. Excerpts:
ET Now: The ECB has kept the rates unchanged, but has revised its growth and inflation rate downwards. What does this mean for growth in the Eurozone, and what kind of impact will it have on global growth?
Guy Stear: Unfortunately, growth in the Eurozone next year is going to be fairly poor. The likelihood is that it will be in the order of 1%.
The real problem in the Eurozone is that the consumer demand remains very weak. We also have very low levels of investment. This is weighing on domestic demand in Europe. This is what is keeping the growth low.
ET Now: Your report states that 2015 is likely to be a more challenging year. What are the key challenges that you foresee for the global markets? What are the implications going to be like for the Indian equity markets?
Guy Stear: There is a range of challenges. The first is that as US interest rates start to rise, there are many questions about how emerging markets in particular will react to that. That is definitely one of the challenges.
Secondly, cheap oil is generally beneficial for equity markets, but there are winners and losers. Some of the emerging markets which are energy exporters have been sensitive to that trend.
The third challenge will be European growth. Growth there remains weak and there are concerns about whether we could start moving into a deflationary period. ECB chief Draghi has warned of this. It will also be a concern for equity markets going forward.
Next year we have quite a bit of divergence between global economies. That is going to have an impact on equity markets and on financial asset generally.
ET Now: What is your view on Indian equities in terms of valuations? Are we overstretched, or are we just fine?
Guy Stear: We do think they are a little bit rich. There are good reasons for that. The political situation has got much better, but the market is really counting on strong levels of improvement in return on invested capital. But it may prove a little bit tricky at least in the first half of next year.
Also, rising US interest rates by mid next year may lead to higher US yields. This could result in a retracement in terms of India. So the market here is a little bit rich, and you need to wait for it to pull back to more attractive levels before scaling back in.
ET Now: Do you see some interim correction in the Indian markets ? Having said that, what are the returns you see over the next one to two years?
Guy Stear: Yes, we do see some scope for corrections in the middle of next year. This correction is likely to be triggered by the rising US interest rates. If the US interest rates start to go up and we start to see higher yields in three to five years, that could be a trigger for a correction in India, which is looking a little bit rich in terms of valuations at the moment.
It could be a 10% correction from current levels. However, given the medium-term positive shift in the markets, we do think that India will ultimately end 2015 up by 10%.
The path for the Indian equities in our view next year is a correction in the second quarter most probably, and then a strong rebound in the third and fourth quarters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apologise or face censure motion  BJP warns TMC s Kalyan Banerjee for remarks against Lal Bahadur ShastriDec 09, 2014 at 02:14pm IST
Apologise or face censure motion, BJP warns TMC's Kalyan Banerjee for remarks against Lal Bahadur Shastri
5
1
New Delhi: The political parties are up in arms against the use of unparliamentary language for any leader. The Bharatiya Janata Party on Tuesday threatened to bring censure resolution against Trinamool Congress MP Kalyan Banerjee if he does not apologise for objectionable remarks against former prime minister Lal Bahadur Shashtri.
Banerjee while addressing a public gathering in West Bengal had attacked BJP leader Siddharth Nath Singh, grandson of Shastri, and used offensive language.
The BJP also raised the issue of abusive language used by West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee against Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The Rajya Sabha Chairperson said that use of abusive language against anyone is condemnable.
The BJP also raised the issue of abusive language used by Mamata Banerjee against PM Modi.
#bjp #tmc #kalyan banerjee #objectionable remarks
The issue was raised in BJP Parliamentary Party meet as well and in Rajya Sabha by Tarun Vijay.
BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said, "Use of foul language by leaders in West Bengal has been condemned by BJP Parliamentary Party, This is Mamata Banerjee's frustration talking."
The CPM leaders were also backing the BJP in its demand.
Last week, the opposition parties cornered the BJP government over the hate speech and abusive words used by MoS for Food Processing Industries Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti.
1

Factors that drove up demand for passenger carsDec 09, 2014, 03.45 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Factors that drove up demand for passenger cars
Sales of automobile sector picked up in November after months of sluggish sales, spurring hopes of a turnaround in economy.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Factors that drove up demand for passenger cars
Sales of automobile sector picked up in November after months of sluggish sales, spurring hopes of a turnaround in economy.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
After months of falling sales, India’s automobile sector got the good news from the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers ( SIAM ). The trade body reported a near 10 percent jump in sale of passenger cars in November 2014 to 156,445 from 1,42,849 units in the year-ago period. Asia’s third largest economy
Check out the reasons that motivated car buyers:
* Lower fuel costs and hope of further cut in prices prompted by recent falls in global oil prices
* A drop in consumer inflation to 5.52 percent in October triggered by lower food prices and fuel costs.
* Impending cut in interest rates in February policy of Reserve Bank of India
* Buyers in a rush to lap up excise cut benefits, which will end post December.
RELATED NEWS

Enhance exposure in housing finance firms: PMOCentral Board of Trustees
(EPFO is considering significantly…)
NEW DELHI: Retirement fund body EPFO is considering significantly increasing its exposure to housing finance companies to comply with PMO's suggestion to fund low cost housing in the country.
The proposal to relax norms for investing in AA+ rated housing finance companies is likely to be taken up at the meeting of the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) apex decision making body, the Central Board of Trustees (CBT) on December 19, as per agenda of the meeting.
The Prime Minister's Office ( PMO ) has suggested that EPFO should deploy 15 per cent of its funds as loan for low cost housing saying it would generate a credit flow of Rs 70,000 crore. The initiative is expected to create 3.5 lakh additional low cost homes.
According to PMO's note, if insurance and pension funds deploy 15 per cent of their fund for the purpose, a total credit flow of Rs 2.3 Lakh crore can be made available to build 11.5 lakh new low-cost homes.
The PMO's note further suggests that in case EPFO fails to invest 15 per cent of its funds in low cost housing then it should be forced to invest the shortfall into Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF) NABARD bonds in line with priority sector limit shortfall guidelines for Banks.
However, EPFO is of the view that disbursing loan is a specialised job normally undertaken by Banks and Housing Finance Companies and is an area totally unknown to it in terms of experience.
According to the agenda, the EPFO has also expressed its inability to collaborate with public sector developers for construction of houses as it is a specialised job.
Considering the priority of the government and the low risk associated with the housing loan, EPFO has proposed to CBT to consider investing in private housing finance companies with upto AA+ rating without any restrictions as eligibility criteria.
These companies will primarily be those in which any state-owned firm has more than 25 per cent of equity holding. This can also be extended to such companies in which dual AAA rated private company has holding of more 25 per cent of the share.
These relaxed norms will make more companies eligible for EPFO investment. These private housing finance companies include GIC Housing, Canara Home Finance, ICICI Home Finance, Gruh Finance and Sundram Paribar.
In the present scenario, EPFO can invest in dual AAA rated bonds of companies. It has invested in HUDCO, HDFC, LIC Housing Finance, National Housing Bank, PNB Housing Finance, Dewan, Housing Finance Ltd and IndiaBulls Housing.
Besides, EPFO has also proposed to reduce minimum service period for withdrawing money for housing finances.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1yHEHFgRisky stuff you're doing on your work computer
Here are five employee behaviors that could cause data breaches.
Post to Facebook
Risky stuff you're doing on your work computer Here are five employee behaviors that could cause data breaches. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1A3pFYP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Risky stuff you're doing on your work computer
Kelly Santos, Credit.com 8:02 a.m. EST December 6, 2014
Here are five employee behaviors that could cause data breaches.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
249 CONNECT 35 TWEET 272 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
With technology driving business growth, more companies are implementing bring-your-own-device policies in the workplace. Almost two in three IT professionals believe employee carelessness is connected to major data breaches that exposed customer information, according to a study by IT security firm Check Point. With the risk of employees causing data breaches of customer and corporate information, employers should consider potential problem areas that could leave sensitive details vulnerable.
Here are five employee behaviors that could cause data breaches .
1. Browsing on social media
Social media may be most dangerous for cybersecurity. About 36% of respondents log into their computers to look at social media sites, according to a survey by GFI Software/Opinion Matters. While browsing through a friend's post online looks harmless, massive data breaches in the past have been caused by social engineering attacks.
2. Shopping online
The same GFI Software said about one-third of all respondents used their work computers for online shopping. Since online shopping retailers store financial information, cyberattackers may target these sites to steal information through unsecured connections and look for unencrypted information. People browsing on the Internet for purchases might also click on a link to a malware-infected site or suspicious websites requesting their credentials.
3. Downloading games on business devices
Although there are tons of games available online, many of these apps might be malware in disguise . Fake games were a major source of malware infections, especially on third-party app stores that are not equipped to scan for malicious software, Forbes reported .
4. Uploading corporate documents with unsafe connections
With more employees spread out in different branches, hubs and more, online collaboration has increased in importance. Employees often upload corporate documents to share and get input from their colleagues. However, when these connections or websites are not completely safe, cybercriminals could get their hands on this information. Firms should ensure workers use Wi-Fi connections that are absolutely secure.
5. Not telling the IT department of threats
While companies may or may not have policies that require employees to use their business devices only for work, there are things that go wrong that may remain unreported. IT security professionals may be unaware of malware or other threats on mobile devices because workers failed to raise the alarm, which could leave threats undetected.
While these five activities are dangerous for businesses, they can also be risky for consumers too. The same malware that you download to your work computer you can just as easily download to your personal computer or smartphone. Be sure you're doing everything to protect your identity . Monitoring your financial accounts and credit are the first line of defense. You can get your credit reports for free once a year under federal law . You can also check your credit scores for free on Credit.com to monitor for any sudden, unexpected changes that may signal your personal data has been used by fraudsters to open accounts.
More from Credit.com

Google Nexus 6 to be available in India from Dec 10Google Nexus 6, Chromecast to be available in India from Dec 10
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 10, 2014  | 09:09 IST
(Photo: www.google.com/nexus/6)
The much-awaited Nexus 6 from Google & Motorola will be available to buyers on Google Playstore from December 10 as part of the three-day online shopping festival.
The Nexus 6 smartphone will be available at a price of Rs 43,999 for the 32GB version and Rs 48,999 for the 64GB variant.
Google on Tuesday unveiled a slew of new products, leveraging on increased consumer confidence to shop online, a company statement said in the national capital.
The products will be promoted through the Great Online Shopping Festival, which takes place from December 10-12.
IN PICS: Google unveils Nexus 6 with Motorola
Google announced the India launch of Google Chromecast (dongle), which will be available for Rs 2,999 at snapdeal.com and select Airtel stores across the country from Dec 10.
Apart from Google, Lenovo announced the launch of new Android-powered YOGA Tablet 2 Pro. The tablet will be available for sale exclusively on Flipkart.com from Dec 10 at Rs 49,490.
"Consumer confidence to shop online is on the rise in India. Convenience, variety and availability of latest products across the country are driving the growth of online shopping in India. We started GOSF in 2012 with just 90 partners and in our third year, we have five times more partners participating in gosf.in, including many first time partners like Big Bazaar, Lakme, Van Heusen and Asian Paints," said Rajan Anandan, managing director, Google India.
In the last few weeks, over 5 million users have visited the gosf.in website, Anandan informed.

BJP will again make Kashmir Bollywood favourite destination: VinodKhannaBy: Press Trust of India | Jammu |
Posted: December 9, 2014 6:16 pm
Recalling the days when no movie would be complete without being shot in Kashmir, actor-turned-politician Vinod Khanna today said that his party would help restore that “lost glory” to the state.
Khanna said that the state was once a favourite destination for the Bollywood and now he felt pained to see “lack of development” there.
“There was a time when no Bollywood movie was complete without being shot in Kashmir, the Prime Minister has resolved to bring back the film industry to your state,” he said.
The BJP Member of Parliament while addressing an election rally in Jammu said, “I have a personal connection with this state as I keep on coming here time and again, but I really feel pained to see that this state lacks development.”
Khanna who held four election rallies in Jammu today in support of the party candidates for the ongoing assembly elections in the state said, “You have tried every one in the past but you were dejected, now that you have an option give BJP a chance and see the difference.”
“Let us all in the Jammu and Kashmir state put our efforts to accomplish the Mission 44+ and bring BJP government at the seat of power to change the destiny of the people,” Khanna said.
The Gurdaspur MP also delivered some film dialogues to thunderous applause from the audience.
Khanna claimed that BJP was the only party that would bring the state of Jammu and Kashmir on the developmental map of the country.
“The roads here are dilapidated, there is no parking, no electricity, and I am told that in summer months water becomes a luxury, what have you people got in all these years, give BJP a chance to see overall development in the state,” Khanna said.
He said that BJP believes in making the state of Jammu and Kashmir a better place to live in. “With the support of the people of Jammu and Kashmir, the time has come when BJP will make the government here and there will be overall development of the state,” he said.
He said that BJP was also committed to improve the economic condition of the people of the state.

Top Chinese Army General  charged in graft case  amassed $98 million inwealthBy: Press Trust of India | Beijing |
Posted: December 9, 2014 6:12 pm
A top Chinese General under scanner for corruption was found to have 60 houses, 400 kgs of gold
jewelry and expensive art works amounting to a staggering over USD 98 million, a state media report said on Tuesday.
Former Deputy Chief of the PLA’s General Logistics Department — Lt General Gu Junshan — was found to have amassed goods and property worth more than 600 million yuan (USD 98 million) from bribes, state-run China Daily reported.
Gu was charged with embezzlement, bribery, misuse of State funds and abuse of power in March.
Such a haul would be the largest in any corruption case involving a member of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA), the report said.
His three siblings and his secretary, Qiao Xijun, were also arrested.
Investigators are working to determine whether more than 40 other officers were involved in his alleged misconduct, it said.
The anti-graft campaign targeting the armed forces is likely to continue, according to a report in the Phoenix Weekly.
The China Daily also reported that Gen Dai Weimin, Dean of PLA’s Nanjing Political College was held for probe into corruption charges, especially allegations that he took bribes in connection with land and construction projects.
The PLA was hit by major corruption scandals since early this year after several top officials including Gen Xu Caihou — the powerful Vice Chairman of Military Commission under
ormer President Hu Jintao who controlled the armed forces till 2012– were found to have accumulated vast wealth.
The anti-corruption drive was launched by incumbent President Xi Jinping. 70-year-old Xu was placed under official investigation on corruption charges, along with his wife, daughter and one of
his former secretaries.
Gu was another General owned dozens of properties in Beijing while his brother, who set up plants to produce military supplies, had built seven villas.
Previous reports said Gu’s compound occupied nearly a hectare of land, built on the lines of the Forbidden City.
Gu’s position gave him extensive influence over the procurement of housing, infrastructure and supply contracts for China’s 2.3-million-strong armed forces.
The case allegedly involves State property worth 30 billion yuan (USD 5 billion).
Investigators raided a storage basement that Gu kept at his home village in Henan province, seizing four truckloads of items, including 20 crates of liquor and 400 kg of gold.
Gu became a grassroots officer in the armed forces in Henan when he graduated from high school, but was promoted rapidly to the vice-minister level.
The trial will be heard behind closed doors by a military court, as cases involving military secrets or that concern national security are not tried in public, the report said.

Universal Starch Chem Allied: Outcome of board meetingDec 09, 2014, 06.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Universal Starch Chem Allied: Outcome of board meeting
Universal Starch Chem Allied has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on November 08, 2014, has taken the following decision: - Accepted the Resignation of Shri Sarvadamansingh R. Vaghela as a Director on the Board of Directors of the Company with effect from November 08, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Universal Starch Chem Allied: Outcome of board meeting
Universal Starch Chem Allied has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on November 08, 2014, has taken the following decision: - Accepted the Resignation of Shri Sarvadamansingh R. Vaghela as a Director on the Board of Directors of the Company with effect from November 08, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Universal Starch Chem Allied Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on November 08, 2014, has taken the following decision:- Accepted the Resignation of Shri Sarvadamansingh R. Vaghela as a Director on the Board of Directors of the Company with effect from November 08, 2014.Source : BSE

Radio cabs in Kolkata under police radarDec 09, 2014 at 05:22pm IST
Radio cabs in Kolkata under police radar
18
0
Kolkata: The Kolkata Police have begun scrutinising safety measures being offered by cab services operating in the city, following the alleged rape of a woman executive by an Uber taxi driver in New Delhi, a senior traffic official said on Tuesday.
The Kolkata Police are identifying and scrutinising safety measures put in place by the radio cabs and call-a-cab services in the city, he elaborated.
The Delhi government banned "all activities" by Uber company in the national capital. It also blacklisted the firm from providing transport services in Delhi in future.
The Kolkata Police are identifying and scrutinising safety measures put in place by the radio cabs and call-a-cab services in Kolkata.
#radio cab #kolkata police #kolkata #uber
The drastic action followed the arrest on Sunday of the taxi driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, from Mathura in Uttar Pradesh. He allegedly raped a 25-year-old woman executive on Friday night and escaped thereafter.
"We are identifying the cab services which are many in the city. We are trying to check what kind of measures they have arranged to ensure passenger safety whether they are making any kind of driver verification and whether they have installed services like GPS tracking etc.," Deputy Commissioner (Traffic) V. Solomon Nesakumar told reporters on Tuesday.
However, there are no such stringent safety checks for the 30,000-odd yellow taxis that normally ply everyday.
"The cab owners and drivers are responsible for the passengers' safety and whenever we get any complaints or feedback we look into them," said Nesakumar.
The incident has brought the problem of verification details of the cabbies under the scanner of the Communist Party of India-Marxist's (CPI-M) labour arm Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU).
"This is a serious matter and something must be done to verify the credentials of the cabbies. Since a major chunk of the taxi drivers are from other states, it is essential to keep track.
"We have not received any communication on the issue from the state transport department yet, but we will look into it and see if we can come up with steps to ensure safety," CITU leader and former minister Anadi Sahu told IANS.
According to Siddhartha Pahwa, Group CEO, Meru Cabs Co. Pvt Ltd., each driver working for the company has to get police verification done and the company also keeps the biometric record of the driver.
Additionally, the taxi company uses technology to track each and every trip, said Pahwa.
"This incident is most unfortunate and at this sensitive time our thoughts are with the victim and the family.
"As leaders who have built this category, passenger safety has always been our highest priority. This industry has two components; the consumer and the driver and we have always focused on building the right ecosystem," said Pahwa in a statement.
1

Radio taxis distances itself from app-based services like Uber10
0
New Delhi: Seeking to disassociate themselves from Uber-like services, an apex body of radio taxi operators on Tuesday asked the government to take urgent steps to regulate unlicensed app-based cabs to ensure passenger safety in the wake of the rape of a woman allegedly by a driver.
The Association of Radio Taxis said that the trust and confidence of people in private cabs have been eroded following the rape case, and passenger safety and security should be given top priority by the all concerned.
Addressing a press conference in New Delhi, the Association President Kunal Lalani said they are running licensed services, unlike app-based services like Uber.
The Association of Radio Taxis said that the trust and confidence of people in private cabs have been eroded following the rape case, and passenger safety and security should be given top priority by the all concerned.
#radio taxis #uber cab #uber application #delhi rape
"An impression is being created that all radio cabs are unsafe. But that is completely false because we are running licensed services in accordance with rules laid down by the state governments," Lalani said.
The Association claimed to represent 13 operators including Mega Cabs, Easy Cabs, Meru Cabs, Tab Cabs which run their services in several cities across the country. A 27-year-old finance executive was raped allegedly by a driver of app-based cab booking service Uber in the city on Friday night which has triggered widespread outrage.
The Association said there are around 19 companies in  India operating 25,000 odd cabs together. As per the association, every radio taxi generates revenue between Rs 70,000 to Rs 80,000 per month.
"We are asking that there should be a regulation and the all taxis must be regulated. This is the only way we can ensure safety and security and transparency in the business," Lalani said.
The Association would also ask its member radio taxi operators to face similar regulations if they are running app-based services through their subsidiaries. Stating that they are not against the app-based companies, the Association said it has written to state governments "to regulate" those companies who are presently "non-licensed".
1

India  Russia to sign 20 agreements during President Putin s visitDec 09, 2014 at 05:15pm IST
India, Russia to sign 20 agreements during President Putin's visit
17
1
New Delhi: As the spate of high profile visits continue, Russian President Vladimir Putin will come to India on Wednesday amidst a great deal of animosity between him and the West over the crisis in Ukraine. But during his visit a host of big-ticket deals are expected to be signed from energy to defence to diamond-cutting.
The most powerful man in the world according to Forbes magazine will touche down in New Delhi for the fifth time. Vladimir Putin will be in India, on a short one day trip as part of the 15th annual India-Russia summit and there is a list of big ticket agreements on the anvil.
Why Putin'S visit is important
The most powerful man in the world according to Forbes magazine will touche down in New Delhi for the fifth time.
1. Upto 20 agreements expected to be signed
2. Highlight to be vision document on Indo-Russia ties
3. Roadmap on nuclear energy cooperation, more units in Kudankulam
4. ONGC Videsh to be get rights to explore Russian oil fields
5. Agreement on diamond cutting
Russian Ambassador to India, Alexanderkadakin said "There will be around 20 agreements related to different fields and sectors"
Q: Are you proposing any new nuclear site as well?
A: We are deciding on the name of the nuclear site.
Q: What agreements will be there on defence sector?
A: There will be big agreements on it."
But all's not well in this time-tested relationship. Recent irritants include
All'S not well in Indo-russia ties
1. Russia concerned about India's perceived proximity to US
2. India concerned about Russia-Pak defence agreement
3. Russia already supplying Mi-35 choppers to Pakistan
4. Russia recently signed $400 billion gas agreement with China
But the Russian Ambassador chooses to play them down.
Alexanderkadakin said "Russia, which is India's strategic ally, will not take any step that will be detrimental to India. This must be kept in mind and there is nothing to worry about it."
4

Huge turnout in Kashmir shows peoples faith in Narendra Modi: RSS leader IndreshKumarWritten by Arun Sharma | Jammu |
Posted: December 9, 2014 6:28 pm
RSS leader Indresh Kumar on Tuesday attributed the heavy voter turnout during assembly elections in the Valley to the establishment of Narendra Modi government’s credibility among the people of Kashmir through its big steps so as to make them have faith in democracy, its truthfulness and righteousness.
Referring to the criticism against Prime Minister Narendra Modi meeting former separatist leader Sajjad Lone ahead of assembly elections as BJP’s desperation to come to power in Jammu and Kashmir, the RSS leader said that BJP is not “power hungry’’.
“However, one thing is clear that the problem of Kashmir has been less social and more political,’’ he said, adding that the parties who ruled the state in the past could not establish rule of democracy and also people’s faith in its truthfulness and righteousness.
“As a result, when Narendra Modi initiated steps in the direction, they (people of Kashmir) turned to polling booths resulting in 71 – 72 per cent polling during the assembly elections,’’ he added.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi has established his government’s credibility among people in Jammu & Kashmir,’’ he said, adding that those criticizing him are actually baffled for their failure to do so during the period they were in power. They are the people who have been rejected by people in the Valley, he added.
Indresh, who was here to have an interaction with Muslim intellectuals at a meeting organised by Muslim Rashtriya Manch, used to frequently visit Valley during peak militancy when almost all the mainstream ruling and opposition politicians had moved to safer places in Jammu, Delhi and even abroad. To help people in distress in the troubled Valley, the RSS leader, according to people in the Sangh Parivar, had helped local Kashmiri Muslims set up more than 200 NGOs.
Through heavy voter turnout, the people of Kashmir have not only expressed their preference for education, development, jobs, health and security over the AK 47, but this trend from bullet to ballot also show that they want to come out of the atmosphere of fear, he pointed out.
“It is their love for Modi government in Delhi and India that they have been turning up in huge numbers at polling booths,’’ RSS leader said, adding that “what ever may be the outcome of election results, the situation in India especially Kashmir will fast improve leading to progress and development’’.

Dont hand over state to thekedars : Modi to JharkhandelectorateBy: Press Trust of India | Dhanbad |
Posted: December 9, 2014 6:28 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:00 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on December 9 asked the electorate in Jharkhand to give a decisive mandate to BJP for a strong and stable government in the state and not opt for a coalition as “thekedars” (contractors) will then enjoy all power.
Modi also accused the Opposition parties of needlessly targeting his government, saying they have run out of issues.
“Jharkhand needs stable government. This time don’t make a mistake. Elect a strong BJP government. If you vote for a majority government then the reins of power will be in the hands of the people, but (in the event of a) coalition government reins will go in the hands of thekedars,” Modi told an election meeting here.
Dhanbad goes to polls in the fourth phase on December 14.
He said, “You have done this for the country, will you not do it for the sake of Jharkhand ?… Coalition governments in the country have given power in the hands of ‘thekedars’ and you know what they have done to the country and the states for so many years.”
“In the Lok Sabha elections, you have rejected the opposition,” he said while hoping that people would reject them again in the ensuing state assembly elections.
Hitting out at the opposition, he said “These days leaders of opposition parties are very upset. They have to campaign for the sake of their survival and are going to Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir too. But they don’t have any issues against the Modi government. They are repeating their speeches made during the Lok Sabha elections. There is bankruptcy of issues for opposition.”
Referring to abundance of coal in Jharkhand, Modi said, “You are siting on black diamond. Don’t you like to see it sparkle? But who will make the black diamonds sparkle?
“Modi is ready for it, but Jharkhand has to give an opportunity to him to utilise the mineral-resources in the development of the state and the country.”
The Prime Minister said his government’s policies will help the mineral-rich state progress fast and reap benefits of its coal reserves.
On the coal scam and the Supreme Court verdict on it, Modi said though it came as a “blow” and “pained” the government, it was taken up as an “opportunity” to improve things.
Apparently referring to Jharkhand witnessing nine governments in the 14 years of its existence, Modi said the period is very crucial even in a person’s life as it is the adolescent time and proper nurturing is needed.
“14 to 18 years is also crucial for a state and the (next) five years will lay the foundation for the next 100 years,” he said promising that if BJP is voted to power with majority it would lay the foundation of development in mineral-rich Jharkhand.
Modi lambasted the opposition also for “lying” to the people continued…

Party politics drown farmers cry for relief in Maharashtra Assembly CouncilWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 9, 2014 6:26 pm
The drought situation in Maharashtra which has adversely affected 40 lakh farmers failed to culminate into a healthy discussion as members of the ruling BJP-Shiv Sena and Congress-NCP engaged in the political battle to score brownie points. The pandemonium in the assembly and council lead to adjournment of both the houses by Tuesday afternoon.
The agriculture package from the state for drought relief could be up to Rs 3,500 to Rs 4000 crore. The formal decision would be made weekend. The Centre has also granted Rs 4,500 crore relief package to tide over agrarian crisis.
The Congress and NCP walked to the well of the assembly and council demanding the government should accept their demand for adjournment motion which amounted to suspending all days work for the discussion. The argument from the government was they would allow two to three days discussion after the question hour which is sacrosanct and also relates to issues of the people.
The chief minister Devendra Fadnavis said, “The government had already listed the drought discussion in the Tuesday’s agenda. The government reckons the severity of the drought and hardships of the farmers. We want a healthy debate and government is sensitive to the problems.”
Yet, Congress and NCP members squatted on the floor raising anti-government slogans, blowing whistles, making cat calls to register their protest against the Fadnavis government.
Senior NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal said, “The drought is not confined to any single district. It has gripped almost two-third of Maharashtra. The government should first spell out what drought package it is going to offer.” Bhujbal stressed, “Why are they reluctant to accept our demand of holding debate under section 97.”
Interestingly, there was unanimity between members of ruling BJP, Shiv Sena and Opposition parties Congress, NCP for the two day debate on drought. But the single factor that thwarted the functioning was the government’s refusal to concede opposition’s adjournment motion. Instead, government said, “It should be in accordance to the agenda listed on day’s business.”
Despite five adjournments due to pandemonium in the assembly the speaker Haribhau Bagada could not restore order. In the chaos and confusion the government got its day’s business cleared.
Highly placed sources in the opposition said, “Running the assembly and council is state’s responsibility. They should have taken the leaders across party lines in confidence and found a way out to resolve the deadlock.”
The maximum incidents of farmers suicides have been recorded from six distressed districts of Vidarbha. Whether it was Wardha, Yavatmal, Akola, Buldhana, Amravati or districts of Latur, Parbhani, Osmanabad, Beed, Jalna in Marathwada the crop failure, rising debt, refusal of financial institutions to give loans are some of the critical issues which leaders were expected to debate and provide solutions.
According to insiders, “It was the tactical move of Congress and NCP to force adjournment continued…

Tennis ace in a happy spaceUpdated: December 9, 2014 18:53 IST
Tennis ace in a happy space
RAVEENA JOSEPH
Somdev Devvarman. Photo: M Vedhan
TOPICS
tennis
Somdev Devvarman tells about life on and off court
He’s a sportsman all right: tall, well built, with ripping muscles and ruffled hair. He’s briefly visiting the city he loves, the one he was raised and schooled in. At the Lacoste showroom at Express Avenue, those who recognise him scramble for an autograph or photograph, anything to prove that they’ve actually met him. For those who don’t, he gives no reason to suspect that he’s India’s No. 1 tennis player.
Somdev Devvarman, who started his sports career in the city two decades ago, betrays no sign of stardom. When he was 9, he was so energetic that his parents decided that a few hours of sport every evening would keep him out of trouble. Tennis was the natural choice, because there were two courts located conveniently close to where the Devvarmans lived in Nungambakkam. Little did they know that when Somdev got his hands on a racket, he’d fall so hopelessly in love with the game that he’d keep playing till he reached the finals of the Chennai Open, win gold at the Commonwealth Games and the Asian Games, play all four grand slams and continue after he received the Arjuna Award for his successes.
He’s played against some of the biggest names in the game, including Roger Federer, who he looked up to even before he started playing professionally. He confesses that the first time he played Federer, he stared at him in awe for a whole five minutes before he got himself together, ready to take him on. “When I first started out, I was a little star-struck with tennis players; that’s not so anymore. I’ve played against Nadal, Federer, Djokovic, and alongside Leander, Mahesh… I'm on tour now myself,” he says with a modest grin.
In 2002, he moved to the U.S. to pursue his dreams, while getting a degree in Sociology from the University of Virginia. “Tennis being an individual sport, you can often take a non-traditional route, and college tennis in the United States is played at a very high level,” he explains. He started playing professionally in the summer of 2008 and has since been travelling the world, playing the sport he loves for a living.
“I would shuttle between the room, courts and the airport, and that’s all I’d see of a city. For the lasy three or four years, I’ve been a lot more adventurous and I’ve started enjoying the cities I go to a lot more,” says Somdev.
He’s never in the same city for longer than two weeks, but he travels with a team he shares a strong camaraderie with, and is always accompanied by his fitness trainer and physiotherapist, so there’s no dearth of company.
His closest friends, however, the ones he takes the effort to keep in touch with through WhatsApp groups and the ones who fly out to see him play at tournaments, are those he grew up playing tennis with in Chennai. He spends about two months a year here, even though his parents have moved back to their hometown in Tripura, because he feels deeply connected to the city. It’s been almost 10 years since he left, so his Tamil is not as fluent as it used to be, but he says he can speak enough to haggle with an auto driver, an activity he finds rather fun. He’s quick to say that he definitely sees himself moving back to India at some time in the future.
He doesn’t make grand plans though, because he says they nearly never fall in place. “I just go with the flow,” he casually admits. At 29, he’s not sure how long he’s going to play the sport professionally. Having already overcome a shoulder injury which kept him away from the sport for most of 2012, he says it’s tough to see himself bouncing back should he suffer another one. “At this point I feel like, if things go well, I’d like to continue with it. If not, I’ll have to think of other options.” What those options will be, he’s yet to figure out. He has a lot to come home to though — close friends, a supportive family and the social initiative, Life Is A Ball, that he co-founded to educate disadvantaged children through sport. He also admits there’s a girl he’s been seeing for close to a year now. He blushes a little bit, deciding if he should reveal anymore when asked if she’s from Chennai. “I’d rather keep that information private,” he says decidedly. Neither of them is thinking about marriage at this point, but they are both happy with where things are.
He’s surprised, and struggles to come up with an answer when asked about the worst part of being a professional tennis player. “To be honest, I don’t have too many complaints about the job that I do. I’m very happy and blessed. I get to hit a little yellow tennis ball all around the world. I learn a lot, make many friends and have so many experiences. I think it’s any kid’s dream,” he says happily.

Password  SMS stealing virus pose threat to Android phonesPassword, SMS stealing virus pose threat to Android phones
PTI
New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 16:10 IST(9/12/2014)
print
Cyber security sleuths have alerted Android-based smart phone users against an infectious Trojan virus which steals vital information from the personal device and can even illegally send SMSes to those on the mobile contact list.
The deadly virus has been identified as 'AndroidSmssend' and it can acquire as many as four aliases to hoodwink the user and perpetrate its destructive activities on a personal Android enabled phone.
"Android/SmsSend is a premium service abuser family malware that arrives bundled with legitimate Android applications and infects Android based smart phones.
"Once infected, it sends text messages (typically with a link to itself or a different threat) to a specific number, typically to numbers on the contact list and is also capable to send SMS to premium rate numbers," the Computer Emergency Response Team of India (CERT-In) said in its latest advisory to Android phone users in the country.
The CERT-In is the nodal agency to combat hacking, phishing and to fortify security-related defences of the Indian Internet domain.
It said that after a typical successful infection of the virus, basic information about the smart phone like IMEI number, device id, device type among others are compromised and it can even install spyware on the targeted device.
The virus is so notorious, the agency said, that it "steals contacts and pictures, tracks the location, steals passwords, illegally accesses text messages, crashes a complete system, steals personal banking information when logged in, installs other sort of spyware and disables firewall and anti-virus program to defend itself."
The CERT-In said the malware is created by modifying the legitimate application and then re-distributing via marketplace or other separate channels.
The agency has suggested some counter-measures in this regard.
"Do not download and install applications from untrusted sources, install applications downloaded from reputed application market only, run a full system scan on device with mobile security solution or mobile anti-virus solution, check for the permissions required by an application before installing, exercise caution while visiting trusted/untrusted sites for clicking links, install Android updates and patches and use device encryption or encrypting external SD card feature available with most of the android OS (operating system)," it said.
Also, avoid using unsecured, unknown Wi-Fi networks and make a practice of taking regular backup of the Android device, the advisory said.

Assembly polls: J-K defies poll boycott callComments
Millions of voters defied a separatist call to boycott assembly elections in Kashmir and voted amid tight security in the third phase of the polls on Tuesday, but the turnout was lower than the first two rounds with voters in separatist stronghold staying away.
Kashmiri voters queue at a polling station in Handwara, about 70 kms north of capital Srinagar. (AFP photo)
The Election Commission said 58% of voters turned up to cast their ballot, lower than record over 70% numbers in the first two phases when Kashmiris battled bone-chilling winter temperatures in a bid to keep the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from gaining in the Muslim-majority state.
Sixteen constituencies in the Valley went to the polls under the shadow of violence after 21 people were killed in a string of militant attacks last week, including one on an army camp in the border town of Uri, but that didn’t stop people in central Kashmir where the turnout was a high 73%. Uri recorded a record high turnout of 79% while the highest percentage in the state was in Charar-i-Sharief were 82% of people came out to vote.
Militant attacks and poll boycott cast a shadow on voter turnout in many areas including the separatist bastions of Sopore and Baramulla in North Kashmir and South Kashmir's Tral and Pulwama.
Sopore logged the lowest numbers at 30 percent while Tral and Pulwama recorded 38 percent voting and Baramulla was moderate at 45 percent. Sopore is the hometown of separatist leader Syed Ali Shah and Tral was one of the worse affected in Friday’s militant attacks, with two civilians killed and 10 injured in a grenade attack in a crowded market.
Many people said they were voting for peace and development in Kashmir which has been torn by a separatist revolt for about 25 years.
"We have borne the brunt of wars between the two countries. The Kashmir issue is too big and complex to be resolved by my vote. Our village got road this year only. Earlier we used to trek on foot. I am voting for a pakka road and hope to see some employment generation here," said Muhammad Hanief, a 50-year-old government employee.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and three of his cabinet colleagues are among 144 candidates whose fate will be decided in the third phase of polling spread across the three districts Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla districts.
The Abdullah scion, however, faces tough competition from Congress which is banking on the local credentials of candidate Nazir Ahmad Khan. Analysts say his National Conference is widely expected to lose in the face of deep anger in the state, especially since the devastating floods in September, while the Peoples Democratic Party is seen emerging as the single largest party in the 87-member assembly.
Some areas in South and North Kashmir witnessed stone pelting and a petrol bomb was hurled by unidentified men at a polling station in Gulmarg constituency. No casualties were reported in the incident, but polling was generally peaceful.
PDP patron Mufti Muhammad Sayeed said the massive turnout was "not only a message to the divisive forces but also an assertion to resolve problems democratically".
“Jammu and Kashmir is sending out a loud and clear massage not only to the divisive forces but also that it wants the problems facing the state resolved through the democratic process," Sayeed said in Khiram area of Bijbehara constituency.
Jharkhand too defied a Maoist call to boycott the polls with 61.35% of voters turning out to vote in 17 constituencies in a bid to end years of political instability in the state which has seen nine chief ministers and been under President’s Rule three times since it was created 14 years ago.
Barring a few incidents of exchange of gunfire between security forces and Maoists in Giridih district and clashes between two political parties in Ichagarh before polling began, the third round passed off peacefully.
A total of 289 candidates are contesting 17 out of the state’s 81 assembly seats, including former chief ministers Babulal Marandi, former deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato, former assembly speaker CP Singh and three cabinet ministers—Annapurna Devi, Rajendra Prasad Singh and Jaiprakash Bhai Patel.

http://usat.ly/1qplNSaApple cracks! Drops $42.3B in value
By: Matt Krantz December 8, 2014 1:10 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Cracked screen on an iPhone 6. (Photo: USA TODAY)
Apple’s (AAPL) seemingly straight-shot higher is running into gravity, as the company has shed an astounding $42.3 billion in market value since hitting its peak in late November.
Shares are down $2.55 Monday or 2.2% to $112.42, in what’s been a concerning reversal of fortunes for the stock. Shares of Apple are down 6% from their 52-week high notched in November.
It’s easy to look past a 6% loss at most companies, but at Apple that’s means a massive amount of wealth has been shredded. To be exactly, $42.3 billion in market value has been erased since the stock hit its 52-week high of $119.75. In other words, in just about a week the stock has lost more value than than value of 390 stocks individually in the S&P 500.
Perhaps the biggest barrier to Apple stock’s success is itself. The stock is has the largest weight of any stocks in Standard & Poor’s 500 index funds, meaning that the odds of its getting larger is small. Plus, it’s already among the most widely held stock by individual and professional investors.
Meanwhile, the stock’s valuation is hitting concerning levels. It’s trading for 17.7 times its trailing earnings over the past year — and got close to analysts’ 18-month price target. The stock’s top hit right when it hit 18.1 times earnings , which was the same point the stock cratered two years ago and subsequently fell 40%. Analysts have since raised their targets, and are saying the stock is worth $121.76 in 18 months, says S&P Capital IQ. The stock has been struggling since hitting a record $700 billion market valuation, even though bulls say the stock is on its way to be the first ever to be valued at $1 trillion.
Bulls point out that while the stock is trending lower, it’s still up about 40% this year. The bigger they are …

Trouble in techlandtrouble in techland
Have Microsoft shares gone too far too fastHave Microsoft shares gone too far too fast?
Have Microsoft shares gone too far too fast?
FBR Capital's Daniel Ives discusses the possibility of Microsoft buying back shares or issuing a dividend. He speaks with Bloomberg's Matt Miller on "Street Smart."
FBR Capital's Daniel Ives discusses the possibility of Microsoft buying back shares or issuing a dividend. He speaks with Bloomberg's Matt Miller on "Street Smart."

Credit Partner - SME CorporatesNegotiable
Further information
As a Credit Partner you will be working with a wide portfolio of our SME corporate clients to prepare independent recommendations for credit applications and undertake appropriate due diligence and portfolio management, including covenant compliance.
This is an excellent role with high visibility and the opportunity to work closely with front office, internal stakeholders and external clients.
As a Credit Partner your skills and qualifications will ideally include:
Education to degree level or appropriate industry qualifications
Extensive experience in corporate risk analysis on a diverse portfolio of SME / mid-market corporates (ideally within the £2.5m - £50m turnover bracket)
Sanctioning experience within a corporate credit risk team is essential
Demonstrable experience of working across the suite of corporate banking products
Demonstrable exposure to the UK SME and mid-market corporate banking sector
An excellent understanding of financial forecasting methodology, credit rating interpretation and loan documentation
Good interpersonal skills
As a Credit Partner your main responsibilities will involve:
Representing Corporate & Commercial Credit Risk at client meetings alongside the Relationship Director
Undertaking counterparty analysis and preparing independent recommendations on a diverse range of corporates in the SME and mid-market segments
Presenting recommendations to internal credit committees
Location: London
The Reward
For your commitment and success, we offer one of the most competitive basic salaries with a distinct career development opportunity. Other Santander benefits include:
Discretionary annual bonus
30 days' Holiday plus bank holidays with the option to buy and sell 5
Product discounts
Retail and High Street discounts
Sharesave Scheme
Flex benefits including childcare vouchers and private medical insurance
Santander welcomes applications from all sections of the community.
We are committed to supporting individuals in achieving a reasonable balance between their home and working life. To support staff in meeting their commitments outside of work, we offer a range of flexible work options, including part-time working, job sharing, career breaks and flexible holiday options.
The Santander Group has more than 150 years' experience in banking and more branches worldwide than any other international bank. At Santander Corporate & Commercial Banking, empathy with the customer is our area of expertise. Our focus is on understanding businesses, seeing the world from their perspective and finding innovative solutions that fuel their ambition. Right now we need exceptional people to join our growing teams around the UK. People who will help drive businesses forward. People who will help us become the Best Bank in the UK.
Santander
Santander is one of the strongest and safest banks in the world
Options

Kotak Mahindra Bank: Deal andafterKotak Mahindra  Bank
Rating: Overweight
Kotak announced on November 20 that it is set to acquire ING Vysya Bank at a share swap ratio of 725:1000, subject to requisite approvals. This implies a valuation of R160 bn for Vysya Bank, equating to 1.9x FY16e (estimates) consensus book and an 11% premium to the closing price on the day prior to the announcement. A strong presence in the south and a CASA (current account savings account) franchise is what Vysya Bank offers to Kotak in the pending deal.
Pro forma fair value range: Our sensitivity analysis examines the fair value range of the merged entity (Kotak-merged) after factoring in the potential costs and benefits of the pending acquisition, of R1,188-1,484 per share. Based on a pro forma fair value between our bull and bear case (R1,364) the difference to our target price would be 18%.
Potential synergies: The two most significant synergies we expect include fee income potential and cost savings on branch expansion, both adding 15 bp to RoA (return on assets) by FY17e, or about 10-15% of Kotak Bank’s standalone earnings and even higher over the medium term after completion of the integration process. Other synergies include the potential for higher savings account deposits and a potentially higher mix of retail loans.
Acquisition challenges: Upfront costs of the merger (legal, rebranding, technology, etc.) are likely to weigh on near-term profitability. The impact of higher provisioning on Vysya’s book and higher costs of savings deposits will likely peak in FY16e (with the latter partly offset by a higher SA mix), resulting in an adverse impact of 10 bp of assets—10% of Kotak Bank’s earnings. Cultural differences may impact productivity as well.
Change in shareholding pattern: We would expect the pending acquisition to help reduce promoter stakes from 40% to 34%. While the total foreign ownership in KMB will increase from 42.5% to 47.0%, FII ownership will dip from 34.6 to 33.6%. ING Groep has voluntarily agreed to hold its stake (6.5%) in the merged entity for a year.
Valuation: KMB (standalone) now trades at a 12-month forward P/AB (price-to-book ratio) of 4.7x versus its five-year average of 3.1x. Based on a sustainable RoE (return on equity) of 23.4%, we arrive at a target multiple of 4x using a single-stage Gordon growth model. Our TP of R1,253 includes a value of R339 per share for the subsidiaries.
Downside risks to our view are continuing weak macro and low leverage.
Synergy scenarios
Vysya Bank would be merged into Kotak once the companies have obtained all requisite approvals, which could take until the end of FY15 per management. In the scenario of the merger taking place we have attempted to take a look at the merged entity (Kotak-merged) after factoring in potential costs and benefits due to the merger to get a better sense of the impact on RoA arising from the union. Our analysis suggests that the pro forma fair value range of the Kotak-merged could lie between R1,188-1,484 per share.
P&L impact: We describe below the incremental impact of the merger on key parameters based on our scenario analysis for Kotak merged.
Margins: Re-pricing of existing Vysya Bank savings account deposits could negatively impact margins but also would be partly offset by both higher SA in funding mix as well as higher retail loan mix (tractor loans in which KMB has a significant presence).
Other income (fees): We expect the merged entity to benefit from a wider customer base, distribution network and product suite, which would translate into higher cross-selling of Kotak’s products. We see some incremental impact in FY16 itself, and we expect more gains to kick in the medium term post-merger.
Opex: We expect upfront costs related to merger (stamp duty, re-branding, technology integration, etc) to be offset by slower branch expansion as we see a lower need for KMB to grow organically post-acquisition. On an average Vysya Bank branches have a vintage of six years, which would already be contributing to the bottom line versus a new branch which would take two-four years to contribute. As  per our discussion with the management, the average cost incurred in setting up and operating a new branch could be R70-80m over four-five years (or R15m per branch/year on an average) after which the branch would break-even. We estimate that 75% of this amount or R11m per branch/ year on average could be the cost savings per branch and result in cost savings. For instance, if Kotak-merged halves its (Kotak’s) earlier plan of opening 150-200 branches per year, the cost savings from opening 75 less branches in FY15 could be R0.8 bn in FY15 based on current estimated costs.
Credit costs: Per our calculations, factoring in a 100% coverage ratio for Vysya Bank’s unprovided NPLs (non-performing loans) in FY16, we see an incremental impact (R0.85 bn) on the merged P&L (profit & loss account) which translates into an incremental 4bp (pre-tax) impact on FY16 RoA for Kotak-merged. We have been conservative here, but believe that the management will also take the conservative route in estimating NPL costs.
Profitability: Overall, we expect to see synergies to make RoA marginally accretive in FY16e. However, we do not see RoA of the merged entity reaching the levels of standalone Kotak Bank pre-merger in the near to medium term.
Challenges: We see challenges in terms of integration of two different banking cultures. Of the 10,000 employees of Vysya Bank, around 3,000 are unionised and come under the wage structure of IBA (the Indian Banks Association). While the salary levels are similar to the remaining employee base, wage increases would be determined by negotiation with the unions. Productivity too would be a challenge. Taking a leaf out of the previous merger of HDFC Bank and Centurion bank, where HDFC Bank had to write-off some assets from the acquired entity post-acquisition, a similar situation cannot be ruled out for this acquisition.
Shareholding pattern: We expect the pending deal to help reduce promoter stakes from 40% to 34%. Promoter stakes include Uday Kotak (which has the largest stake, at 39.7%), with family etc. holding the remaining 0.3%. Per RBI, promoter’s stake in KMB has to be reduced to 30% by Dec-16 and 20% by March 18. This all share deal significantly contributes in moving towards this goal. Total foreign ownership in Kotak-merged will increase from 42.5% to 46.9%, of which the FII ownership will be 33.6% (down from 34.6% for Kotak). ING Group has voluntarily agreed to hold their stake (6.5%) for one year from the date of deal execution and this would be counted in the FDI category for the merged entity.
By HSBC
TAGS: ING Vysya Bank Kotak Mahindra Bank
More from indianmarkets

India On The Verge Of A Tech  Gold Rushreddit
The technology industry's new Bay Area hub may be pretty far from San Francisco. The Bay of Bengal is shaping up to be the next hot startup market.
Highly skilled Indian tech workers -- some unable to get U.S. work visas -- are returning home from the United States or leaving Indian divisions of U.S. tech companies, eager to build their own companies in India. The country surpassed Japan as the world’s third-largest economy by a key measure this year.
India is now home to the four cities with the most tech workers on LinkedIn, according to a user study published in June by the career-focused social network. Bangalore -- commonly known as the Silicon Valley of India -- leads the way, followed by Pune, Hyderabad and Chennai.
In fifth place is the San Francisco Bay Area, home to the original Silicon Valley.
Last year, India pulled in $1.8 billion in venture funding, according to a recent report from Ernst & Young -- three times more than it brought in in 2006. Venture capitalists invested an estimated $1.26 billion in Indian companies in the first six months of this year alone, according to the startup industry site Your Story .
It’s still not equal to China, which attracted $3.5 billion in 2013. And the U.S. continues to pull in gobs of VC funding -- $33 billion last year, according to E&Y. However, strong signs point to growth for India, as more and more of the country’s 1.2 billion citizens move online. About a quarter of the population is now connected, according to the Internet and Mobile Association of India. The country is expected to overtake the U.S. as the world’s second-largest Internet market this month, the trade group said in a recent release .
“The Internet in India took more than a decade to move from 10 million to 100 million and three years from 100 million to 200 million,” the Internet and Mobile Association said in a statement to The Hindu, an English-language daily newspaper. “However, it took only a year to move from 200 to 300 million users. Clearly, Internet is mainstream in India today.”
At the same time, India’s middle class is growing. About 50 million people, or 5 percent of the population, now earn middle-class incomes, according to E&Y . That number is expected to grow to 200 million by 2020.
Internet access and a growing middle class mean more Indians are now shopping online. “E-commerce is the low-hanging fruit,” Vivek Wadhwa, an Indian-American entrepreneur and frequent tech industry pundit, told The Huffington Post. “It’s where the biggest opportunities are.”
India, which comprises the lightest gray on this chart from E&Y's 2014 report on global venture capital, pulled in $1.8 billion in VC money last year.
Currently, India’s e-commerce market generates about $2 billion in sales a year. That’s small compared to China’s annual Internet sales of about $300 billion , or the $260 billion spent in the U.S. last year.
But by 2020, India’s online retail sales could reach $30 billion, according to the Wall Street Journal .
Flipkart, an e-commerce site founded seven years ago in Bangalore, raised $1 billion in July, the largest round of funding ever granted to an Indian company. Founder Sachin Bansal, who previously worked as a senior software engineer at Amazon India, said in July that he aims to grow the company into a $100 billion behemoth in the next five years.
In October, rival Snapdeal, an online marketplace headquartered in New Delhi, sold a $627 million stake to Japanese business titan Masayoshi Son, the chief executive of media and telecom giant SoftBank. The investment kicked off SoftBank’s recently announced plan to invest about $10 billion into India’s e-commerce industry over the next decade.
American tech giants have taken notice. Last month, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos graced the cover of GQ India -- a space usually reserved for Bollywood stars -- following a $2 billion investment in his company’s India operations, announced a day after Flipkart’s $1 billion funding round.
Investment in e-commerce outpaced other sectors in the first six months of 2014, per this Your Story chart.
India also has a growing number of web startups. Founded by a former management consultant for New York-based Bain & Co., Zomato, a restaurant review index similar to Yelp, pulled in $60 million in funding last month, bringing its total valuation to $660 million. The popular chef social network Cucumbertown, co-founded by a former engineer at “Farmville” maker Zynga, launched a new feature called RecipeWriter in October in hopes of dominating India’s food-blogging niche. ZoomCar, a nascent car-sharing service targeting India’s bustling cities, raised $8 million in October in a funding round led by Sequoia Capital, the powerful Silicon Valley-based venture capital firm.
“Over the next three years, I see a gold rush happening, as you’re going to have a bunch of billion-dollar companies. Then everyone will be there,” Wadhwa said of India. “That’s how venture capitalists are -- they’re like sharks. They sense a drop of blood and they’re all over it.”
One expert noted that economic forces aren't the only thing at play in fueling the startup scene.
“There’s some cultural shift between generations -- the current generation of not only younger people, but 30-year-olds and 40-year-olds are more willing to take risk,” said Yossi Feinberg, an economics professor who heads Stanford University’s Ignite program, which for three years has allowed students in Bangalore to telecommute to lectures at the California college. “There's this idea of success in India that you have a family, a steady job, and now people are open to having experience in a startup where, even if it fails, it’s a valuable experience in the job market.”
More:

Management: The ego issueDecember 8, 2014 11:04 am
Bloated and shrunken egos both prove bad for business
Naomi Shragai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/32f7ce02-7ba8-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Our inability to see ourselves as we are can come at a heavy cost  writes Naomi ShragaiDecember 8, 2014 11:04 am
Bloated and shrunken egos both prove bad for business
Naomi Shragai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/32f7ce02-7ba8-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Welcome to the  I m Not Feeling It Yet  EconomyWelcome to the ‘I’m Not Feeling It Yet’ Economy
 
Morning Money Memo:
The new numbers look great and the experts are telling us the U.S. economy is poised for stronger growth in 2015. Friday’s jobs report was better than expected, while the recent sharp decline in oil and gasoline prices is improving household finances and cutting costs for many businesses.
But for most consumers, this is the “I’m not feeling it yet” economy.
At 5.8 percent, the U.S. jobless rate is still fall from full employment. While the November employment report from the Labor Department showed solid growth in new hiring, there was only a modest improvement in wage rates.
U.S. living standards have been flat since the recession ended in 2010. Surveys of consumer sentiment have improved this year, but confidence, which was battered by the worst recession in decades, has not returned to normal levels.
“The expansion has been an unusually slow one because of the nature and depth of the recession of 2008-9,” deputy chief economist Tim Gill of the National Electrical Manufacturers Association says. The economy is still “struggling to really step-up to that next level of growth,” he added.
The share of the population with full-time jobs is still well below the historical average. Millions of Americans who gave up looking for work have not re-entered the labor market.
Exit polling from last month’s midterm elections showed most voters were in a gloomy mood. Seventy-eight percent said they were worried about the direction of the economy in the next year. Only 32 percent said the economy was improving.
“While most consumers may not be feeling the improvement yet, many businesses have rallied because of cheaper oil and gasoline costs. Airlines, freight haulers, repair services, farmers and manufacturers are among businesses that could save billions of dollars a year from tumbling fuel costs,” USA Today says.
Retailers’ share prices have jumped since the sharp fall in energy prices took hold. But it may take a while longer for the positive, almost giddy mood on Wall Street to be felt on Main Street.
Richard Davies Business Correspondent ABC News Radio abcnews.com Twitter: daviesnow

US must get long-term jobless in workDecember 8, 2014 3:21 pm
The US labour market bears deep scars from the financial crisis
Gene Sperling
The unemployed will be frozen out until employers feel the heat, writes Gene Sperling
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9e843c48-7eb7-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Small Business: The  Neglected Middle  Of Climate Changereddit
One week after graduating college, I started a summer internship at an energy auditing firm in the DC area. On my second day, I asked my boss why the firm never took on small businesses as clients. It was a logical thought in my head: they use energy and there are millions of them! His response was simple.
"They're just too small to be worth anyone's time."
He went on to lecture his naive intern that small businesses don't use enough energy, don't have big enough footprints, and don't care enough about energy efficiency to be worth our or anyone's time.
My boss couldn't have been more wrong.
His response was speaking solely to the financial feasibility of the firm, but it reflects a larger misconception regarding small businesses and climate change.
Individually, a small business might use less energy than a 50-story office building. But cumulatively, small businesses in the U.S. alone contribute roughly $60 billion in annual energy costs and nearly half a billion metric tons of annual carbon emissions each year. That's equivalent to powering half the homes in the U.S. every year. Now consider the number of small businesses across the world, and the environmental impact becomes significant.
So why do we continue to leave the small business community out of the climate change conversation when talking about energy? Why have our small businesses become this "neglected middle," stuck in between our skyscrapers and our homes?
I believe it's because our small businesses are misunderstood, both physically and culturally.
Small businesses are unique, which is one of the reasons why we love our neighborhood coffee shop or boutique retailer so much. But, because they are so unique, they generally don't follow a pattern when it comes to building activity, size, location and even how they use energy from one to the next. This has created a struggle for the industry to create a solution that can address energy efficiency for all types of small businesses. And since it doesn't make financial sense for the private for-profit sector to work with them in most cases (as my old boss pointed out), the result has been a combination of overly generic "green tips" on the Internet and professional solicitors with trust issues.
But we must find a way to do more. We need to include small business as part of the climate change conversation, not only as a contributor, but also as part of the solution.
We need to start by raising awareness: bringing attention to the fact that our local mom and pop shops must be every bit as much a part of this conversation as our skyscrapers and our homes; that the cumulative impact of the small business community is so significant that we must give attention at the individual level.
We must also raise awareness and provide scalable assistance to small business owners themselves. We need to find solutions to assist them in recognizing what they can do to not only reduce their environmental impact, but also decrease their own operational costs and increase profits at the same time.
The truth is not all small businesses might be concerned with climate change. But they're all concerned about the success of their business. In fact, most small business owners are already feeling the effect of rising energy costs, either by raising their own prices or changing their hiring plans. We need to recognize that financial longevity is the primary business motivator and foster that to drive urgent change on an environmental level. Because when it comes to business, energy efficiency isn't about "green business," it's about "smart business."
We need to begin looking at this "neglected middle" not as a challenge, but as an opportunity. With more attention and action being deployed on the local and state level, including energy policy and sustainability outreach programs, small businesses could serve to push community-level initiatives even further. Our local businesses are such an integral part of our communities. They often drive culture in the community and can be an influencer on community members. By assisting them to drive positive change in environmental sustainability and energy efficiency, it could have a ripple effect throughout the rest of the community.
Small businesses power this country. It's time that we help them use their own power more efficiently and harness their potential to drive a cumulative, global impact on climate change. We already "shop small" -- it's time that we start to "save small," too.
More:

Asian Stocks Fall on Growth ConcernsIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Vaiko-led MDMK snaps ties with NDA  raps PM Modi for Lanka standWritten by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai |
Posted: December 9, 2014 2:00 am | Updated: December 9, 2014 3:18 pm
The MDMK, led by Vaiko, decided to snap ties with the NDA on Monday, accusing the Narendra Modi government for acting against the interest of Tamils.
The MDMK, which was the first party from Tamil Nadu that joined the BJP front during the Lok Sabha elections, had contested seven out of 39 seats as part of the alliance though it had lost all, while the BJP and S Ramadoss’ PMK had won one each.
The sudden decision to quit the alliance reportedly comes after BJP national secretary H Raja threatened Vaiko to stop criticising Modi. Vaiko has been attacking Modi for more than a month over his “favourable stand” towards Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
On Monday, a resolution announcing the decision to quit the NDA alliance, alleged that the BJP government had been working against the interest of Tamil Nadu.
Condemning Modi’s recent speech at the SAARC Summit in Kathmandu wishing Rajapaksa for his electoral success, it also accused the BJP government for permitting a review of safety aspects of the Mullaperiyar dam, which was settled by the Supreme Court in May 2014.
Blaming the Centre of taking stand favouring the Sri Lankan government, the resolution said the BJP had promised that India will not support Sri Lanka during the formation of the alliance. Terming the release of five Tamil fishermen from a Sri Lankan prison last month a “drama” played by the governments of India and Sri Lankan, the MDMK blamed the Centre for not giving any relief to the fishermen.
While the party’s resolution came down heavily on the BJP government’s efforts on the “Sanskritisation” of education, Vaiko condemned Union minister Sushma Swaraj’s demand to make Bhagwad Gita the “national scripture”.
Reports of Vaiko striking an alliance with DMK are also doing the rounds.

Delhi to ban all online taxi services after Uber rape claimStory
Delhi govt to ban all online taxi services after Uber rape claim
Aditya Kalra, Andrew MacAskill and Malini Menon     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 9, 2014  | 14:13 IST
Photo: Reuters
Government in Delhi has decided to ban all unregistered internet taxi firms after a female passenger reported she was raped by a driver contracted to US online cab company Uber , a government official said on Tuesday.
The case has caused uproar in the country after it emerged that the suspect had previously been charged for rape but had obtained a character reference signed by a police officer that appeared to have been forged.
It has also revealed a total failure to regulate the booming market for online taxi services in India. The Delhi transport department has been slow to respond and, according to reports, sent its order banning Uber by fax.
In its ruling, published in a national newspaper, the department stated that only six registered radio taxi companies would now be allowed to operate in New Delhi.
"We have banned Uber. Another public notice will be issued tomorrow for banning all non-registered cab service providers. It's almost done," said Kuldeep Singh Gangar, spokesman of the Delhi transport department.
Uber was blacklisted in New Delhi on Monday after police said it had failed to run background checks on the driver, who was arrested three years ago in a similar case but later acquitted.
The arrested driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, appeared in court on Monday and was remanded in custody for three days. Yadav had obtained a reference from the Delhi Police, but police spokesman Rajan Bhagat told Reuters the certificate "seems to be fake."
The fast-growing ride-hailing service Uber was valued at $40 billion last week after its latest funding round ahead of an expected initial public offering. In India, the company operates in 11 cities.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had earlier rapped Uber for violating the country's credit card payment system by using a so-called one-step authorisation process while the regulator requires a two-step procedure. Uber later complied, calling the requirement "unnecessary and burdensome".
The US company has also been dogged by controversy surrounding its aggressive approach to local governments and traditional taxi services.
On Monday, the US West Coast city of Portland sued Uber to bar it from operating in the city. The company started operating in Portland on Friday without consent from authorities or any agreement over how it would be regulated.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh may issue a statement to parliament calling on country's federal states and union territories to ban Uber, the Indian Express newspaper reported.
UBER STILL ON
A representative for Uber said the company had not been officially notified of any ban in New Delhi and would issue a statement later on Tuesday. It was still possible to hail an Uber taxi in Delhi using the company's smartphone application.
Uber taxi driver Satish Kumar, who has been associated with the company for 11 months, told Reuters he works for another travel company that is enrolled with Uber. He was unaware of the ban.
"We will only consider a ban once our app stops working," said Kumar, whose company pays 20 per cent of the fare to Uber.
"If it is banned, we will suffer losses. It is up to the authorities to do the checks. Why blame the company and make others suffer?" he asked.
Before joining Uber, Kumar said he was trained for two days on basic etiquette and using the mobile app. He only submitted a copy of his driving licence and identity card to the company. He was not interviewed.
"Uber taxis were also violating norms by plying within the city despite having an all-India tourist permit that mandates only inter-state travel", a government official said.
"They have not made any efforts to get themselves registered. They have just tried to use the loopholes in the system to run a service and gain commercially," said a Delhi transport department official on condition of anonymity.
The state department had also received several complaints from other operators about how unregistered providers like Uber were violating norms and hurting their profits.
(Reuters)

Carlyle buys majority stake in Indian publishing services firmSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
Private-equity firm Carlyle Group LP said it bought a majority stake in India’s Newgen KnowledgeWorks, a provider of publishing and technical services, for $32.8 million.
Carlyle acquired a 54.8 percent stake in the Chennai-based company through First Carlyle Ventures III, an investment fund advised by the Carlyle Group, the U.S. firm said on Tuesday.
Carlyle, which manages $203 billion globally, bought shares from Franklin Templeton Private Equity, Aureos South Asia Fund and ePlanet Capital, it said in a statement.
Carlyle had earlier invested in Newgen in 2004 and exited in 2011.
Newgen KnowledgeWorks caters to companies in the United States, UK and Europe.
TAGS: Carlyle Group
More from companies

PM Narendra Modi govt gets thumbs up from Indian consumers: ZyFin indexBlack money outflow from India up nine-fold in a decade, loss of $94.7 mn
Macro-analytics firm ZyFin’s Economic Conditions Index has been on a steady uptrend, reflecting improving mood of consumers. The monthly index has been on an uptrend since January 2014, reaching its highest score of 67.2 in November 2014 – the Index is a barometer of Indian consumers’ perceptions on the economic conditions of the country.
Since the uptrend coincides with the period in which India saw a change in government with PM Narendra Modi-led NDA govt replacing former PM Manmohan Singh-led UPA, it suggests a growing belief among consumers that economic conditions will improve in the near future and that, in turn, should have an impact on India’s consumer-driven economy.
The index had been on a steady downtrend since its inception in October 2011, before bottoming out in December 2013, with Indian consumers expressing their disappointment with the prolonged slowdown over two consecutive years.
Indian spenders now, however, see a ray of hope in the new government and this shift in opinion may go a long way in determining India’s aggregate demand, driven by heightened consumption. This will be an effective solution to grow the sagging GDP; although, much depends on the government’s continued ability to manage these expectations, which is necessary for Indian consumers to feel confident enough to loosen their purse strings.
The recovery in Economic Conditions is a widespread phenomenon, with consumers in all four regions of the country, North, South, East and West voicing similar opinions. Interestingly, consumers in South India were first to react, with the Index for this part of the country starting to pick up as early as June 2013. The remaining regions joined in the beginning of this year.
Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research, said, “It is encouraging to note that consumers have faith in the Indian economic recovery. With rising confidence towards better employment and income conditions, consumer spending should bounce back, leading to a sustained demand-pulled expansion in economic activity.”
Note: ZyFin Research’s Economic Conditions Index is the only tracker of Indian consumers’ perception toward current and expected economic conditions. It is based on a monthly survey of 3,000 consumers in 11 Indian cities, representing urban consumers
TAGS: Indian Economy Narendra Modi Zyfin Research
More from economy
Explained: How India will become a common market with GST With cascading taxes gone, over a period of time the lower tax burden could translate into lower prices for goods for consumers...

Control over Mumbai should lie with Maharashtra Govt: Shiv SenaBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:01 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 4:06 pm
Cautioning Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis over his suggestion of a high-level committee for Mumbai’s development, the Shiv Sena today said the control over the city should lie with the state government.
“There is no doubt that Mumbai should develop, but we have to ensure that the remedy does not turn out to be more dangerous than the illness itself. The Shiv Sena believes that Mumbai will not be separated from Maharashtra and the control of the city will only lie with the state government,” the Shiv Sena, which recently joined the BJP-led state government, said in an editorial in its mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
“If the PM only gives special attention to Mumbai, he will be accused of favouritism. Opposition parties will get the ammunition to fire salvo at the government saying that big industrialists are close to the BJP, hence the PM is giving special attention to the city,” it said.
The Sena said other cities of the state, like Mumbai, should also be made into world class cities and the focus should not be on Mumbai alone.
“Nagpur is the second capital of Maharashtra. The Vidarbha region is in dire need of development and industrial growth. Even cities in the Marathwada region can be developed into world class cities. All this will contribute to the development of the state,” the editorial said.
While addressing a high-level meeting of chief ministers recently convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to provide a substitute for the planning commission, Fadnavis had suggested to the Centre that a high-level committee headed by Modi be set up for the development of the city.
“Mumbai is the commercial capital of India, unless Mumbai is developed, there is no scope for the development of the country. For Mumbai’s development, there is an urgent need of effective coordination between state and central agencies. Under such circumstances, it will be appropriate to set up a Mumbai development committee headed by the PM,” Fadnavis had said.

Govt aims at 20% growth in technical textiles in 12th 5-year planGovt aims at 20% growth in technical textiles in 12th 5-year plan
Sharleen D'Souza | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 04:04 PM IST
Government aims at 20% growth in technical textiles in the 12th five year plan. In the 11th five year plan, technical textile grew at a pace of 11%.
According to government estimates, technical textiles is estimated at $260 billion.
“Currently, our market share in world textiles stands at 4% and we plan to increase it substantially by laying emphasis on the infrastructure of domestic textiles,” said Santosh Kumar Gangwar, minister of state for textiles at a FICCI conference.
Gangwar also added that in the last ten years no importance was given to textiles.
Exports of technical textiles has grown from $624.95 million in 2007-08 to $1355.04 million in 2012-13 with a CAGR of 17%, while imports has grown from $835.82 million in 2007-08 to $1434.97 million in 2012-13 at a CAGR of 11% according to government estimates.
The market size of technical textiles is projected at $17909 millions and 850 units are registered under Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme as technical textile units with the textile commissioner.

Tesco issues big profit warningTesco issues fourth profit warning in a year
Andrea Felsted, David Oakley and Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f7fe75c0-7f72-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cotton farmers feel pain of price dropCotton farmers hit hard as prices drop to lowest since 2009
Emiko Terazono and Gregory Meyer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e44b095c-7a19-11e4-9b34-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Korean Airs nut rage sparks backlashKorean Air nut rage sparks chaebol backlash
Song Jung-a in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a45e0da-7f73-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Majority UP sugar mills start crushing operationsMajority UP sugar mills start crushing operations
Virendra Singh Rawat | Lucknow Dec 09, 2014 08:50 PM IST
Nearly a month after the first sugar mill begun crushing operations in the current season in Uttar Pradesh, 104 units have also started functioning.
According to the latest available data at the state sugarcane department here, 15 of the total 119 mills had not started operations.
In October, the state had directed mills to start operations by November 10 and 15 in the western and eastern regions, respectively. However, the first private and cooperative mill could start only on November 10 and 14, respectively.
So far, mills have produced nearly 410,000 tonnes of sugar after crushing 4.43 million tonnes (mt) of cane, with sugar recovery standing at about nine per cent. The mills have paid about Rs 33 crore to farmers towards cane dues for the current season.
The sugarcane acreage has been estimated at about 2.1 million hectares.
Meanwhile, the private sugar mills still have to clear arrears of about Rs 1,112 crore pertaining to 2013-14 season. Of the 95 private mills, 77 have settled 100 per cent dues.
Besides, 23 cooperative and the Uttar Pradesh State Sugar Corporation (UPSSC) unit had already settled their all liabilities.
During 2013-14 crushing season, the Uttar Pradesh’s sugar output had dropped by 13 per cent to about 6.42 mt. During 2011-12 and 2012-13, the sugar production had stood at 6.97 mt and 7.4 mt, respectively.
This year, the government had retained state agreed price (SAP) of cane at Rs 280 a quintal. The mills had been allowed to pay Rs 240 a quintal upfront. The remaining Rs 40 a quintal should be paid within three months of the end of the crushing season.
Of Rs 40 a quintal, the government, akin to last year, would directly incur Rs 11.4 a quintal as incentive to mills in the form of cane societies commission (Rs 6.60 a quintal), Rs 2 a quintal (cane purchase tax) and Rs 2.80 a quintal (sugar entry tax). The remaining Rs 8.60 a quintal would be given to mills after they had incurred this as payment to farmers.
For the remaining Rs 20 a quintal, a high-level state committee would consider the average price of sugar and byproducts over eight months (October 2014-May 2015) to decide on sharing of the payment liability.
Uttar Pradesh has set the floor price of sugar at Rs 3,100 a quintal, molasses (Rs 390 a quintal), bagasse (Rs 167 a quintal) and press mud (Rs 26 a quintal). If the average price stays at this level, the sugar mills would pay Rs 20 a quintal.
If their market prices increase, the government could deduct floor price in ratio from direct subsidy of Rs 8.60 a quintal. If prices fall, the sugar mills would be compensated in the proportional ratio in Rs 20 a quintal.
STARTING OFF
In October, Uttar Pradesh had directed mills to start operations by November 10 and 15 in the western and eastern regions, respectively
The private sugar mills still have to clear arrears of about Rs 1,112 crore pertaining to 2013-14 season
Of the 95 private mills, 77 have settled 100 per cent dues
During 2013-14 crushing season, the Uttar Pradesh’s sugar output had dropped by 13 per cent to about 6.42 mt
Uttar Pradesh has set the floor price of sugar at Rs 3,100 a quintal
If market prices increase, the government could deduct floor price in ratio

Agriculture ministry boost to organic fertilisersAgriculture ministry boost to organic fertilisers
Anindita Dey | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 05:46 PM IST
The ministry of agriculture has decided to promote use of organic fertiliser in the country by including it in various central schemes meant for use of fertiliser in the agricultural sector.
It is a big boost for the sector which till date is sidelined due to the policy of the government to subsidies use of chemical fertiliser under the fertiliser subsidy scheme.
Various programmes chosen to include organic fertiliser are National Mission for Sustainable Agriculture (NMSA), Mission for Integrated Development of Horticulture (MIDH), Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY) and Network Project on Organic Farming under Indian Council for Agricultural Research (ICAR).
According to officials, the promotion also includes financial assistance. For example under Soil Health Management (SHM) component of NMSA, financial assistance up 33% of financial outlay, subject to a maximum ceiling of Rs 63.00 lakhs for establishment of agro/vegetable waste compost production units, and 25% of financial outlay subject to a maximum ceiling of Rs 40.00 lakh for biofertiliser production units, is provided as back-ended subsidy through NABARD.
Besides, NABARD also provides financial assistance up to 50% of cost subject to a limit of Rs 5, 000 per hectare and Rs 10,000 per beneficiary is provided for promotion of organic inputs including organic fertilizers. Organic farming/products are becoming necessary to control ecosystem health and to impart related human health benefits, they added, world over there is growing demand for organic produce.
Already such assistance has been provided for 42 biofertiliser production units and 16 agro/vegetable waste compost production units under the scheme. Among the states, Maharashtra tops in the production of biofertiliser production, while state of Rajasthan , Punjab and Haryana and Uttar Pradesh are leading in vermiculture hatcheries.
There are various types of organic manures - phosphocompost, vermin compost, bio-enriched compost, municipal solid waste compost etc. from various organic wastes. Improved and efficient strains of biofertilizers specific to different crops and soil types are being developed under Network Project on Soil Biodiversity – Biofertilizers being operated in 14 different States. Liquid biofertilizer technology with high shelf life has also been developed.
Prior to this, without focused intervention, the government has been fuelling the use of organic fertilizers through the concept of the integrated nutrient supply system (INSS). This was done through combined use of mineral fertilisers, organic manures and biofertilisers.
However, the adoption of INSS was constrained due to increasing trend to use cow manure as a source of fuel in rural areas, increasing use of crop residues as animal feed, extra cost and time required to grow green-manure crops, handling problems with bulky organic manures, problems in timely preparation of the field when agricultural waste and green manure have to be incorporated and their decomposition awaited.

Greek shares tumble 10.7% on snap electionLast updated: December 9, 2014 7:21 pm
Snap election in Greece reignites fears for eurozone
Elaine Moore and Robin Wigglesworth in London, Kerin Hope in Athens and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4db45c9c-7f95-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1IueRJ8FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up
As of 2:21 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average is off 0.5%, the S&P 500 is down 0.3% and the Nasdaq composite is 0.3% higher.
Post to Facebook
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up As of 2:21 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average is off 0.5%, the S&P 500 is down 0.3% and the Nasdaq composite is 0.3% higher. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D35UGs
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up
Kim Hjelmgaard and John Waggoner , USA TODAY 4:12 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
On the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
100 CONNECT 161 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks cut earlier sharp losses and closed mixed Tuesday as global economic concerns weighed on the markets.
U.S. stocks initially followed global markets lower as Chinese markets plummeted and Greece saw one of its worst trading days in decades. European stocks? They got smacked, too.
But tech stocks rallied later in the day as the Nasdaq turned positive and the S&P 500 closed flat.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell for a second straight day, closing 51.28 points lower, or  0.3%, to 17,801.20. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 0.49 to 2059.82.The Nasdaq composite index gained 25.77 points, or 0.5%, to 4766.47.
Oil prices rebounded slightly after Monday's 4% drop. The January contract for crude oil rose 70 cents, or 0.7%, to $63.74 a barrel.
Overseas, Asian markets plunged as Hong Kong's Hang Seng index tumbled 2.3% to 23,485.83 and mainland China's Shanghai composite index plunged 5.4% to 2856.27.  Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index dropped 0.7% to 17,813.38.
The plunge in Chinese stocks comes as the Chinese government set new restrictions on collateral for short-term collateralized loans, called repurchase agreements. By limiting the types of bonds that can be used as collateral, the government made those loans more difficult to get, and more expensive.
The Chinese government also extolled the virtue of slower economic growth, a signal that it expects the economy to grow less quickly in the future.
"Debt to GDP in China has seen a massive increase as the Chinese central government has internalized on its books the problems that occurred in the private sector," Rupal Bhansali, chief investment officer of international equities at Ariel Investments, said at USA TODAY's 19th annual Investment Roundtable on Friday.
Exchange-traded funds that invest in China tumbled in premarket trading.  For example, iShares FTSE China 25 Index Fund (ticker: FXI) fell 3.14%. Traditional open-ended funds won't price until the U.S. market closes at 4:00 p.m.
In Europe, Britain's FTSE  index fell 2.1% to 6529.47 and Germany's DAX dropped 2.2% to 9793.71. France's CAC 40 tumbled 2.6% to 4263.94.

One dead in Bomb blast in Bahrain ShiitevillageBy: Associated Press | Dubai |
Posted: December 9, 2014 7:20 pm
A bomb blast today killed one person in a Shiite village in western Bahrain, according to the authorities, who have faced years of simmering unrest since crushing pro-democracy protests in 2011.
The explosion in Karzakan killed a Bahraini and slightly wounded an Asian national, the interior ministry said, describing it as a “terrorist” attack.
Late last night a policeman was killed in a separate attack in Damistan, a nearby Shiite village, the authorities said.
It was the first deadly attack on the security forces since parliamentary elections in November that were boycotted by the main Shiite opposition group, which is calling for democratic reforms in the Sunni-ruled kingdom.
The vote was the first in the Gulf state since the Sunni authorities quelled the 2011 Shiite-led protests.
Small but strategic Bahrain, home to the US Navy’s Fifth Fleet, remains deeply divided three years after the month-long demonstrations.
Protests still frequently break out in Bahrain’s Shiite villages, sometimes sparking clashes with police.
The main opposition Al-Wefaq movement quickly distanced itself from the Damistan attack, stressing its “rejection” of violence.
Attacks against the security forces have increased this year, with three policemen — including one from the UAE — killed in a bomb attack in a Shiite area on March 3.
Another policeman was killed in a bomb blast in a Shiite village in February during protests marking the third anniversary of the failed uprising.

Delhi rape: Uber cab driver a history-sheeter  had molested three women in his village  saypoliceBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 7:19 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 9:56 pm
The Uber cab driver accused of raping a 27-year-old executive has been a serial sexual offender and was out on bail in a rape case in 2013 besides being involved in similar case in 2011, police said today calling him a “big time rogue”.
32-year-old Shiv Kumar had allegedly raped a woman in Mainpuri in Uttar Pradesh last year and was involved in at least two more cases including molesting another woman, investigators said.
Yesterday, it has emerged that Yadav was arrested in a rape case in South Delhi’s Mehrauli area in 2011 and had even spent seven months in Tihar jail. He was however acquitted in the case.
“UP police has found that he was involved in at least three more case in the city including a case of rape and a molestation which were lodged in Mainpuri in Uttar Pradesh. He was out on bail,” said Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma.
He said Yadav was arrested for separate cases of molestation in 2003, under Arms Act in 2006 and rape and robbery in 2013 in Mainpuri, his home town.
“Accused Shiv Kumar Yadav of Uber Rape case has now emerged as a big time rogue of Mainpuri. His previous criminal involvements in Mainpuri started when he was just 21-year-old in year 2003.
“He was out on bail on all these cases from UP Court when he allegedly committed rape of the 27-year-old woman here on Friday,” said the police official.
He also has two cases under the Goonda Act against him in Mainpuri. Yadav basically hails from Elau Police Station are of Mainpuri.

Guwahati-Dhaka bus trial run to be flagged off onWednesdayWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 9, 2014 7:12 pm
The trial run of the much-awaited Guwahati-Dhaka bus service will be flagged off from here tomorrow, with governments in both countries looking forward to make it a regular service in the days to come.
A 32-seater deluxe AC bus of the Assam State Transport Corporation will carry a 22-member joint delegation of both countries, with the bus covering about 500 kms in its maiden run that will also touch Shillong. The bus will pass through Shillong and proceed to Dawki on the international border, where the delegation will be transferred to another bus to proceed from Tamabil (Bangladesh) for a night halt at Sylhet. The bus will proceed to Dhaka on Thursday morning.
“Tomorrow’s will be a trial run as well as a joint survey during which officials from the government of India as well as the Bangladesh government will travel together and identify hurdles if any in order to make the bus service a regular feature in the future,” Bipulananda Pathak, joint commissione of transport, government of Assam, told The Indian Express here on Tuesday. W Blah, Superintending Engineer of the ministry of road transport and highways, will lead the Indian delegation.
The 22 officials who will comprise the joint survey team will have seven delegates from Dhaka, four each from the Assam and Meghalaya governments and seven from various ministries and departments of the central government. “Officials from the ministries of external affairs, home, transport and finance are also part of the Indian delegation,” Pathak said.
The “dry run” that will not have any regular passenger will also assess route conditions and other technical parameters. The trial run will conclude at Dhaka on the December 12 and officials of the two sides are expected to submit their reports on the details and feasibility of starting of the regular bus services within a few days.
Two passenger bus services – one between Kolkata and Dhaka and the other between Agartala and Dhaka – already operating between the two countries. Negotiations with Bangladesh for starting the bus services from Guwahati and Shillong have been underway for the past several months and have gathered momentum in the recent weeks.

Curb Uber like app-based cabs; we re different: Radio taxisDec 09, 2014, 07.05 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Curb Uber like app-based cabs; we're different: Radio taxis
The Association of Radio Taxis said that the trust and confidence of people in private cabs have been eroded following the rape case, and passenger safety and security should be given top priority by the all concerned
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Curb Uber like app-based cabs; we're different: Radio taxis
The Association of Radio Taxis said that the trust and confidence of people in private cabs have been eroded following the rape case, and passenger safety and security should be given top priority by the all concerned
Post your opinion here
 
Seeking to disassociate themselves from Uber-like services, an apex body of radio taxi operators today asked the government to take urgent steps to regulate unlicensed app-based cabs to ensure passenger safety in the wake of the rape of a woman allegedly by a driver.
The Association of Radio Taxis said that the trust and confidence of people in private cabs have been eroded following the rape case, and passenger safety and security should be given top priority by the all concerned.
Addressing a press conference here, the Association President Kunal Lalani said they are running licensed services, unlike app-based services like Uber.
"An impression is being created that all radio cabs are unsafe. But that is completely false because we are running licensed services in accordance with rules laid down by the state governments," Lalani said.
The Association claimed to represent 13 operators including Mega Cabs, Easy Cabs, Meru Cabs, Tab Cabs which run their services in several cities across the country.
A 27-year-old finance executive was raped allegedly by a driver of app-based cab booking service Uber in the city on Friday night which has triggered widespread outrage.
The Association said there are around 19 companies in India operating 25,000 odd cabs together. As per the association, every radio taxi generates revenue between Rs
70,000 to Rs 80,000 per month.
"We are asking that there should be a regulation and the all taxis must be regulated. This is the only way we can ensure safety and security and transparency in the business,"Lalani said.
The Association would also ask its member radio taxi operators to face similar regulations if they are running app-based services through their subsidiaries.
Stating that they are not against the app-based companies, the Association said it has written to state governments "to regulate" those companies who are presently "non-licensed". 
RELATED NEWS

Obamacare not going away: Cleveland Clinic CEOobamacare not going away: cleveland clinic ceo
Student stabbed in the head at a prominent Brooklyn synagogue. Video shows suspect in deadly standoff with police.By Abby Phillip and Peter Holley December 9 Follow @abbydphillip Follow @peterjholley
An emotionally disturbed man stabbed an Israeli student at a Jewish organization in Brooklyn early Tuesday, then was shot and killed by a police officer after lunging at him with a knife, authorities said. (AP)
One student is critically injured and his alleged assailant dead after a stabbing attack at a prominent Brooklyn synagogue overnight.
The incident, which was partially recorded on a disturbing video, occurred around 1:40 a.m. at the Chabad-Lubavitch world headquarters in Crown Heights, Brooklyn. And it has led to enhanced security measures around houses of worship in the city.
Calvin Peters, 49, who police say was “known” to the department, reportedly entered the sanctuary and encountered a group of students.  According to Crownheights.info , the man appeared “disturbed and was visibly agitated” but spoke with them for a few minutes, witnesses said. He asked them for a Bible, according to the New York Post. 
“I want to kill the Jew!” the New York Daily News reported that he screamed.
Suddenly, he pulled out a nine-inch knife and stabbed one of the students, 22-year-old Levi Rosenblat, in the left temple. As he bled, the student ran out of the synagogue seeking help. Friends told the Crown Heights news site that Rosenblat is from Israel.
“He’s a very serious student; he’d been studying all day,” Levi Deutsch, a witness, said according to the New York Post. “He was stabbed in the side of the head. He was conscious, but he was bleeding a lot.”
Rosenblat was transported to Kings County Hospital and is listed in stable condition.
“Tell me if you want me to kill you,” Peters, holding the knife, demanded of the men from the synagogue who calmly surrounded him.
“No, no,” said one.
When police arrived, they engaged in a standoff for several minutes. Officers with their guns pointed ordered Peters to drop the weapon repeatedly as witnesses stood by watching, in some cases pleading with him to cooperate.
Men in the synagogue also appeared to repeatedly ask officers on the scene not to shoot Peters.
According to video of the incident posted by the New York Post and Crownheights.info, the Peters eventually complied and put the knife on a nearby surface.
Warning: Video contains some graphic content.
Editor’s note: Video contains graphic content. Footage shows New York police fatally shooting a man in a Brooklyn synagogue after he stabbed a rabbinical student from Israel. (Reuters)
But as officers went to arrest him, he rushed over to pick up the weapon again. It is unclear from the video what happened next, but as Peters moved around the room in the direction of the officers, one of the officers shot the him once. According to the New York Police Department, the Peters “lunged” at one of the responding officers. The bullet struck him in the torso.
He was transported to Kings County Hospital, where he was later pronounced dead at around 3:15 a.m. Three officers who responded to the scene were treated at New York Methodist Hospital for tinnitus, or ringing in the ears.
Peters had a “history of being an emotionally disturbed person,” and “acting out” in other places, according to John Miller, deputy commissioner of intelligence & counter-terrorism for the NYPD.
“While we are very pained by everything that has unfolded, we are very grateful to the police for their quick response and are working closely with the authorities in their ongoing investigation,” said Chabad-Lubavitch Rabbi Motti Seligson in a statement according to the Daily News. “We commend the heroic efforts of the individuals who were present and took immediate action. If not for their intervention, the outcome could have been, G-d forbid, far worse.”
“We continue to pray for the young man who is in stable condition,” he added.
A spokesman for the NYPD said they could not comment on the investigation, but the hate crime division has been alerted to the incident.
In a press conference on Tuesday, Miller said that in response to concerns from houses of worship after the attack, there will be an enhanced police presence near places of worship in the city as a precaution. But he said there is no evidence to suggest that the attack was more than an “isolated incident.”
“That is to really address those concerns while we sort through the details here, not to suggest that we have any information that this had any connection to anything other than this individual and his problems at this time,” Miller said.
Even so, calls for increased security at the synagogue have already begun. Rabbi Chaim Miller, a decade-long Crown Heights resident, said he would like to see more security at the sanctuary, but worries it will impact the headquarter’s culture of openness, noting that it has always been home to the “weird and the wonderful.”
“One of the reasons I appreciate 770, besides it being the rebbe’s shul, that it’s so welcoming, non-judgmental, it’s got that very relaxed quality to it,” Miller told Haaretz . “This is really a violation of that openness.”
Regulars at the center said they had felt safe thanks to police being stationed nearby, but remain well aware of the fact that threats can manifest without warning, according to Haaretz. In 2008, a Chabad Lubavitch center in Mumbai, India was the scene of a terrorist attack that left six occupants dead. 
“People will have to figure out what’s the right way to provide security without diminishing the ability of the community to use the synagogue in the way that they have,” Rabbi Eli Cohen, who prays daily at the center, told Haaretz. 
The headquarters remained closed Tuesday morning, but reopened in the afternoon, according to the paper.
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

Dow futures down near 150 points as oil tanksTuesday,  9 Dec 2014 |  9:14  AM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Global stocks decline on China and oil concerns
Stocks around the world were under pressure this morning, following a 5.3 percent decline in Chinese equities and Monday's rough session on Wall Street and another plunge in oil prices.
U.S. stock index futures signaled a lower open on Tuesday, tracking declines in global markets as oil crashed to a fresh five-year low and investors awaited more labor market indicators.
The October job openings and labor turnover (JOLTS) report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, due at 10 a.m. ET, will be in focus, as Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has referred to it in some of her labor market commentary this year.

Can not rule out 50-100 point correction in Nifty: Gaurang ShahCan not rule out 50-100 point correction in Nifty: Gaurang Shah
Jet Airways shares zoom over 6% as oil prices hit 5-year lowsJet Airways shares zoom over 6% as oil prices hit 5-year lows
Delhi rape: Shock  anger echoes in RS; Govt promises actionDelhi rape: Shock  anger echoes in RS; Govt promises action
Food safety bill withdrawn from RS for further amendmentsFood safety bill withdrawn from RS for further amendments
JSW Steel s November crude steel production up 3%JSW Steel s November crude steel production up 3%
Positive on State Bank of India  Bank of Baroda: Gaurang ShahPositive on State Bank of India  Bank of Baroda: Gaurang Shah
School headmaster held for molesting girl studentsSchool headmaster held for molesting girl students
Research and developmentRoad projects race ahead as govt steps on gas: CRISIL
Dec 11, 2014 at 15:00 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CRISIL's study shows an unprecedented pick-up in execution amid a proactive government and faster approvals by implementing agencies. This is expected to improve the returns for the developers of build-operate-transfer (BOT) projects and companies engaged in the construction of roads.
Govt clears Rs 1,425 cr scheme for tea promotion
Dec 11, 2014 at 09:22 | Source: PTI
As per the scheme, Rs 400 crore will be spent on plantation development, Rs 350 crore on quality up-gradation and product diversification, Rs 200 crore on market promotion and Rs 150 crore on research and development, among others.
New Nifty target at 9960 for next 12 months: Macquarie
Dec 04, 2014 at 10:15 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Rakesh Arora, Head of Research - India at Macquarie Capital says that RBI could bite the bullet next quarter and cut interest rates.
Top10 stocks to focus on December 2
Dec 02, 2014 at 08:43 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are Top 10 stocks to focus on December 2 - Strides Arcolab, Mindtree, PNB, Yes Bank, Tata Motors, Hero Moto, Sparc, Gokaldas Exports, IRB Infra and Dr Reddy's.
Top 10 stocks to keep an eye on November 27
Nov 27, 2014 at 08:42 | Source: CNBC-TV18
CNBC-TV18's Research Team recommends Top10 stocks to watch in today's trade - ITC, HDFC, GVK Power, Torrent Power, Crompton Greaves, GSPL, Gail, JP Associates, DLF and IOB.
'Good move; realtors with large land chunk in Del to gain'
Nov 26, 2014 at 17:47 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Arun Aggarwal, vice-president - institutional research, Religare Capital Markets says the Delhi government has been trying to open up licenses for private development in the state. This may be a step in that direction, he says.
IDFC Securities bullish on roads, ports sector
Nov 20, 2014 at 17:01 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Shirish Rane, head of research, IDFC Securities green shoots are already visible in the roads and ports sector. The volumes in both the container segment and bulk have grown substantially, which in turn is driving the volume growth for ports.
Accumulate IRB Infra; target of Rs 276: Kotak Securities
Nov 18, 2014 at 15:02 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kotak Securities is bullish on IRB Infrastructure Developers and has recommended accumulate rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 276, in its research report dated November 07, 2014.
Buy IRB Infrastructure; target of Rs 288: Emkay
Nov 17, 2014 at 17:08 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Brokerage house Emkay Global Financial Services is bullish on IRB Infrastructure Developers and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 288 in its November 5, 2014 research report.
What should PM Modi focus on at the G20?
Nov 14, 2014 at 22:22 | Source: CNBC-TV18
To discuss Modis agenda and what are the expectations from the visit, CNBC-TV18s Shereen Bhan spoke with Prof Sachin Chaturvedi, director general at the Research and Information System for Developing Countries.
Road projects race ahead as govt steps on gas: CRISIL
Dec 11, 2014 at 15:00 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CRISIL's study shows an unprecedented pick-up in execution amid a proactive government and faster approvals by implementing agencies. This is expected to improve the returns for the developers of build-operate-transfer (BOT) projects and companies engaged in the construction of roads.
Govt clears Rs 1,425 cr scheme for tea promotion
Dec 11, 2014 at 09:22 | Source: PTI
As per the scheme, Rs 400 crore will be spent on plantation development, Rs 350 crore on quality up-gradation and product diversification, Rs 200 crore on market promotion and Rs 150 crore on research and development, among others.
New Nifty target at 9960 for next 12 months: Macquarie
Dec 04, 2014 at 10:15 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Rakesh Arora, Head of Research - India at Macquarie Capital says that RBI could bite the bullet next quarter and cut interest rates.
Top10 stocks to focus on December 2
Dec 02, 2014 at 08:43 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are Top 10 stocks to focus on December 2 - Strides Arcolab, Mindtree, PNB, Yes Bank, Tata Motors, Hero Moto, Sparc, Gokaldas Exports, IRB Infra and Dr Reddy's.
Top 10 stocks to keep an eye on November 27
Nov 27, 2014 at 08:42 | Source: CNBC-TV18
CNBC-TV18's Research Team recommends Top10 stocks to watch in today's trade - ITC, HDFC, GVK Power, Torrent Power, Crompton Greaves, GSPL, Gail, JP Associates, DLF and IOB.
'Good move; realtors with large land chunk in Del to gain'
Nov 26, 2014 at 17:47 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Arun Aggarwal, vice-president - institutional research, Religare Capital Markets says the Delhi government has been trying to open up licenses for private development in the state. This may be a step in that direction, he says.
IDFC Securities bullish on roads, ports sector
Nov 20, 2014 at 17:01 | Source: CNBC-TV18
According to Shirish Rane, head of research, IDFC Securities green shoots are already visible in the roads and ports sector. The volumes in both the container segment and bulk have grown substantially, which in turn is driving the volume growth for ports.
Accumulate IRB Infra; target of Rs 276: Kotak Securities
Nov 18, 2014 at 15:02 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kotak Securities is bullish on IRB Infrastructure Developers and has recommended accumulate rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 276, in its research report dated November 07, 2014.
Buy IRB Infrastructure; target of Rs 288: Emkay
Nov 17, 2014 at 17:08 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Brokerage house Emkay Global Financial Services is bullish on IRB Infrastructure Developers and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 288 in its November 5, 2014 research report.
What should PM Modi focus on at the G20?
Nov 14, 2014 at 22:22 | Source: CNBC-TV18
To discuss Modis agenda and what are the expectations from the visit, CNBC-TV18s Shereen Bhan spoke with Prof Sachin Chaturvedi, director general at the Research and Information System for Developing Countries.
Videos »

SpiceJet shares fall 12% post Jhunjhunwala investmentSpiceJet shares fall 12% post Jhunjhunwala investment
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Dec 9:  
In a rare case of a Rakesh Jhunjhunwala-invested stock going on a free-fall, the ace investor’s investment in SpiceJet has depreciated by over 12 per cent within 12 days amid mounting troubles for the cash-strapped budget carrier.
RARE Enterprises of Jhunjhunwala, who has long commanded a reputation in the Indian stock market of buying small stakes in companies with strong growth potential in terms of share price appreciation, purchased 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet for Rs 13.4 crore through open market route on November 28.
The shares have been purchased at a time when the no-frills carrier is facing tough business conditions and the situation has only worsened in recent days with cancellation of 70-80 flights a day and a total of over 1,800 flights having been cancelled for the current month alone.
As a result, Spicejet shares have plunged by 12.5 per cent since November 28, despite a rise of 2.62 per cent in today’s trading session. The stock on Tuesday closed at Rs 15.65, as against a price of Rs 17.88 a piece at which Jhunjhunwala had purchased shares amounting to about 1.4 per cent stake.
On the day of Jhunjhunwala’s purchase, the SpiceJet shares had surged 18.36 per cent. The plunge in shares in the interim period would be much steeper after excluding the surge on the day of share purchase.
The company has said that “a few parties have approached us and evinced interest in making investments...as the company has been exploring various options for raising fresh capital”.
It had also said last month that deliberations with prospective investors were “at an exploratory and preliminary stage”. But, there has been no clarity since then on the potential investors.
The large-scale flight cancellations came at a time when the aviation regulator DGCA was considering issuing a show-cause notice to the airline for defying its directives regarding advance bookings.
Besides, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) is said to be considering putting SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode soon if it does not furnish a bank guarantee against its dues to the airport operator, which stand at around Rs 200 crore.
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, DGCA had on Friday also withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees within the coming 10 days.
Union Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju also last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
“We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. With Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned,” Raju had said.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Smart MF investors book partial profit as indices trade highsmart mf investors book partial profit as indices trade high
Sceptic Carmignac bets on stocks© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c20dc0ae-7ef7-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Follow the Swiss on reserve managementFollow the Swiss for reserve management success
John Plender
Carefully controlled diversification of central bank assets makes sense
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32ee69ee-7f03-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fund giant targets advice shake-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c353e40a-7c97-11e4-aa9c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

THE GLORY DAYS OF ABERCROMBIE ARE LONG GONENothing Seems To Be Working For Abercrombie & Fitch
Posted:
Updated:
12/04/2014 10:59 am EST
In this Tuesday, July 10, 2012, photo, young women pause with their Abercrombie & Fitch shopping bags on the sidewalk along Fifth Avenue in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
Abercrombie & Fitch is trying everything to get teens and college kids to come back to its stores. It’s eliminating clothes with logos, rolling out new store designs and culling underperforming locations while attempting to cut $200 million in costs.
Yet it seems that nothing’s working.
The teen apparel retailer reported dismal results on Wednesday, with sales falling 12 percent for the quarter from a year ago, despite the multitude of changes meant to spur a turnaround. Chief executive Mike Jeffries blamed the struggles on weak store traffic and overall turbulence in the teen fashion industry.
“It is very clear that the young apparel sector in which we operate is going through a period of disruption, and turmoil,” Jeffries said on a conference call with analysts on Wednesday. When reached for additional comment, Abercrombie referred to Jeffries' statements on the call.
The lack of progress has some industry observers concerned that Abercrombie won’t be able to pull itself out of the bog. The moves may be “too little, too late,” Eric Beder, an analyst at Wunderlich Securities, wrote in a note to clients on Wednesday. With its logo apparel still in stores, bleak sales results, low traffic and stiff competition, he’s worried that the retailer won’t be able to recover.
“The glory days of Abercrombie are long gone, and the once teen giant has fallen,” wrote Beder. “We are unsure when it will be able to rise again.”
Teens don't like logos any more, and Abercrombie knows it.
Abercrombie and its sister brand Hollister have fallen on hard times. Shares are down 36 percent over the past two years. The company cut its 2014 earnings outlook on Wednesday. Plus, both brands are losing traction among teens, according to the latest teen shopping survey from research firm Piper Jaffray.
Back in the 1990s and early 2000s, teen shoppers flocked to Abercrombie, lured by the perceived coolness of the A&F name and trademark moose logo. But the retailer was slow to adapt when fashion trends shifted and customers began shunning logos.
Now, Abercrombie and Hollister are under siege from fast fashion retailers like H&M and Forever 21, which constantly adapt the newest styles from the catwalk, bring them to store shelves within weeks and sell them at low prices. A pair of jeans at Abercrombie costs between $68 and $88 when full price, while customers can snatch up a plethora of denim styles from Forever 21 for under $25.
“The Abercrombie and Hollister brands face enormous global competition and pricing pressure from fast fashion retailers that operate with price points significantly lower and inventory turns that are significantly faster,” John Kernan, an analyst at Cowen and Company, wrote in a note to clients in November.
Hollister stores are being overhauled, but will it be enough?
Still, Jeffries remains optimistic as the changes roll out. Hollister stores are experiencing a full revamp, with new storefronts, softer music and less musk spritzed throughout. Logos on clothes should be gone by spring . Meanwhile, Abercrombie’s adjusted its marketing to appeal to a wider range of body sizes, and now sells some plus-size clothes online.
“In light of a very difficult quarter, we must ask ourselves, and I know many of you ask the same question, are we make the right changes, are we moving fast enough, will these changes be enough to overcome a very challenging environment?” Jeffries said on the call. “Despite the difficult results for the quarter, we believe the answer to these questions is ‘yes.’”
More:

Protect Holiday Packages from Doorstep ThievesHow to protect holiday packages from doorstep thieves
Ben Popken TODAY
Email
There's nothing more anxious than fretting over picking the perfect gift to mail only to worry whether it got intercepted by a doorstep thief. Police are reporting several disturbing incidents of package theft across the country. Even though some of the culprits are caught on camera, they may escape arrest, leaving consumers to bite their nails after they click "send."
With this year being the biggest CyberMonday shopping season since 2010, there could be more packages in the mail, creating more opportunities for these doorstep Grinches.
Video: Police say they’re seeing a surge of thieves nationwide snatching holiday gifts right off the recipients’ doorsteps. Some of these Grinches are even following delivery trucks to look for loot. NBC’s Craig Melvin reports.
In Michigan, neighbors and a porch camera caught thieves as they tailed a UPS driver and picked up the packages he left behind. When police caught the suspects, they had over two dozen packages in their van, including speakers, clothing, and a 30-pound bag of dog food.
It's not just the Wolverine State. Five thieves were arrested last week in Chicago for stealing packages from porches. In New York a home surveillance video surfaced on YouTube with a bold thief strolling up to a woman's door and snagging a package from her steps.
Though alarming, mailers say actual doorstep package thefts are relatively rare. UPS spokesman Andy McGowan said "a very small number" of packages are stolen. The U.S. Postal Inspection Service didn't have statistics readily available.
Still, there's no need to gift unsafely. Here's how to protect your holiday packages from those who would snatch them off your loved one's porches.
Add signature confirmation
For a small fee you can require that someone signs for your package before the delivery person drops it off. It's not foolproof, but it increases the odds of a safe delivery. At FedEx, either the shipper or recipient can make that request.
Use premium package control programs
For $5-$10 per request, you can get access to power delivery tools at UPS at FedEx that allow you to reschedule times or specify delivery windows. For a $40 annual fee, UPS My Choice members can make as many requests as they want. FedEx Delivery Manager also has some free options, like a 14-day vacation hold or specifying that you want it delivered to a specific area, like tucked behind a grill or planter.
Get it delivered to your local mail facility
All the major carriers will allow you to re-route packages to your local mail office. "These centers can serve as a "mailroom receiving agent" and offer a real street address, secure 24-hour access (at participating locations) and email or text notification when you have a package waiting," said UPS's McGowan. At FedEx, this is free, UPS and USPS charge a fee. UPS also accepts packages from all carriers. 
Enroll a friend
If you can't be home, have a trusted friend or family member pick up your package and hold onto it.
Get presents at work!
Have the package mailed to you or your giftee's workplace.
Keep your eyes peeled
"Neighbors protect neighbors by flagging suspicious activity to each other and the police," Sheriff Anthony Wickersham of Macomb County in Michigan told TODAY.
If it does get stolen... check your credit card
Many issuers offer theft protection. If your package gets stolen, file a police report immediately and send it to your credit card company. They'll refund your purchase, up to $500 or $1,000, depending on your credit card company's policies. 
Email Ben Popken ben.popken@nbcuni.com or  @bpopken .
Tags:

Madoff s ex-back office director gets 10 years in prison5
The five employees are among 15 people who have pleaded guilty or been convicted at trial. Madoff is serving a 150-year prison term after pleading guilty in 2009 to running a scheme that cost investors an estimated $17 billion or more in principal.
Prosecutors said the five employees knowingly propped up Madoff's fraud by creating fake documents and backdating trades.
Prosecutors said Crupi, who managed accounts purporting to have a $900 million balance in 2008, helped generate fictitious trading data presented to firm clients.
Prosecutors had sought more than 14 years in prison for Crupi, who was convicted of securities, conspiracy and other charges with the other four employees.
But Swain imposed a more lenient term, as she did in sentencing the other employees, a trend a prosecutor last week said set a bad precedent.
Daniel Bonventre, Madoff's former back office director, was sentenced last Monday to the longest prison term, 10 years.
Annette Bongiorno, Madoff's former secretary and later a manager, received six years in prison, while computer programmers Jerome O'Hara and George Perez received 2-1/2 years in prison each.
Prosecutors sought more than 20 years for Bonventre and Bongiorno and more than eight for Perez and O'Hara.
The defendants, who are expected to appeal, have said Madoff deceived them into believing the business was legitimate.
Crupi told Swain on Monday that she had believed Madoff, who had discouraged her from learning about the securities industry.
"Knowing my work played a part in carrying out this horrible scheme will cause me shame and remorse for the rest of my life," Crupi said.

France warns Germany to watch its wordsWatch your words or feed populism, French minister warns Germany
Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c390afda-7eda-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bowl a bouncer first ball at India  says PontingTweet
0
Ricky PontingThe Adelaide Test will begin on Tuesday with Phil Hughes' shadow looming large over the famed venue. Hughes death after being struck by a bouncer shocked the world, with some experts calling for a ban on bouncers. However, that talk is not for Ricky Ponting . The former Australia captain says the home team's feared pace bowler Mitchell Johnson needs to run in a bowl one straight up at India's openers, because not doing so would violate the spirit of Test match cricket.
He writes:
I'd love to see Mitchell Johnson run in and bowl a bouncer first ball of the Test match. I don't want to see anyone get hurt, but the bouncer's part of the fabric of the game, and if they're not playing in the aggressive way they did last summer then they're not actually playing in what I believe is the spirit of Test match cricket. In his speech at the funeral, Michael talked about the spirit of the game and how important it is, and to me that spirit is a really aggressive nature and attitude, a fierce will to win. I hope that comes out at the start of this series in Adelaide.
India certainly won't be taking a backward step. Their bowlers showed on Friday in the  tour game  against a Cricket Australia XI that they will not be shy about delivering bouncers. One of these from Varun Aaron struck the young batsman Jordan Silk on the helmet. Silk shrugged it off, the game went on and everyone felt a little more at ease. India's young generation of cricketers are generally a bit more abrasive and aggressive than their predecessors, as shown by the confident strut of Virat Kohli. MS Dhoni may yet be fit to play in Adelaide, but Kohli is the young batsman and leader who will be key to their chances of putting an early stamp on the contest.
Johnson himself has been dealing with demons since Hughes' death. He has turned to a war veteran for advice on life and death situations.
Johnson first spent time with Ben Roberts-Smith while searching for improved mental skills to run alongside a technique refined in the company of Dennis Lillee at Perth's Hale School. Those expanses also happened to be the Alma mater of Roberts-Smith, who now shares Army Reserve duty with corporate-motivation work.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Private Red Eye: The Hunt for Coffee in a N.Y. Minuteprivate red eye: the hunt for coffee in a n.y. minute
Sensex ends below 28 000  Nifty breaks 8 350; Global cues dragSensex ends below 28,000, Nifty breaks 8,350; global cues drag
Faraan Tarique | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 03:47 PM IST
Benchmark indices extended losses for the third straight session as investors booked profits across the board, amid a sell-off in Chinese shares, with state-owned oil exploration major ONGC leading the decline.
 
Further, widening current account deficit also weighed on investor sentiment.
 
A sharp rise in gold imports and a fall in export growth pushed India's current account deficit (CAD) to 2.1% of GDP in the financial year's second quarter, ending September, compared to 1.2%of GDP for July-September 2013.
 
The 30-share Sensex ended down 322 points at 27,797 and the 50-share Nifty closed down 97 points at 8,341.
 
In the broader market, BSE midcap and smallcap indices underperformed their larger peers with losses of around 1.5% each.  Market breadth in BSE ended negative with 903 declines against 2,040 advances.  
 
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 4,984.60 crore on Monday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
 
Buzzing Stocks
 
All the sectoral indices on BSE closed in red. BSE Power and Metal indices weighed the most with losses of 2.7% each followed by Capital Goods and Consumer Durables indices which lost more than 2% each.  BSE Oil and Gas index ended down by 1.5%.
 
BSE IT and Healthcare indices down by 0.2% each posted the least losses among the sectors.
 
Sun Pharma gained around 1% after the Competition Commission of India (CCI) approved the proposed merger between Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy, which will result in a combined entity with annual sales worth $4.3 billion, making it the fifth-largest generic drug maker globally.
 
Mahindra and Mahindra ended with gains close to 1.5%. The company was in news as according to media reports, Mahindra and Mahindra's farm equipment sector is all set to offer an air-conditioned variant for their newly launched Arjun Novo tractor.
 
Oil and gas shares were under pressure after global crude oil prices fell to a five-year-low on concerns about supply glut. ONGC declined more than 4%. Reliance and GAIL lost around 0.6% and 1% each.
 
ICICI Bank lost over 1%. Today, the country’s largest private sector bank imposed charges on its own customers for the use of its ATMs for more than five times in a month.  SBI, HDFC Bank & Axis Bank have already introduces ATM use charges.  Axis Bank and SBI ended down by 1.4% and 2.2% each.
 
Bharti Airtel lost around 4%. On Monday, Supreme Court (SC) agreed to hear Department of Telecommunications’ plea challenging the restoration of 3G intra-circle roaming pacts by Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) which enables telecom companies, like Airtel and Vodafone to offer 3G services even in zones where they do not own 3G spectrums by signing pacts with each other. According to media reports, SC has issued notices to Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and Idea Cellular.
 
Shares of metal companies were under pressure, falling by up to 5% on China slowdown fears.Sesa Sterlite, Tata Steel, Hindalco Industries, Steel Authority of India (SAIL), Jindal Steel and Power (JSPL) and JSW Steel closed down 2-5%.
 
Meanwhile, domestic passenger car sales increased 9.52% to 1,56,445 units in November as compared with 1,42,849 units in the year-ago month.Motorcycle sales last month declined 3.05% to 8,53,254 units from 8,80,078 units a year earlier, according to data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM).
 
Tata Motors and Maruti Suzuki lost 2.4% and 1.5% each.
 
BHEL lost around 3%. The company was in news for commissioning a hydro power project in African country Rwanda.  
 
Among other shares, SPML Infra rallied 10% after the company said it has received new orders worth Rs 267 crore and also to raise funds worth Rs 75 crore through qualified institutional placements (QIP).
 
Global Markets
Chinese stocks were swamped by heavy profit booking. Last week, Chinese markets had surged around 9%. According to a Bloomberg report, a sharp sell-off in riskier debt spread to government notes and stocks after Chinese authorities disallowed the use of lower-rated bonds as collateral for some short-term loans. Shanghai Composite Index closed down 5.4%. Hong Kong shares too witnessed heavy selling and the Hang Seng index closed down by 2.4%.
 
Nikkei closed 0.7% down, snapping a seven-day winning streak and pulling away from 7-1/2-year highs as a rebound in the yen prompted investors to book recent gains in exporter shares.
 
European markets were trading lower tracking weakness in Asia. FTSE 100, CAC 40 and DAX indices lost around 1% each in early trades.
 

Sensex gets Shanghai blues; below 28K | Why China stks crackedYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex gets Shanghai blues; breaks below 28000, down 322 points
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 9, 2014, 03.53PM IST
Tags:
corporate bonds
(Sensex finally closed at…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged as much as 356 points in trade on Tuesday, after a sudden sell-off in Chinese markets led to a correction in other Asian markets, including India.
The Nifty slipped below its crucial psychological support level 8,350 and was trading at its November 20 lows. The S&P BSE Sensex also slipped below its crucial support level of 28000 in trade today, led by losses in ONGC, L&T, ITC and ICICI Bank.
Shanghai shares (SSE Composite index) posted their biggest one-day percentage fall in five years (since 2009), down 5.43 percent, or 163.99 points, at 2,856.27, on news that China's securities clearing house had tightened the use of corporate bonds as collateral for short-term financing.
The S&P BSE Sensex finally closed at 27,797.01; down 322.39 points or 1.15 per cent. It hit a low of 27,763.82 and a high of 28,157.53 in trade today.
The 50-share Nifty index ended at 8,340.70, down 97.55 points or 1.16 per cent. It hit a low of 8330.50 and a high of 8444.50 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index closed 1.57 per cent lower and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 1.59 per cent.
Analysts' at top brokerage firms are of the view that there could be further weakness in global as well as domestic markets, but those dips should be used to go long or buy stocks at lower levels, because the broader trend still remains intact.
"The market had been waiting for a correction and there could be further dip as far as markets are concerned given whatever is happening in the global markets," says Nipun Mehta, Founder & CEO, Blue Ocean Capital Advisors.
"There are some concerns that are coming out of announcements maybe let's say in China or Europe to whatever extent that is there. So those kind of dips will come about but clearly, they will preset opportunities to buy," he adds.
Sesa Sterlite (5.1 per cent), Bharti Airtel (4.2 per cent), Tata Power (4.1 per cent), ONGC (4.4 per cent) and NTPC (3.5 per cent) were among the major Nifty losers.
Sun Pharma (up 1.4 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 1.19 per cent), HCL Technologies (up 0.08 per cent), TCS (up 0.08 per cent) and NMDC (up 0.07 per cent) were among the major Nifty gainers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BMW CEO Reithofer to Take Over as ChairmanIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Unregistered online cabs banned across India  FIR against UberGovt speaks in two voices on banning radio cabs
Karn Pratap Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 13:35 IST(9/12/2014) | Last Updated: 03:16 IST(10/12/2014)
Comments
The government on Tuesday asked all states and Union territories to stop operations of web-based cab-booking services but appeared to be talking in two voices about the proposed ban with ministers differing over the way such companies should be regulated.
Police escort Uber cab driver Shiv Kumar Yadav, who is accused of raping a woman executive, after his court appearance in New Delhi on Monday. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
While home minister Rajnath Singh told the Rajya Sabha that his ministry had “advised state governments to ensure operations of web-based taxi services are stopped”, his colleague and road transport minister Nitin Gadkari said such a ban didn’t make sense.
Singh's statement comes a day after the Delhi government banned all unregistered internet taxi services, including Uber, Ola, TaxiForSure and TaxiPixi, for not following existing transport department regulations.
Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure cabs on Delhi's roads despite ban
According to the home ministry, service providers which are not licensed with the state government and UT administrations are prohibited to operate till they get registered.
But, Gadkari told reporters outside Parliament, “Tomorrow, if something happens on a train or a bus, we can’t ban that. Similarly, if something of this sort happens on a plane, that too cannot be banned,”
The minister added modern concepts like these were being implemented worldwide, in countries like the UK and US. “Banning is not a solution. We should look at ways to effectively regulate it,” Gadkari said.
Speaking in a suo-moto statement in the Upper House, Singh had said the government would take all steps to ensure the safety of women and children but clarified the Centre wanted to regulate operations of cab-booking companies and not ban them.
“The government strongly condemns this dastardly act. All necessary steps are being taken to bring the offender to justice,” Singh said.
In spite of the government advisory, Uber cabs continued to ply in most metro cities on Tuesday. In Mumbai and Kolkata, the service was available and the smartphone app active. In Bengaluru, cabs on the web-based app were unavailable though no clear ban was announced in the southern city.
Uber’s smartphone app also continued to remain active and cabs available for hire in Delhi, more than 24 hours after the US-based firm was banned in the Capital following the rape of a 25-year-old woman Friday night. 
Uber, meanwhile, was booked by the Delhi Police for allegedly misleading their passengers by claiming they do a background verification on their drivers.  
 
An FIR under Section 420 (cheating) and 34 (common intention) was filed against the US-based company at the Sarai Rohilla police station, Madhur Verma, DCP (north), told Hindustan Times on Tuesday.
 
"Our investigation... revealed that no (driver) verification was being done by Uber in India. This means they were circulating wrong information to people here who were using their services. This violation certainly attracts a cheating case against them," said a police officer.
(with HTC inputs from Bengaluru, Mumbai and Kolkata)

Reliance forms JV with China s Ruyi for textile businessDec 09, 2014, 05.41 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Reliance forms JV with China's Ruyi for textile business
Under the arrangement, RIL will transfer its existing textile business into the JV for a cash consideration. RIL will own 51 percent in JV
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Reliance forms JV with China's Ruyi for textile business
Under the arrangement, RIL will transfer its existing textile business into the JV for a cash consideration. RIL will own 51 percent in JV
Post your opinion here
 
&nbsp;Moneycontrol Bureau
Reliance Industries  on Tuesday said it was forming a joint venture with China’s Shandong Ruyi Science and Technology Group for its textile business, which operates under the Vimal brand.
Under the arrangement, RIL will transfer its existing textile business into the JV for a cash consideration. RIL will own 51 percent in JV, and the proposed transaction is subject to requisite approvals, the company said in its release.
Ruyi, a leading textile company in China with revenues in excess of USD 3 billion, has a global presence and a portfolio of brands such as ‘Taylor & Lodge’, ‘Harris Tweed’, ‘Royal Ruyi China’, ‘Nogara Italy’ and ‘Indios Italy’.
“The JV will build on RIL’s existing textile business and wide distribution network in India as well as Ruyi’s state-of-the-art technology and its global reach. The JV will benefit from the strength of the ‘Vimal’ and ‘Georgia Gullini’ brands and plans to introduce some of the well-known global brands
of Ruyi,” the release said.
Commenting on the deal, Nikhil R. Meswani, Executive Director, Reliance Industries Ltd., said: “Our joint venture with Ruyi Group will help Reliance reposition its textile business on a high growth path. Our partner’s deep commitment and global reach in textile business will enable this JV to harness the growth potential of the Indian market and emerge as a global textile player”.
Reliance stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  11:05 hrs Reliance Industries was quoting at Rs 872.00, up Rs 7.90, or 0.91 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1142.50 and the 52-week low was Rs 794.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 69.65 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 12.52. The latest book value of the company is Rs 609.19 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.43.
RELATED NEWS

Stock futures lower after biggest drop since OctWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange
BRENDAN MCDERMID,, REUTERS
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Two previous rape charges and two molestation cases: Uber cab driver has a tainted pastComments
When the news of Uber cabbie Shiv Kumar Yadav's arrest reached Ram Nagar village in Uttar Pradesh's Mainpuri, residents celebrated and women distributed halwa and prayed at the Shiv temple. The picture they painted of the 32-year-old was of a notorious serial sexual offender who terrorised women and had even been banished from the district.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
Yadav, who allegedly raped a woman who took his cab in Delhi on Friday, was arrested in Mainpuri in 2013 on rape charges but released on bail six months later. Delhi Police have already revealed his involvement in another previous case of rape in 2011, for which he spent seven months in Tihar jail but was let off after the case fell.
Official records show Yadav has a string of criminal complaints against him, including two molestation cases, but managed to obtain a character reference signed by a police officer that appeared to have been forged .
He escaped each time due to lack of evidence - something that seemed to embolden him.
Adding to his long list of criminal transgressions, another woman came forward on Tuesday, saying she had filed a complaint against him with Uber barely a month ago but the cab company had taken no action.
"I was coming from Chandni Chowk and the driver started staring at me lecherously through the rear view mirror. The situation got so bad that I had to hide behind the seat to avoid his stares. I later filed a written complaint with Uber but no action was taken," US-based Nidhi Shah, who took the cab on November 26, told NDTV.
Shah also shared her experience on Twitter. She said she received a reply from Uber saying "someone will have a chat with the driver", but there was no further follow-up.
"I blame myself for not taking the complaint seriously. Maybe if I had insisted on stricter action, the (rape) incident could have been avoided," she told the TV channel.
Residents of Ram Nagar village, where Yadav grew up, say he terrorised local women, who dreaded stepping out of their homes after dusk if he was in the village. 
"He is a compulsive sex offender. You won't find a single household in this village whose women he hasn't teased or molested. I know no less than 26-27 cases that never reached the police," said resident Kushun Singh.
Tehsildaar Singh, another villager, said, "Six months ago, he sneaked into the village, pinned down a girl and blackmailed his father into buying him a car. When his father refused, he climbed a tree with a noose around his neck... His father relented."
Delhi cab rape: 'Uber's image last concern, want to see justice done'
This was the same car he used to allegedly rape the 25-year-old financial analyst in Delhi on Friday night.
"Police had barred him from entering Mainpuri. Though people are terrified, they seldom lodge any criminal complaint because they believe it will bring a bad name to the village," said a police officer.
Despite his criminal past, Yadav had managed to forge a character certificate for an all-India tourist permit for his Maruti Swift Dzire.
Yadav's family wants nothing to do with him. "A mother doesn't expect her son to commit such a demonic act. In the past, we did our best to bring him on the right path. It is time now for him to pay for his crime," Ganga Shri, 70, said.
Mahendra Yadav, his former teacher, said, "His father wanted him to pursue engineering. He was a good student till Class 10."
 
Yadav's name entered police books in 2003, when he was 21, for allegedly molesting and assaulting a girl in Mainpuri. From that year to 2009, he was booked several times under the Goonda Act and charged with carrying illegal firearms.
 
On December 13, 2011, the son of a college principal was arrested for allegedly raping a young passenger at Chhatarpur in Delhi. The girl had hired his cab to take her home from a dance bar in Gurgaon.
But, inconsistencies in her statement led to Yadav's acquittal in November next year because the crime couldn't be established beyond reasonable doubt.
 
Yadav was again accused of raping a girl in Mainpuri in 2013. He was arrested after a case was registered with Elau police station but later released on bail.
He became more daring over time. He was charged early this year with molestation and assault of a woman in the Elau area of Mainpuri, where he had already faced eight separate criminal charges. Again he escaped with a rap on the knuckles because of lack of evidence.
Yadav says it was consensual sex: Cops
The police said Yadav was claiming it was a consensual encounter for which he had agreed to pay the Delhi woman the Rs. 20,000 she allegedly demanded. "He claims that after consensual sex, the woman demanded Rs. 50,000 and when he refused to pay up, she threatened to go to the police," an investigating officer said.
According to sources in the Delhi Police, Yadav also gave his interrogators a detailed account of the 'sexual cruelty' he subjected the woman to for almost an hour - slapping her thrice, attempting to strangle her and threatening to insert an iron rod in her, even as she cried for mercy and pleaded saying she was getting married in January.
Police sources said Yadav showed no remorse, was behaving casually and his only demand was 'low-sugar' Marie biscuits with his tea. He was on Tuesday taken to Mathura, where his clothes and two mobile phones were recovered.
"While hiding in Mathura, Yadav was in constant touch with two lawyers. One advised him against undergoing an identification parade  while the other suggested he leave the country and flee to Nepal," the officer said.
Watch: Uber cab driver's mother wants punishment for her son's crime

Assembly elections: J-K defies poll boycott callComments
Millions of voters defied a separatist call to boycott assembly elections in Kashmir and voted amid tight security in the third phase of the polls on Tuesday, but the turnout was lower than the first two rounds with voters in separatist stronghold staying away.
Kashmiri voters queue at a polling station in Handwara, about 70 kms north of capital Srinagar. (AFP photo)
The Election Commission said 58% of voters turned up to cast their ballot, lower than record over 70% numbers in the first two phases when Kashmiris battled bone-chilling winter temperatures in a bid to keep the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from gaining in the Muslim-majority state.
Sixteen constituencies in the Valley went to the polls under the shadow of violence after 21 people were killed in a string of militant attacks last week, including one on an army camp in the border town of Uri, but that didn’t stop people in central Kashmir where the turnout was a high 73%. Uri recorded a record high turnout of 79% while the highest percentage in the state was in Charar-i-Sharief were 82% of people came out to vote.
Militant attacks and poll boycott cast a shadow on voter turnout in many areas including the separatist bastions of Sopore and Baramulla in North Kashmir and South Kashmir's Tral and Pulwama.
Sopore logged the lowest numbers at 30 percent while Tral and Pulwama recorded 38 percent voting and Baramulla was moderate at 45 percent. Sopore is the hometown of separatist leader Syed Ali Shah and Tral was one of the worse affected in Friday’s militant attacks, with two civilians killed and 10 injured in a grenade attack in a crowded market.
Many people said they were voting for peace and development in Kashmir which has been torn by a separatist revolt for about 25 years.
"We have borne the brunt of wars between the two countries. The Kashmir issue is too big and complex to be resolved by my vote. Our village got road this year only. Earlier we used to trek on foot. I am voting for a pakka road and hope to see some employment generation here," said Muhammad Hanief, a 50-year-old government employee.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and three of his cabinet colleagues are among 144 candidates whose fate will be decided in the third phase of polling spread across the three districts Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla districts.
The Abdullah scion, however, faces tough competition from Congress which is banking on the local credentials of candidate Nazir Ahmad Khan. Analysts say his National Conference is widely expected to lose in the face of deep anger in the state, especially since the devastating floods in September, while the Peoples Democratic Party is seen emerging as the single largest party in the 87-member assembly.
Some areas in South and North Kashmir witnessed stone pelting and a petrol bomb was hurled by unidentified men at a polling station in Gulmarg constituency. No casualties were reported in the incident, but polling was generally peaceful.
PDP patron Mufti Muhammad Sayeed said the massive turnout was "not only a message to the divisive forces but also an assertion to resolve problems democratically".
“Jammu and Kashmir is sending out a loud and clear massage not only to the divisive forces but also that it wants the problems facing the state resolved through the democratic process," Sayeed said in Khiram area of Bijbehara constituency.
Jharkhand too defied a Maoist call to boycott the polls with 61.35% of voters turning out to vote in 17 constituencies in a bid to end years of political instability in the state which has seen nine chief ministers and been under President’s Rule three times since it was created 14 years ago.
Barring a few incidents of exchange of gunfire between security forces and Maoists in Giridih district and clashes between two political parties in Ichagarh before polling began, the third round passed off peacefully.
A total of 289 candidates are contesting 17 out of the state’s 81 assembly seats, including former chief ministers Babulal Marandi, former deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato, former assembly speaker CP Singh and three cabinet ministers—Annapurna Devi, Rajendra Prasad Singh and Jaiprakash Bhai Patel.

http://usat.ly/1AaKnWNFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Britain's Tesco issues another profit warning
Shares in Tesco plunged as much as 16% in London trading on Tuesday after the supermarket giant issued yet another profit warning.
Post to Facebook
Britain's Tesco issues another profit warning Shares in Tesco plunged as much as 16% in London trading on Tuesday after the supermarket giant issued yet another profit warning. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D2HLzY
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Britain's Tesco issues another profit warning
Maria Tadeo , The Independent 7:18 a.m. EST December 9, 2014
A shopper leaves a Tesco supermarket in London on Oct. 23.
(Photo: EPA)
2 CONNECT 11 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Shares in Tesco plunged as much as 16% in London trading on Tuesday after the supermarket giant issued yet another profit warning.
The stock touched a 14-year low after it warned its full year profits will not exceed £1.4 billion (about $2.2 billion) — well below analyst estimates looking for £1.8 billion to £2.2 billion.
Britain's biggest supermarket is recovering from an accounting scandal after it admitted profits had been misreported by £263 million. Initially, Tesco said the overstated profits only related to the first six months of the financial year but it was later revealed that the misreporting had been taking place for more than three years.
Chaos grips U.K. stores at Black Friday sales
The supermarket was left fighting a war on two fronts as it seeks to restore its image under new boss Dave Lewis while fending off pressure from German discounters — Aldi and Lidl — which have rattled the hegemony of the Big Four supermarkets in recent years.
We take a closer look at where it all went wrong for the supermarket giant:
TESCO'S RISE AND FALL: A TIMELINE TO TROUBLE
February 2011: Sir Terry Leahy steps down as chief executive on his 55th birthday after 14 years in charge, overseeing a leap in pre-tax profits from £750m in 1997 to £3.4bn at his last set of annual figures in April 2010. Tesco's market share stands at 30.5%.
January 2012: Tesco's first profit warning in almost 20 years after poor Christmas trading as it finds itself squeezed by discounters Aldi and Lidl and upmarket Waitrose and Marks & Spencer.
April 2013: Posts first fall in annual profits in 19 years, hit by a £1.2bn charge on its U.S. Fresh & Easy chain.
February 2014: Supermarket promises to spend an additional £200m on lower prices for basic products, and to rein in annual capital spending.
April 2014: Profits fall 6.9% to £3.05bn for the year to 22 February.
June 2014: Reports a 3.7% fall in like-for-like sales for the first quarter.
July 2014: Announces that Unilever's Davis Lewis will replace Philip Clarke as chief executive on 1 October.
August 2014: The change at the top is brought forward a month  as another profits warning is issued.
September 2014: The previous month's guidance turns out to be too optimistic as Tesco reveals it has overstated profits by £250m and calls in Deloitte to investigate.
October 2014: The Financial Conduct Authority launches an inquiry into the numbers as the company suspends a total of eight executives.
Legendary American investor Warren Buffett of Berkshire Hathaway concedes buying shares in Tesco was a "huge mistake" and sells large stake in the supermarket chain in a humiliating episode for Tesco.
23 October: The supermarket releases interim results and it not a pretty sight: the black hole had cost the supermarket more than expected — to the tune of £263 million — and the practice had been going on for years, not months.
Shares took a battering after it also unveiled profits were down 92%. Chairman Sir Richard Broadbent announced his resignation and boss Lewis was criticized after failing to provide details about his strategy.
December 2014: Tesco shares under pressure (again) on latest profit warning. Supermarket says full year profits won't exceed £1.4 billion — below analyst estimates. The supermarket had already lowered its profit forecast for the year from £2.8bn to £2.4bn in August.
This story originally appeared in The Independent . The content was created separately from USA TODAY.
MORE FROM THE INDEPENDENT:

http://usat.ly/1ufJ44lChung: More records, dips for stocks in '15
Adam Shell, USA TODAY 9:12 p.m. EST December 11, 2014
Video Keywords Amgen superior growth food delivery special reasonable Biotech consumer companies favorite stocks online Home traditional method home delivery growth companies iPad Google America's
Alger CEO and Chief Investment Officer Dan Chung talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about stock picks for 2015 and the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ, at USA TODAY's 2014 Investment Roundtable. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  I'm Adam shell of the USA today and I'm here
00:05  at Dan Chung the CEO and chief investment officer Alger. Ever
00:10  heading into the new year and it its stock X yes
00:14  of one of our favorite stocks is grub symbol DR UP.
00:18  It is a Internet online. Home food delivery. Company so through
00:25  its web site grub hub and also seem less than a
00:27  few other. You can. Stephen menus of restaurants that delivering your
00:32  neighborhood. And order online for home delivery of if favorite take
00:39  out food. On this is a large market. On and grub
00:44  hub is the leader and it. And we think it offers
00:47  terrific upside. This this. Online. Take out delivery is still a
00:54  very its tent roughly 10%. Of consumers use this as the
00:59  opposed to basically the traditional method of the paper. Menu stuff
01:05  done to your door and then pick up the telephone and
01:08 call and talk to someone on line. On there's a badges
01:11  on both sides of this equation for consumers. It really is
01:14  easier to see the menu. You know on your iPad or
01:17  on your computer and just collect and order. Then it is
01:20  to pick up the phone wait talked to someone you know
01:23  make sure that they orders correct and obvious for the restaurant
01:26  and it's even more convenient. And in restaurants want to fill
01:29  it wanna cup food fill orders and deliver them. Up picking
01:33  up the phone to take orders and actions that they're accurate
01:36  in your address getting to payment information. Not this is always
01:40  the time for the restaurant. It's a very high incremental margin
01:43  for the money every extra food order that they can deliberate
01:45  how fast and efficiently process that so grub hub and seamless
01:48  and there the collection of the company's web sites. Are. Transforming
01:53  this business that we think will grow rapidly as more more
01:56  consumers discover the sites that use than those to order take
01:58  out home food delivery. On so the company is in our
02:02  mind age forty to 50% top line or for several years
02:06  out with earnings growth in excess of that as it begins
02:09  to. I gain scale. Against the cost base of creating its
02:13  services and so if the very attractive stuff multiyear basis and
02:17  X example of what the Internet economies being did you even
02:20  in some of the oldest. Businesses. In our in world it's
02:25  very much like that Hoover. Take out. A big story potential
02:30  story next year maybe the NASDAQ. You know hitting. Its first
02:34  new high since 2000 it's been fifteen years. I'm number one
02:38  you think the NASDAQ has a shot at making a new
02:40  high that the guys. Well is that a positive message a
02:44  sign of healing in the market we think it's a sign
02:46  of another market top potentially. Right so I think it will
02:50  definitely test that you line and ultimately go through and make
02:54  new laws. And I think the fifteen year mark is an
02:57  interesting comment on history. Because when the NASDAQ first at those
03:00  levels at the end of the ninety's in the midst of
03:02  the Internet boom right the creation of Internet. On. Too much
03:07  excitement about how soon and how. How fast we would get
03:12  you know these companies to grow how awful it would be
03:16  on in the course that the crash. But. It's very symbolically
03:21  important and I think they were wrapped that level I think
03:23  we will reach it and exceeded because. It's taken fifteen years
03:26  but the Internet has fulfilled its promises. Investors who bought in
03:30  at the top there fortunately. Too early too fast paying too
03:33  much but fifteen years they'd let it become all the granite
03:36  and agree. The Internet has finally fulfilled a lot of promises
03:39  of the ninety's but acts surprised us and continues to surprise
03:42  us and what can do and actually the stock adjustment to
03:45  rub up and Hoover examples of how mean and it does
03:47  surprise me revolutionizing even traditional. Or businesses that one thing but
03:51  not on the Internet businesses respect. So I think. That fifteen
03:55  years as an important history the other part about it is
03:58  the constituents of the NASDAQ today. And their multiples and valuations
04:01  are far different companies they're better manage. And there and and
04:05  they're managed for shareholder value on an apple at the top
04:08  of the stack there but it's also Google it's also Biotech
04:11  companies like Amgen in Iliad. On most of these are valuations
04:15  are much much lower very reasonable relative to what they were
04:18  and a special reasonable to the superior growth that they offer
04:21  so for example the NASDAQ. Today is sitting at about 191819.
04:24  Times next year's quarter earnings. But it them a far different
04:28  cry from what it was at the you know at the
04:30  top back and that in in an age when really go
04:33  the earnings are almost not meaningful. And and more than. It
04:37  just you know not meaningful so I think today we're looking
04:40  at actually a very interesting growth the index one composed of
04:44  about 44% technology. 19% health care about 1516% consumer names in
04:50  if if individuals to look. You on the top holding apple
04:54  but also down with I think they would say this is
04:55  the collection as the America's best growth companies. Some of their
04:59  global leaders we have leaders in American bode technology. And in
05:02  health care and in many consumer companies. And they are actually
05:06  quite attractive guy I'm quite confident that we're gonna test and
05:09  ultimately we are going to exceed. The old eyes and I
05:12  think I would definitely agree catapults him and thank you very
05:15  much stand.
The annual USA TODAY Investment Roundtable contributor Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer at Alger Funds, in New York on Dec. 5, 2014.
(Photo: Todd Plitt, USA TODAY)
19 CONNECT 46 TWEET 59 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Investors will likely see more record highs in the U.S. stock market next year, but they should also brace themselves for more downdrafts similar to the mid-October swoon that knocked the broad market down nearly 10% and put a scare into investors, says Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer at Alger, speaking at USA TODAY's 19th annual "Investment Roundtable."
Chung, one of four top Wall Street fund managers and investment strategists that sat down with USA TODAY on Dec. 5 to draw a road map of where financial markets are headed in 2015, struck a bullish tone.
(Tuesday, USA TODAY rolls out the second installment of its "Investment Roundtable" coverage with insights on the outlook for the bond market in 2015 from Rick Rieder, chief investment officer of fundamental fixed income at BlackRock.)
The Nasdaq composite, Chung says, will finally make a new all-time high next year, 15 years after the dot-com stock bubble burst in March 2000. The Nasdaq entered today's trading session up nearly 15% for the year and 5.3% below its March 10, 2000, record close of 5048.62 The growth-focused stock picker also won't rule out Dow 20,000, which would be a 11% rise from the current level of roughly 17,940 for the blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.
5 things for investors to brace for in 2015
* What's the call?
"I am very confident that the Nasdaq will reach new highs," Chung declared, adding that posting a new record after all those years of trying to recoup its steep losses suffered in the 2000 plunge and the more recent financial crisis will send a "very positive, powerful" message to Wall Street.
The Nasdaq in 2015 is a very different animal than the Internet- and tech-stock crazed index it was back in 2000. In retrospect, he says, it's clear that in the initial phase of the Internet revolution, stocks rose "too fast, too early."
"What the last 15 years says is that the ideas that drove the market to its highs in the first phase were not incorrect, it was simply timing."
While virtually every stock in the Nasdaq's heyday in 2000 were wildly overvalued, that's not the case today. Today's Nasdaq companies – including a "new generation" of leaders, such as Google and Facebook and biotech firms with "real products that are curing people" – are growing their businesses and earnings at a much faster clip. They are also much-better managed.
"The valuations today are much lower, with the Nasdaq's price-to-earnings ratio based on next year's earnings estimates in the high-teens," Chung says. In contrast, "the valuations back in 2000 were really "NM," or not meaningful. You had to do some magic, because a lot of the companies that drove the index did not have meaningful earnings at all."
In fact, "there are many parts of the Nasdaq, including Apple, its biggest component, which are not at all expensively valued and I think are undervalued," Chung says.
Another plus: The index isn't just filled with tech stocks these days. It's getting bigger contributions from the health care, biotech and consumer sectors.
Video Keywords S&P 500 market stability initial phase Biotech Google FaceBook
Dan Chung, CEO and chief investment officer of Alger, talks with USA TODAY's Adam Shell about the odds of a record high for the NASDAQ during USA TODAY's Investment Roundtable.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  Number one do you think the NASDAQ after fifteen years
00:07  we'll finally get back. To its old record high back in
00:10  the behaving at 2000. You know in this so what's driving
00:14  that and more importantly. What message will that new high beat
00:17  the market went it will will be the NASDAQ I'd be
00:20  viewed as. And the good side of the market stability healing
00:25  or will it be viewed. As yet you know a potential
00:28  and another sign. Day another bubble. That is you know ready
00:33  to burst and what you're taking anything remarkable react to that.
00:37  So I think the market will vest and an aspect particular
00:39  definitely. Test build on and I think it will go and
00:44  beyond it. On. I think the message actually is a very
00:48  positive wanted. Kind of powerful if you think it long sweeps
00:51  the time which is that while clearly below heights it reached
00:55  in the bubble. The initial phase of the Internet particular. Were
01:01  too early too fast too early. Bomb. But I find it
01:05  interesting that fifteen years later I think. The value in the
01:10  NASDAQ is a little higher than the S&P 500 but the
01:13  growth is also substantially higher. Driven of course by tech but
01:15  also been healthcare consumer which together are really 88% announced back.
01:21  On you know I looked at the sub components that the
01:23  NASDAQ carefully over the last couple weeks and there are many
01:26  parts of it including what's the biggest holding unit which is
01:29  apple which are not at all expensively values I think are
01:33  undervalued so. Armed and very confident that aspect of reached new
01:36  highs and I think witness over the last fifteen years says
01:38  is that. The idea that drove. The market to its highs
01:44  in the in the first phase. We're not in correct it
01:47  was simply hiding. Over the last fifteen years though these are
01:51  better companies that built that this has carefully. On a better
01:54  manage to beat of course have a new generation Google wasn't
01:57  part of that. Neither was FaceBook. But also for example in
02:02  the Biotech Kerry and farming area a lot of the drugs
02:05  that were not exciting early developments. Are now actually real products.
* What will move the market?
Chung dubs the current bull market that began in March 2009 "one of the most hated bull markets in equities of all time."
The economy is healing and U.S. companies are strong, which should bode well for stocks despite the Federal Reserve's expected move to start raising short-term interest rates next year.
Chung thinks investors' "aversion" to stocks, which continues to show up in tepid inflows of cash to stock mutual funds, even though the stock market has tripled from its 2009 bottom, is bullish for the stock market next year.
Will Fed rate hikes slam stocks? Nope, BlackRock's Rick Rieder says http://t.co/rhauTvbrAk #marketoulook15 pic.twitter.com/SZY6dPh1vI
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) December 9, 2014
"Investors have been in effect selling all the way up in this market," says Chung, citing the massive net mutual fund outflows from U.S.  stock funds the past five years. "That is one of the formulas for why equities can continue to outperform."
*What's the biggest risk?
Remember the spring 2014 selloff, when momentum stocks and high-flying social media and biotech names suffered a meaningful correction, with many affected stocks and industry groups cratering more than 20%? Do you recall the scary fall dip when the broad Standard & Poor's 500 index suffered a 9.9% correction?
"I think we will see more of that," says Chung, adding that those dips will create opportunities for stock pickers.
He wouldn't rule out a 10% market correction. A downturn of that magnitude hasn't occurred since late 2011.
"Ten percent will be tested simply because investors will want to test it," Chung says.
What really worries Chung is what he calls "rising global nationalism," or a "rejection of globalization."
He cites political tensions in China, South Asia, Eastern Europe, Russia, Ukraine and the Middle East as "hot spots to be watched."
* Stock to watch.
One stock Chung likes is GrubHub (GRUB), the online food-ordering website. The stock closed Friday at $34.49.
19 CONNECT 46 TWEET 59 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CZIDoQ
USA TODAY INVESTMENT ROUNDTABLE 2015

OVL wins oil block in New ZealandDec 09, 2014, 06.40 PM IST  | Source: PTI
OVL wins oil block in New Zealand
The Indian firm was among those who were declared winner of the 15 oil and gas exploration licences by New Zealand's Energy Ministry.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
OVL wins oil block in New Zealand
The Indian firm was among those who were declared winner of the 15 oil and gas exploration licences by New Zealand's Energy Ministry.
Post your opinion here
 
ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas investment arm of India's biggest energy explorer, has won an offshore oil and gas block in New Zealand, the first domestic firm in this sector to have made it in that country.
OVL won an offshore exploration permit in the Taranaki Basin, in the same region as several commercially successful oil and gas fields. The Indian firm was among those who were declared winner of the 15 oil and gas exploration licences by New Zealand's Energy Ministry.
Others who walked away with exploration licences included US giant Chevron and Norwegian state-owned oil and gas company Statoil. OMV New Zealand, a subsidiary of the Austrian oil major OMV and already producing oil and gas offshore Taranaki, was awarded one offshore Taranaki and one Pegasus permit.
Local major Todd Exploration, in partnership with Beach Petroleum, took one offshore Taranaki permit, while Canadian onshore producer TAG Oil NZ took a further two Taranaki onshore permits.
New Zealand awarded six permits for onshore blocks, including two on the west coast of the South Island, and nine offshore block. Of the total, seven permits were for exploration in the Taranaki region.
OVL has taken a 12-year permit in the Taranaki Basin,  according to the announcement. This is OVL's maiden bid for an exploration acreage in New Zealand. OVL has 35 projects in 16 countries like Venezuela, Colombia, Brazil, Mozambique, Sudan, Iraq, Iran, Vietnam, Bangladesh, Myanmar and Russia.
OVL produced 8.36 million tonnes of oil and oil equivalent gas in 2013-14 fiscal, up from 7.26 million tonnes oil equivalent in the previous year. It recently acquired 2.7 percent stake in a Azerbaijan oilfield that produces about 700,000 barrels of oil per day. Also, it picked up 16 percent interest in a giant gas discovery area in Mozambique. The offshore gas discovery has recoverable reserves of 50-70 trillion cubic feet, out of which OVL's share would be 8-11 Tcf.
The block has potential to become one of the world's leading LNG producing hubs, production expected by 2018. New Zealand launched the exploration round last year with a view to beef up oil-export earnings and trim dependency on agriculture. Last year it awarded 10 licenses, all of them to companies already exploring for oil and gas in the country.
Crude oil is the fourth-biggest component of New Zealand's export basket in value terms after dairy, meat and wood. However, production has fallen over the past five years, with 2012 oil output averaging 40,300 barrels a day, down 13 percent year-on-year, and nearly a third compared with 2008.
RELATED NEWS

India most optimistic on hiring plans for Jan-Mar 2015Dec 09, 2014, 06.44 PM IST  | Source: PTI
India most optimistic on hiring plans for Jan-Mar 2015
According to the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey released today by ManpowerGroup, this is the fourth time in a row that employers in India have reported the most optimistic  hiring plans among the 42 countries participated in the quarterly research.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India most optimistic on hiring plans for Jan-Mar 2015
According to the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey released today by ManpowerGroup, this is the fourth time in a row that employers in India have reported the most optimistic  hiring plans among the 42 countries participated in the quarterly research.
Post your opinion here
 
Opportunities for job seekers are expected to grow even better in the new year with employers in India being most optimistic foreseeing vigorous hiring activity in the January-March period, says a report.
According to the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey released today by ManpowerGroup, this is the fourth time in a row that employers in India have reported the most optimistic  hiring plans among the 42 countries participated in the quarterly research.
The net employment outlook for India stood at 45 percent indicating that job seekers may benefit from a vigorous hiring pace in the months ahead. "The government initiatives, designed to make labour  markets more flexible to effectively address employability gaps and combined with signs that the Indian business environment is improving, are reinforcing employer confidence," A G Rao Group Managing Director ManpowerGroup India said.
The report said that hiring plans rebound for the upcoming quarter from the year-ago levels in most industry sectors and all regions, and overall hiring pace is expected to be "vigorous".
"Companies are back in hiring mode. Opportunities for job seekers are expected to grow even stronger as emphasis is placed on improving both business growth and employment generation," Rao said adding that a rise in the number of start-up ventures and the emergence of India as an investment destination has also helped in building up the momentum.
The most optimistic hiring plans are reported by employers in the wholesale and retail trade sector and the finance, insurance and real estate sector. From a regional perspective, employers in the Southern and Western regions anticipate the most opportunities for job seekers in the months ahead, reporting Net Employment Outlooks of 46 percent and 45 percent, respectively.
Across the globe, employers in 38 of the 42 countries and territories report positive first-quarter hiring plans. While employer confidence in both the US and the UK continues to gradually improve, hiring intentions in China and Brazil remain positive, but the energetic pace that once characterised both labour markets has now slowed to more modest levels.
Hiring confidence for the January-March period is once again strongest in India, Taiwan and New Zealand. The weakest and only negative forecasts are reported by employers in Finland, Italy, Netherlands and Switzerland, the report said.
Among the Asia Pacific countries, employers in India report the strongest hiring plans across the globe, while the weakest forecast is reported by Australian firms, it added.
RELATED NEWS

PM Modi appeals to Jharkhand voters to give decisive mandate to BJPPress Trust of India | Dec 09, 2014 at  07:46pm IST
Dhanbad: Flaying the Opposition, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said it has run out of issues and asked the people of Jharkhand to give a decisive mandate in favour of the BJP to ensure state's speedy development.
Seeking a stable government with full majority in Jharkhand, Modi asked people not to hand over power in the state in the hands of "thekedars" (brokers).
"These days leaders of opposition parties are very upset. They have to campaign for the sake of their survival and are going to Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir too. But they don't have any issues against the Modi government. They are repeating their speeches made during the Lok Sabha elections. There is bankruptcy of issues for opposition," Modi said addressing a poll rally on Dhanbad on Tuesday.
Seeking a stable government with full majority in Jharkhand, Modi asked people not to hand over power in the state in the hands of "thekedars" (brokers).
The Prime Minister said his government's policies will help the mineral-rich state progress fast and reap benefits of its coal reserves. Exhorting the people to elect a BJP government with full majority, Modi said, "You have done this for country, will you not do it for the sake of Jharkhand. Coalition governments in the country have given the power in the hands of 'thekedars' and you know what they have done to the country and the states for so many years."
Referring to the state's rich coal reserves, he said, "You are sitting on a black diamond. This Jharkhand's black diamond has the potential to light up the entire country and our policies will help the state reap its benefits." Talking about the Coal scam and the Supreme Court verdict on it, the Prime Minister said though it came as a "blow" to us and "pained" the government, it was taken up as an "opportunity" to improve things.
Modi also hit out at the Opposition for "lying" to the people while nationalising banks some 40 years ago in the name of helping the poor. He said the Jan Dhan Yojna has helped every poor in the country open a bank account and benefit even without depositing a single penny. So far the poor of the country have deposited Rs 7,000 crore in bank accounts opened by them under the scheme, he said.
Comparing the prosperous western part of the country with the under-developed eastern part, he said the country will become strong only if both sides develop equally and announced his government's focus to develop the eastern part of the country which is rich in natural resources.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Google s Nexus 6 to be available from tomorrow @ Rs 43 999Hi Guest
Google's Nexus 6 to be available from tomorrow @ Rs 43,999
Google on Tuesday launched the Nexus 6 smartphone which will be available from Wednesday at a premium price of Rs 43,999 in the country. The company launched the smartphone as part of its great online shopping festival, that will take place from December 10-12. Apart from Nexus 6, Google launched Chromecast for Rs 2,999 and introduced some other products of companies like Lenovo, Asian Paints, Tata Housing and Van Heusen for GOSF. "The GOSF's first edition took place in 2012 with 90 merchants ...

Oriflame plans to expand in MaharashtraHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Oriflame plans to expand in Maharashtra
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Dec 9:  
Swedish direct selling beauty brand Oriflame plans to increase the service points (SPOs) in Maharashtra by nearly 50 per cent in the next one year.
The brand, which has just launched its new office in Pune, plans to increase the SPOs to 240 and consultant base to 58,000 by the end of 2015 from 163 and 39,000 respectively at present.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

We expect complete clarity on retrospective tax: Patricia HewittWe expect complete clarity on retrospective tax: Patricia Hewitt
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 06:41 PM IST
British and global investors still feel that retrospective taxation is not the only issue in India but difficulty of importing including food labelling issue, corruption, labour laws and policy and regulatory uncertainties will have to be addressed quickly by Modi government.
In an interview with Sanjay Jog, Patricia Hewitt, Chair, UK India Business Council (UKIBC) and former UK minister, who was in the city to inaugurate  UKIBC office, spoke on number of government initiatives and investment sentiments
What is your view on a number of initiatives by Modi government to attract investments?
Election of Modi and new government has itself very positive impact on business sentiments in India and in UK and generally around the world. That is already contributed to improving the growth picture and confidence in India's prospects.
That is very welcome. Make In India is a wonderful signal and an ambitious vision and  programme designed  to build the manufacturing capabilities to create development and jobs. There are  welcome steps of ease of doing business especially reducing the number of permits needed and bringing in the, much needed transparency.
I clearly see Make in India is a wonderful platform. I see sector after sector in which British and India are natural partners. Advanced manufacturing  and engineering , aerospace and defence where we can see considerable growth. This apart, there is whole development of of education  and vocational skills and training. Further, development of smart cities is hugely exciting. We have got no of exciting companies which were involved in the development of  new city, town and regenerating heritage cities and old industrial areas.
Besides, there is a huge potential of investors from both the countries to invest in Bolly wood, graphic designs, digital effects. This apart, health care is another sector. There is a great deal to learn from each other. Moreover, both India and Uk and partner in energy, renewable energy especially wind and tidal energy.
However, the government has yet to decide the fate of retrospective taxation. Is it hampering investments?
Finance Minister Arun Jaitely's statement on retrospective taxation has been welcome but there is much more needed. We certainly hope that the budget next year will be Modi government's first real budget.  We hope in that budget if not before  there will be decisive action and complete clarity on  the issue of retrospective taxation. It has damaged individual companies and that is not good. But the real damage has been done to India itself because of the weakening of investor confidence. Both Indian investors and British and foreign investors feel that India remains a very uncertain environment because of retrospective taxation if not finally settled.
What are other roadblocks the government  need to remove to attract investments in India?
Retrospective  taxation is not the only issue that investors are considering when they decide whether or not to invest in India but it is a big issue. You add to that issues of difficulty of importing including food labelling issue, some of the corruption issues although there have been welcome signals from Modi himself.  All of these issues make India a more difficult  place to invest than India wants today.
If India is going to achieve its potential and vision of Make in India and create 100s of millions of good quality jobs, labour laws need to be reformed. It is one of the issues that comes out when businesses want to expand. However, Prime Minister Modi's approach of allowing states to take lead and decide on labour laws is important for India's development. We are not going to sit here and  rewrite or dictate India about labour laws. However, there is a need to modernize labour laws in order to create good jobs this has been lesson in EU as well.
As far as environment  laws are concerned, they are quite essential for sustainable development but do not throttle or destroy industry and prospective jobs. Infact, good environment protection and industrial jobs should go hand in hand.
What is your opinion on policy and regulatory challenges faced by the investors in India?
Policy and regulatory uncertainties are one of the big challenges that is faced not just at the Centre but all governments in India. It is very significant that Modi has been a successful chief minister and has brought all chief ministers together to reshape relations between the sates and Centre. Modi knows that India's future depends on good governance and leadership in the states and in Delhi as the Centre  cannot do on its own.
There is no doubt that some businesses and investors who have money to invest are hesitating because of these  difficult issues. Its seven months since Modi government was elected. Direction of travel is very clear.  I think this is time to look India afresh particularly growth in rest of the world is slowing down. India is a bright spot in the global economy.

China reminds US not to take sides in South China Sea disputeBy: Press Trust of India | Beijing |
Posted: December 9, 2014 7:33 pm
China on December 9 denounced a US State Department document on the South China Sea dispute saying that Washington should abide by its commitment not to take sides on the issue.
“The document ignores basic facts and international legal principles,” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei told a media briefing here when asked to comment on the US document, called “Limits in the Seas – China: Maritime Claims in the South China Sea”.
“The United States has violated its commitment of not holding position and not taking sides in the South China Sea issue. Such a move is inconducive to the resolution of the South China Sea disputes and the peace and stability of the South China Sea,” Hong said.
China’s claims over almost all of the South China Sea (SCS) are contested by Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines and Brunei.
“China has always been committed to resolving territorial disputes with the countries concerned through direct negotiation and friendly consultation on the basis of respecting history and international law,” Hong said.
“We urge the United States to abide by its commitment, speak and act cautiously, and view and deal with the issue in a fair and objective way,” he said.

India may change rules on gold imports for star trading houses - sourceDec 09, 2014, 07.33 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
India may change gold import rules for star trading houses
India could also announce changes to rules last year mandating that all imports be paid fully with cash margins
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India may change gold import rules for star trading houses
India could also announce changes to rules last year mandating that all imports be paid fully with cash margins
Post your opinion here
 
India will announce changes as early as this week to a rule mandating so-called star trading houses export 100 percent of their gold imports, a policy maker with direct knowledge of the upcoming action said on Tuesday.
India could also announce changes to rules last year mandating that all imports be paid fully with cash margins.
The actions would come in the form of a clarification to the country's surprise move last month to scrap a rule mandating traders export 20 percent of all gold imports, in what had been called the 80:20 import rule.
The changes to 80:20 had left unclear the fate of "star trading houses," or leading private trading firms, which had been mandated last year to export 100 percent of their gold imports.
The policy maker added in the clarification India would give these star trading houses "a free hand" without specifying any further.
"What remains is star trading houses, which are allowed to import (gold) only for 100 percent export. That remains, but that is not what we wanted. We want everyone to have a free hand," the policy maker said.
He declined to be identified because the measure has not been announced yet.
Traders had said they had expected potential clarifications to the 80:20 rule, citing widespread speculation in markets.
India this year has eased some of the restrictions on gold imports it imposed in 2013 when a wide current account trade deficit had sparked the worst currency turmoil since the 1991 balance of payment crisis.
 

Nobel prize an opportunity to fight for children: SatyarthiDec 10, 2014, 09.30 AM IST  | Source: PTI
Nobel prize an opportunity to fight for children: Satyarthi
Satyarthi gave up his job as an electrical engineer to run NGO Bachpan Bachao Aandolan (Save Childhood Movement) in India for rescuing children from forced labour and trafficking
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nobel prize an opportunity to fight for children: Satyarthi
Satyarthi gave up his job as an electrical engineer to run NGO Bachpan Bachao Aandolan (Save Childhood Movement) in India for rescuing children from forced labour and trafficking
Post your opinion here
 
Child rights activists India's Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai today said the Nobel peace prize gives them tremendous opportunity in their fight and struggle for children's rights.
"Even if one single child is in danger then the entire world is in danger," Satyarthi said here at a joint press conference with Malala on the eve of award ceremony. Satyarthi, 60, and Malala, 17, will share USD 1.1 million Nobel Peace Prize here tomorrow.
"This prize is very important for millions and millions of children who have been denied their childhood...As I am talking to you there are millions of children who are denied this freedom, we need to work for them," he said. "There are children who are sold like animals...children who are forced into prostitution. The children who are made hostages. The children who are made child soldiers," he said, adding that this Nobel peace prize gives tremendous opportunity in the fight and struggle for children's rights.
Satyarthi gave up his job as an electrical engineer to run NGO Bachpan Bachao Aandolan (Save Childhood Movement) in India for rescuing children from forced labour and trafficking. "We have to work towards peace for children and children for peace... We have to create such a world," he said. Describing Malala as his daughter, he said she is the bravest child one can think of. Malala, who survived a near-fatal Taliban attack two years ago with determination advocating education for girls, said she is proud to be a Muslim.
"We strongly believe in Islam. Islam is a religion of peace, but unfortunately there are people who don't know about this religion," she said, referring to Taliban militants. 
READ MORE ON   PTI , Kailash Satyarthi
ADS BY GOOGLE

Toshiba s global solution to Indian ProblemDec 09, 2014, 07.21 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Toshiba's global solution to Indian Problem
India is one of the largest producers of electric power in the world; still nearly one fourth of it is lost in transit and fails to reach the end customer.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Toshiba's global solution to Indian Problem
India is one of the largest producers of electric power in the world; still nearly one fourth of it is lost in transit and fails to reach the end customer.
Post your opinion here
Special Show
India is one of the largest producers of electric power in the world; still nearly one fourth of it is lost in transit and fails to reach the end customer. Toshiba Corporation with their cutting edge technologies and global know-how bring better transmission & distribution (T&D) solutions into Indian Society
RELATED NEWS

Abercrombie & Fitch CEO RetiringIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Betting on Viacom s futurebetting on viacom s future
Uber has flouted many norms: DCWUber has flouted many norms: DCW
Financing and marketing needed to spur diamond market growth - BainFinancing and marketing needed to spur diamond market growth - Bain
No cause for concern on CAD front: Finance Minister Arun JaitleyNo cause for concern on CAD front: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley
Old prisoner dies in jail; judicial inquiry orderedOld prisoner dies in jail; judicial inquiry ordered
Bhutan  not India was first to recognise BangladeshBhutan  not India was first to recognise Bangladesh
Uber had payment system issues in IndiaUber had payment system issues in India
(EMBARGOED: FOR PUBLICATION IN MORNINGERS DATED DECEMBER 10/(EMBARGOED: FOR PUBLICATION IN MORNINGERS DATED DECEMBER 10/
State Bank of India launches  SBI Composite IndexState Bank of India launches  SBI Composite Index
Indian CEOs want diversityTweet
DIVERSITY
A PwC report says improving workforce diversity is important for 90 per cent of Indian CEOs, which is significantly higher than the global average of 82 per cent, China (84 percent) and Russia (51 per cent). The report also reveals that by 2030, the wage gap between developed economies and some emerging nations would have been bridged significantly. However, India and Philippines will still enjoy significant difference in wages when compared against mature markets.
HUMAN RESOURCE
Employees as brands
Here’s a new brand on the horizon – the humble employee. A report by the Boston Consulting Group says that employees have become an essential component of brands, Antonella Mei-Pochtler, lead author, said, “Brand experiences are now largely shaped by the people on the front lines who interact daily with customers, who have rising expectations. Employees have become, in effect, brand ambassadors.” Now, that should make employees puff out their chests with pride!
LEADERSHIP
P&G on top
For the second consecutive year, Procter & Gamble topped the list of Hay Group’s annual Best Companies for Leadership study. It was followed by General Electric, Coca-Cola and IBM. The study ranks the best companies for leadership around the globe. A key finding from this year’s study was that 80 per cent of the top 20 companies had established clear career paths for their employees, compared to only 48 per cent of all other companies.
(This article was published on November 18, 2014)
Related

Hiring the next top performerHiring the next top performer
Satya D Sinha
Tweet
How talent analytics can help home in on the right performing talent
A leading FMCG company with a large sales workforce was struggling to balance performance and constant loss of workforce. Productivity was affected since the hiring team was back filling for replacements, who would further take time to settle down.
Analysing data showed that in the sales team, 20 per cent were top performers, 45 per cent were meeting expectations and 35 were average. The parameters which defined a top performer were sales numbers, an above eighty per cent customer satisfaction score, achieving the average order value through up-sell and cross sell numbers.
Most companies with a large sales force do incur hiring costs, training and other managerial processes without assurance of a value add from new hires.
Does the candidate have the interest, attitude, and willingness to perform the job; neither their resume nor the interviews can reveal this. The CEO of this company then used data science to quantify the mindset of the sales guy. A quantified mindset can be used to predict employees who are likely to succeed. Hiring managers use this model to hire candidates with a better fit, decrease attrition and substantially reduce costs.
The method
Several factors have been measured in different ways, but a handful are relevant to the workplace: curiosity, problem solving approach, degree of cooperation, service orientation and aggressiveness.
The underlying concept is that humans have intrinsic attributes that are strengths or weaknesses in different roles. The mindset has been called “attributes” or aptitude, and consists of many factors that can, in fact, be measured.
When we apply these human factors to the performance of a specific job role, in each role, certain combinations of traits do well and others don’t. Attention to detail helps an accountant, but can slowdown a sales guy. Service orientation is often useful for a service role and improves customer satisfaction but might not be effective to make an up-sell.
Design
The focus should be on finding what it takes to achieve goals as set by the CEO. A meta-code called “job fit” with three levels: “good hire,” “bad fit,” “neutral” should be established. Each reason code is assigned to a job fit level. To eliminate bias, modern data science methods need to be used to gather samples, build, evaluate and implement talent models. The data modelling is created with maximum accuracy and sensitivity.
Implementation
From the existing employees, the management identified a group of 176 top performers based on performance metrics, manager reviews and customer feedback. These top performers were measured with an online talent survey, gathering 10 raw talent metrics that have been validated and calibrated across a wide range.
Next, a mathematical model for success in this role was created. The attribute scores for these top performers were strongly clustered, showing a clear similarity in behavioural and ambition metrics. As a result, a straightforward linear model was created to indicate a percentage match to the scores.
The organisation began to use the match to benchmark its existing top performers as part of its hiring procedure. With predictive power, the system would accurately find more good hires, and accurately reject more of the expensive bad fits.
The writer is CEO, MANCER Consulting
(This article was published on November 25, 2014)
Related

Auto Sales Strongest in Years Amid Falling Gasauto sales strongest in years amid falling gas
Late Car Payments Risinglate car payments rising
Millennials arent job hopping as much as previous generations. Heres why thats bad.Amanda Healy, marketing manager for TIBCO Software Inc. in Boston, has worked for three employers over the past three years. Each change came with a significant boost in pay. (By Damian Strohmeyer for The Washington Post)
Amanda Healy has worked for three companies in the last three years.
She’s had her current job as a marketing manager for TIBCO Software Inc. for about eight months — and she hopes to stay there for the long run. But her stint at her previous employer lasted only 10 months.
The 26-year-old says she isn’t a habitual job hopper. (She was with her first employer for three and a half years.) But she thinks the moves she has made between employers have been vital to advancing her career — and growing her paycheck, 25 percent every time. Each move, even the internal ones she made at her first company, came with more responsibility.
“There was a gap in my skill set, and the next role really helped to fill that gap,” Healy says of her recent job changes.
Other workers her age haven’t been so lucky. For all the stereotypes that millennials are entitled, noncommittal job-hoppers, younger workers are actually staying in their jobs longer than previous generations did. In the late 1980s, about 50 percent of 20- to 25-year-olds changed jobs each year, but that dropped to 35 percent after the recession, according to an analysis by The Washington Post.
It’s not clear if millennials are holding on to those jobs by choice or if they are struggling to find better opportunities. But it is clear that staying put has a cost, mostly because of the kinds of jobs millennials are likely to land these days: lower-paying positions that often don’t require a college degree.
Median wages have stagnated or decreased over the past decade in four of the five sectors hiring the most millennials today, according to a report issued this week by Young Invincibles, a group that focuses on the economic issues facing young workers. The only sector that saw a significant increase in pay was health care, where demand for workers is increasing. Pay cuts were particularly significant for people working in retail, where annual pay was $2,000 less than what it would have been 10 years ago.
“The data shows that millennials are taking jobs and keeping them,” says Konrad Mugglestone, a policy analyst for Young Invincibles and a co-author of the report. “But unfortunately, the jobs they’re taking are the ones that don’t offer high wages, and they don’t offer opportunities to grow.”
Job hopping, when it’s possible, has emerged as one of the few ways to escape those lower wages, especially since the rewards that companies have historically offered for employee loyalty — pensions and pay raises — continue to diminish.
Take raises, for instance. Wages are projected to grow by 0.3 percent in the fourth quarter from a year ago, according to PayScale , a company that tracks salary information. That is down from the 2.9 percent increase seen in the fourth quarter of 2007.
And traditional pensions , once a bastion of retirement security offered to long-term employees, are now only offered to new hires by seven percent of Fortune 500 companies, down from about 50 percent in 1998, according to benefits consulting firm Towers Watson. All of that means that employees don’t get as much for staying with the same company for long.
“In the baby boomer generation, everybody had pensions, and that really facilitated lifelong commitments to a company,” says Melissa Murray Bailey, a president with Universum, a research and consulting company. “As companies have done less and less of that there really is less of a mutual expectation that people will make that commitment.”
And since pay is actually worse for them than it was for similar workers years ago, millennials are at risk of being worse off financially than their parents were. Data released by the  Census Bureau  on Thursday showed that millennials aren’t much better off when compared to their older colleagues.
Young workers today are more educated than previous generations were. But they’re also less likely to have a job and more prone to living in poverty. The typical 18- to 34-year-old makes $2,000 less annually when compared to younger workers in 1980, the study found, though the difference is much bigger in some states.
Millennials have developed a reputation for caring more than previous generations about finding a job that matches their passions. But pay is becoming more important as young workers look to move out of their parents’ homes or pay off their student loan debt, says Dan Schawbel, founder of the research and consulting firm Millennial Branding. “The economy has forced millennials to focus more on money than things they used to prioritize, like work flexibility,” he says.
Things may be looking up. Hiring is on the rise, and millennials are benefiting from some of those job gains, with the unemployment rate for 25 to 34 year olds dropping to 6.1 percent in November from 7.4 percent a year earlier, according to the latest jobs report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics . And more people are changing jobs, according to a separate report released last month, which is usually viewed as a sign of optimism in the job market.
Of course, moving from a company too quickly has its downsides. Some workers may find they are leaving before they can complete a big project or develop lasting relationships with their colleagues — things that are also vital for career advancement.
Healy says that’s why she hopes to stay a while with her current employer. She wasn’t actively searching for a job when the opportunity came up and was hesitant to leave her last company, where she was tasked with responsibilities, such as event planning and budget management, that she enjoyed. But the job offer from TIBCO came with a chance to manage people, an opportunity she hadn’t had before.
As a way to maximize her experience with both employers, Healy negotiated to push back the start date on her new job by a month so that she would be able to finish up a project with her previous employer.
Of course, many millennials who are moving from job to job are yearning for something more permanent. Some young people are finding themselves stuck in jobs that don’t require the college degrees they’ve gone into debt for. And, as my colleague Matt O’Brien has reported, the low wages associated with those jobs can drag down pay even later in their careers.
(By Damian Strohmeyer for The Washington Post)
Read More:

Retailers adjust as more holiday shoppers go mobileRetailers adjust as more holiday shoppers go mobile
Black Friday shoppers
Andrew Burton / Getty Images / Nov. 28, 2014
People shop in Manhattan Mall on the morning Black Friday, traditionally known as the beginning of the Holiday shopping.
People shop in Manhattan Mall on the morning Black Friday, traditionally known as the beginning of the Holiday shopping. (Andrew Burton / Getty Images / Nov. 28, 2014)
By Sarah Halzack, Washington Post
Black Friday (shopping)
For years now, we've heard a steady drumbeat of forecasts suggesting that mobile devices are going to play an increasingly crucial role in every step of a shopping expedition, from browsing and couponing to purchasing.
The consumer expects to be able to go in and out of a physical and digital world in a completely seamless way. - Doug Hope, GlobalShop
In the five-day shopping bonanza that stretched from Thanksgiving to Cyber Monday, there was ample evidence that this long- anticipated tipping point has arrived. For the first time, smartphones and tablets accounted for the majority of all online traffic on Thanksgiving Day, according to data analysis by IBM. On Black Friday, 1 in 4 online purchases was made on a mobile device.
"This year was probably the first holiday season that we really saw mobile really take off," said Brian Yarbrough, senior retail analyst at the financial-services firm Edward Jones.
8
Wal-Mart said that about 70 percent of its Web traffic between Thanksgiving and Cyber Monday came from mobile devices, while JCPenney said that more than half of its traffic came from smartphones and tablets. Best Buy's website was briefly taken down Friday morning while the company struggled to deal with an unexpected surge in mobile Web traffic.
As users take to mobile platforms in greater numbers, retailers are learning that small-screen shoppers are different: They buy fewer things and have less patience for a checkout process that is anything less than incredibly efficient.
Also, while shoppers did plenty of browsing on their cellphones over the long holiday-shopping weekend, tablets and PCs still reigned for actually making purchases. Smartphones accounted for 34.7 percent of traffic on Black Friday but just 11.8 percent of sales. Tablets accounted for 14.6 percent of traffic and 16 percent of sales.
"There's some kind of a disparity between traffic and conversion on smartphones," said Calvin Silva, senior retail industry analyst for Nasdaq Advisory Services.
BaubleBar discovered that how mobile customers reach the e-commerce jewelry company's site can make a difference. Tablet shoppers were more likely to reach the company's site through a search engine, while smartphone users were more likely to come from Facebook or other social media.
0
The company had to adjust, said Daniella Yacobovsky, a BaubleBar co-founder. For tablets and laptops, which have larger screens, Yacobovsky said, "we feel comfortable sending them to pages that have a little bit more of a design element to them."
Elissa Margolis, senior vice president of Disney Store North America, said that a large share of Disney Store's mobile shoppers were simply browsing. "Our merchandise is exclusive, so they're not using it [for] comparisons across other retailers," Margolis said. "But they may be using it to see if an item is available, read reviews."
Margolis said that about 90 percent of Disney Store's mobile traffic has typically come from Web browsers, not the store's app. But Margolis said the company is now doubling down on trying to draw more users to its app, which she acknowledges will be challenging. "There needs to be a reason why you would put an app on your phone versus just using your browser," Margolis said.
JCPenney revamped its iPhone app and mobile website in time for the holidays. The company said it believes the more seamless experience helped it turn more mobile browsers into buyers, reaching a conversion rate "in the 30 percent range" during parts of the holiday weekend.
Retailers and analysts say they expect the growth of mobile sales and traffic to be a bright spot throughout the holiday season. In particular, they predict these gadgets will be crucial weapons for the omni-channel shopper — that is, the one who bounces around between in-store, desktop and mobile shopping.
"The consumer expects to be able to go in and out of a physical and digital world in a completely seamless way," said Doug Hope, a retail marketing expert with GlobalShop. "This is the very beginning of a very significant shift in focus."

American Airlines spending $2B to refresh planes  lobbiesAmerican Airlines spending $2B to refresh planes, lobbies
American Airlines
Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune
An American Airlines plane, left, is parked at a gate as another American Airlines plane makes its way to its gate at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport.
An American Airlines plane, left, is parked at a gate as another American Airlines plane makes its way to its gate at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune)
American Airlines adding 'walk-up bars' on some planes
Among American's in-flight improvements: Wi-Fi, power outlets
American Airlines will spend $2 billion to spruce up its planes and lobbies after its merger with US Airways.
8
"Now that we have the network to compete globally, we're going to deliver a product that's better than our competitors," said Doug Parker, American Airlines chairman and chief executive. "Refreshed cabins and clubs, modernized ticket counters, improved technology and new aircraft."
United Airlines customers can now use Android devices to wirelessly stream movies and TV shows from the airline's free on-demand video entertainment service, the Chicago-based carrier said Friday. ( Gregory Karp )
Those upgrades, the airline said, will include lie-flat seats and Wi-Fi on international flights, power outlets for charging devices during flight, updated lobby designs with power outlets and work tables near gates and even planes with walk-up bars for business class customers.
American Airlines parent AMR Corp. and US Airways Group closed their $17 billion merger in December 2013, creating the world's largest airline.
The combined airlines inherited the American Airlines name and the US Airways CEO. The two plan to become fully integrated in 2015.
$2 billion??...that's amazing. You can as well calculate the number of companies that will benefit from this. The big ones like sikorsky definitely will as well as the fast rising BSTA.
Mark_Biz

US sues Deutsche in $190m taxes claimUS sues Deutsche in $190m taxes claim
Gina Chon in Washington and Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bee57ba4-7f21-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Imitation Games case for equalityKeira Knightley, Matthew Beard, Matthew Goode, Benedict Cumberbatch, and Allen Leech star in “The Imitation Game.”(Photo by Jack English/The Weinstein Company)
 
Gay rights movies frequently work as both art and politics by presenting viewers with sympathetic gay and lesbian characters, and then, once we feel attached to these fictional people, tallying up the ways that prejudice injures them personally. But “The Imitation Game,” a handsome new movie about Alan Turing, inventor of modern computing, and the work he did for the British at Bletchley Park to break the German Engima code during World War II, dares to suggest something grander: that the equal participation of gay people and women in public life is a matter of national self-interest.
“The Imitation Game” takes as its center the close friendship between Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch, in a typically sensitive performance) and Joan Clarke (Keira Knightley), Turing’s colleague, confidante and for a brief time, his fianceé. Screenwriter Graham Moore says he was animated by “The way Alan Turing and Joan Clarke were these two people who were each kind of cast out of traditional authority roles in traditional society in certain ways: her, because she was a woman, he because he was a gay man at a time when that was literally illegal, not simply frowned upon. And how these two outsiders were able to find each other and see the world in a way that no one else had, and to accomplish these things that no one thought were possible.”
(Disclosure: Moore and I met at a group dinner in 2013 and have seen each other socially in similar setting two other times since.)
At Bletchley Park, people like Turing and Clark were given opportunities to make full use of their talents on behalf of their country in a way that would not have been possible for them in peacetime. There were slights, of course. Clark had to be commissioned onto the Enigma process as a linguist, rather than as a full code-breaker because of her gender. “That was the only way they could get her the security clearance and get her into the rooms,” Moore explains. Other women were hired as clerks, director Morten Tyldum notes.
And some secrets were more dangerous than others. Part of “The Imitation Game” is taken up in a tense minuet between Turing and John Cairncross, the Bletchley codebreaker turned Soviet spy played by “Downton Abbey” star Allen Leech. As each man’s discovers the other’s secret–Turing’s homosexuality and Cairncross’ treachery–the balance of power shifts dangerously between them. The unnecessary suspicion of Turing’s homosexuality meant that he was not free to report a real security risk without having his own secret exposed, something that surely would have resulted in his removal from the project.
Leech says he was fascinated by “the power that you can have when you have all the information, but also the moral element of what you do with that information. And you have that information when they break the code, how they’re actually going to filter that through into the war effort.”
Some of those same dynamics played out in the post-war years. While in the post-War United States, women who had worked in factories were encouraged to embrace a return to domestic life to free up their jobs for men who were returning from Europe and the Pacific, women and gay men who worked at Bletchley faced a different dilemma. The code of secrecy that had guided their intelligence work bound them long after they ended their war-time service. Leech says he heard a story of a couple who only learned they had both worked at Bletchley decades into their marriage, while Moore recalls a meeting with a woman who wasn’t even aware until recently that she had helped break Enigma.
The consequences of this code of silence were more than personal. In order for women and gay men who served at Bletchley to use their service there as an argument that they ought to have equal opportunities and equal rights, they would have to have to breach the secrecy that governed their conduct there. The very act of speaking up on their own behalf would render them untrustworthy, a contradiction also captured by the excellent television drama “ The Bletchley Circle. ”
During the war, this delicate balance might have been sustainable. In a sense, Moore suggests, Britain’s own climate of sexual repression created a man who was perfectly suited to the Enigma project, which required the Allies not only to break Germany’s highest-level codes, but then not to act on that information in a way that might indicate to the Germans that their communications were no longer secure. Just as Turing could not act on his self-knowledge, the Allies had to continue to let the Axis kill huge numbers of soldiers and civilians so they could continue to make any use of the Enigma-encrypted messages at all.
“You’ve got this man who’s not qualified to sort of be this high-level spy in any way, but that he’s been keeping secrets every single day of his life,” Moore reflects. “He’s been imitating someone else every day and now he has to help the whole military apparatus imitate, in some way, something it’s not.”
But Enigma need not have been the end of Turing’s contributions to Britain and to the world. Moore says he was moved by “The idea of institutionally, what we lost due to the systemic persecution of gay men in the middle part of the century, to think of what Alan Turing could have accomplished if he hadn’t died so young.”
The idea that Alan Turing’s sexuality was so dangerous that he had to be chemically castrated didn’t just result in his eventual suicide. It was a tragedy for England. Gay rights, “The Imitation Game” suggests, aren’t just a matter of sympathy for others. Sixty years after Alan Turing’s suicide, it’s finally time to recognize full equality as a matter of our collective self-interest.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

PMO to EPFO: Invest 15% of funds in low-cost housingBlack money outflow from India up nine-fold in a decade, loss of $94.7 mn
In a boost to low-cost housing, the Prime Minister’s Office has worked out a plan to ensure credit flow of Rs 2.3 lakh crore to home loans that would help build 11.5 lakh such homes.
According to the proposal worked out by the PMO, the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) and insurance firms will deploy 15 per cent of their corpus towards home loans of up to Rs 25 lakh for low-cost housing.
Accordingly, the Central Board of Trustees of the EPFO is set to consider a proposal to deploy 15 per cent of its Rs 6.5 lakh crore kitty in the bonds of housing finance companies engaged in low-cost housing as well as amend the scheme to allow premature withdrawals by subscribers before the minimum service period of five years for servicing home loans.
“The proposal from the PMO has worked out that this decision shall generate a credit flow of Rs 70,000 crore towards home loan for low-cost housing, which in turn will create Rs 3.5 lakh additional low- cost homes,” said the agenda for the CBT meeting on December 19. The PMO has further said that insurance companies and the EPFO should be directed to invest any shortfall in investments into the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF) NABARD bonds in line with the priority sector limit shortfall guidelines for banks.
The move comes at a time when the Centre is working to promote affordable housing as well as develop 100 smart cities. Contending that housing loans given by housing finance companies are relatively low risk credits, the EPFO has accordingly suggested that its investment norms should be relaxed to allow more HFCs to become eligible.
Current investment norms allow the EPFO to invest in dual AAA rated bonds of companies making only seven HFCs eligible. These include HUDCO, HDFC, LIC Housing Finance, National Housing Bank, PNB Housing Finance, Dewan, Housing Finance Ltd and IndiaBulls Housing to which the EPFO has invested Rs 8,067.25 crore.
The EPFO has suggested that in order to invest the balance of Rs 55,618 crore in such companies, it should also invest in AA rated+ bonds of HFCs in which the government or any PSU or dual AAA rated private company has more than 25 per cent stake. Further, the current limit under which it can invest up to 40 per cent of the company’s networth should be increased to up to 60 per cent.
These relaxations will make more companies eligible including GIC Housing, Canara Home Finance, ICICI Home Finance, Gruh Finance and Sundram Paribas allowing additional investments of Rs 1,044 crore by the EPFO.
However, experts warn that home loans are not a low risk proposition and such decisions must be based on risk and returns. “The larger stakeholder should be involved. Investment decisions must be restricted to investment needs and not for imperatives for larger society,” said Amit Gopal, senior vice-president, India Life Capital Pvt. Ltd, an investment and legal consulting firm in retirement benefits.
Official data reveals that non-performing assets in the housing loan segment of public sector banks have shot up by over Rs 1,000 crore to around Rs 6,200 crore during the first six months of calendar 2014.
TAGS: EPFO Provident Fund
More from economy
Explained: How India will become a common market with GST With cascading taxes gone, over a period of time the lower tax burden could translate into lower prices for goods for consumers...

Bosch concludes wage settlement in Bengaluru plantBosch concludes wage settlement in Bengaluru plant
Mahesh Kulkarni | Bengaluru Dec 09, 2014 12:33 PM IST
Bosch Limited, a supplier of technology and services in the areas of Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology, today announced that it concluded its wage settlement for 2013-16 with its Workmen Union - Mico Employees’ Association (MEA) - on December 8, 2014. 
Around 2,600 employees of the Bengaluru plant of Bosch will benefit from the wage settlement. Bosch employees had gone on strike from September 16, 2014, demanding a renewal of wages with effect from January 2014.
Signing this settlement brought the prolonged illegal strike called by the Union to an end. The Workmen Union agreed to accept the company’s last offer of wage and benefits proposal that would increase the earning potential - the monthly cost-to-company (CTC) - of an average workman from Rs 64,000 to Rs 86,000, subject to working as per industrial engineering standards for 7.5 hours of work in an eight-hour shift, Bosch said in a statement. 
“I am pleased to see all our workmen resume production. Despite the adverse effect of the strike, the company has made a generous offer to its Workmen Union and expects them to adhere to the agreed measures on productivity standards,” said Steffen Berns, Managing Director of Bosch Limited on the signing of the settlement. 
“The company will continue its efforts towards establishing a trustful collaboration with its workmen and jointly find a way to help the company in maintaining its competitiveness. This settlement is a step towards securing the future of our Bengaluru plant. We would like to reaffirm our commitment to India and its strong growth potential,” Berns elaborated further.   
With this mutually agreed wage settlement, Bosch Limited’s Bengaluru plant will continue to be one of the best paymasters in the manufacturing and other comparable industries, he added.
Berns said the company has also offered to confirm 100 of the 370 temporary workmen at a new intermediate wage level despite the fact that in the future, it is likely to have excess manpower due to a change in the product mix. 

Shanghai stock exchange ends day with a 5% lossShanghai stock exchange plunges 5.43% at close; biggest drop in 5 years
Reuters Dec 9, 2014, 12.50PM IST
Tags:
China
(Among the most active stocks…)
SHANGHAI: Chinese shares plunged on Tuesday, sharply reversing course from a two-week rally fuelled in part by speculation the central bank would further ease policy, with a key stock index recording its biggest fall since the depths of the global financial crisis.
Volatility also gripped the currency markets, where the yuan posted its biggest one-day decline against the dollar since 2008 on talk of a possible cut in banks' reserve requirements by the central bank - which could flood the market with renminbi and so dilute its value versus the dollar.
The gyrations follow the People's Bank of China's surprise November interest rate cut in response to a steady drumbeat of weak economic data.
Recent months have seen weaker-than-expected trade data, signs of looming deflation and a housing market - a major internal driver of growth - that has failed to pick up despite easing of administrative restrictions.
"More market volatility will be the new normal," said Zheng Weigang, head of investment at Shanghai Securities. But he added that regulators may not necessarily be pleased with the outcome.
"The recent sharp rally in the stock market indicates that money freed from the PBOC's recent rate cut has not flowed in to the real economy, and that is worrying regulators."
In the stock market, the Shanghai Composite Index started the day rising to a 3-1/2-year high, before collapsing in the afternoon to lose more than 5 percent, the biggest single-day percentage drop since 2009, as investors took profits in sectors such as banking and property.
CUT TO GROWTH TARGET?
China looks set to miss its growth target this year for the first time since 1999, and full-year growth is likely to be the weakest in 24 years.
Some influential advisers are recommending the country's leadership, which was meeting on Tuesday to map out economic and reform plans for next year, should cut 2015's economic growth target to 7 percent.
Turnover in Chinese shares has not only blown past domestic records but is also setting global volume records, according to Reuters analysis. That makes the market susceptible to a sharp fall.
Valuations in the brokerage sector, which has been one the biggest beneficiaries from the latest rally, are now hovering at lofty levels, with their price-to-earnings ratio fetching around twice of their historic mean.
"If you are sure the next two years are going to be a boom market then securities firms are OK, but the problem is you just don't know," said Jiahe Chen, chief strategist at Cinda Securities.
PROMISED REFORM
In currency markets, the spot yuan slid nearly half a percent to 6.2007 per dollar, accelerating a decline that began after the Nov. 21 rate cut.
However, the increase in volatility should not come as a surprise to investors as Beijing has repeatedly said it would allow greater freedom for the markets to decide on pricing.
"We have long believed that RMB volatility needs to rise and the recent price action is a clear sign of this," wrote HSBC economists in a research note.
In a key move towards liberalising the foreign exchange market, the PBOC earlier this year allowed the spot price to rise or fall by 2 percent away from the daily fix, up from 1 percent previously.
Traders have also noted state-owned banks have so far held off from behind-the-scenes intervention to prop up the yuan, a sign that the PBOC is actually following through on promises to reduce meddling in the market.
In the bond market, a benchmark corporate bond yield spiked more than 30 basis points and government bond future prices dropped more than 1 percent after regulators restricted the ability of low-rated issuers to raise short-term funds through bond-repurchase agreements.
The surge in yields prompted the China Development Bank and State Grid Corp of China, two major issuers of debt, to cancel their planned issuances.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex gets Shanghai blues; slips 322 pts | What happened @ ChinaYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex gets Shanghai blues; breaks below 28000, down 322 points
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 9, 2014, 03.53PM IST
Tags:
corporate bonds
(Sensex finally closed at…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged as much as 356 points in trade on Tuesday, after a sudden sell-off in Chinese markets led to a correction in other Asian markets, including India.
The Nifty slipped below its crucial psychological support level 8,350 and was trading at its November 20 lows. The S&P BSE Sensex also slipped below its crucial support level of 28000 in trade today, led by losses in ONGC, L&T, ITC and ICICI Bank.
Shanghai shares (SSE Composite index) posted their biggest one-day percentage fall in five years (since 2009), down 5.43 percent, or 163.99 points, at 2,856.27, on news that China's securities clearing house had tightened the use of corporate bonds as collateral for short-term financing.
The S&P BSE Sensex finally closed at 27,797.01; down 322.39 points or 1.15 per cent. It hit a low of 27,763.82 and a high of 28,157.53 in trade today.
The 50-share Nifty index ended at 8,340.70, down 97.55 points or 1.16 per cent. It hit a low of 8330.50 and a high of 8444.50 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index closed 1.57 per cent lower and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index declined 1.59 per cent.
Analysts' at top brokerage firms are of the view that there could be further weakness in global as well as domestic markets, but those dips should be used to go long or buy stocks at lower levels, because the broader trend still remains intact.
"The market had been waiting for a correction and there could be further dip as far as markets are concerned given whatever is happening in the global markets," says Nipun Mehta, Founder & CEO, Blue Ocean Capital Advisors.
"There are some concerns that are coming out of announcements maybe let's say in China or Europe to whatever extent that is there. So those kind of dips will come about but clearly, they will preset opportunities to buy," he adds.
Sesa Sterlite (5.1 per cent), Bharti Airtel (4.2 per cent), Tata Power (4.1 per cent), ONGC (4.4 per cent) and NTPC (3.5 per cent) were among the major Nifty losers.
Sun Pharma (up 1.4 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 1.19 per cent), HCL Technologies (up 0.08 per cent), TCS (up 0.08 per cent) and NMDC (up 0.07 per cent) were among the major Nifty gainers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Co-Founder Investworks.inDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Rich nations told inequality hurts growthIncome inequality damages growth, OECD warns
Chris Giles in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5ebce26-7ef2-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesco Shares Dive After Full-Year Profit WarningIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Mizoram Police arrest minor boy for raping 67-year-old relativeBy: Express News Service | Aizawl |
Posted: December 9, 2014 4:39 pm
Mizoram Police on Tuesday arrested a 16-year-old boy accused of raping his paternal grandmother’s sister several times over the past few weeks. The victim is 67-years-old, has weak eyesight and is slightly mentally unsound due to her age, police and neighbors said.
The alleged rapist and the victim both hail from the village of North East Khawdungsei in eastern Champhai district.
The juvenile offender is currently being held at the Ngopa police station and is scheduled to be taken to district headquarters Champhai, where the child protection office is located, on Wednesday, a police officer said.
According to neighbors and police, the boy would wait till the victim’s relatives left for the fields (it is currently harvest season) before entering the house to rape the woman.
This happened several times over the past two weeks. The woman told her relatives that someone she could not identify would enter the house, tie her up and gag her before raping while she was left alone at home.
Alarmed at her complaint, her relatives kept watch and finally caught the boy as he tied her up sometime last week. An FIR was filed by her son on Monday, police said.
A neighbor said the boy lives with his parents, who are bootleggers.

Guwahati-Dhaka bus trial run to be flagged off on WednesdayWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 9, 2014 7:12 pm
The trial run of the much-awaited Guwahati-Dhaka bus service will be flagged off from here tomorrow, with governments in both countries looking forward to make it a regular service in the days to come.
A 32-seater deluxe AC bus of the Assam State Transport Corporation will carry a 22-member joint delegation of both countries, with the bus covering about 500 kms in its maiden run that will also touch Shillong. The bus will pass through Shillong and proceed to Dawki on the international border, where the delegation will be transferred to another bus to proceed from Tamabil (Bangladesh) for a night halt at Sylhet. The bus will proceed to Dhaka on Thursday morning.
“Tomorrow’s will be a trial run as well as a joint survey during which officials from the government of India as well as the Bangladesh government will travel together and identify hurdles if any in order to make the bus service a regular feature in the future,” Bipulananda Pathak, joint commissione of transport, government of Assam, told The Indian Express here on Tuesday. W Blah, Superintending Engineer of the ministry of road transport and highways, will lead the Indian delegation.
The 22 officials who will comprise the joint survey team will have seven delegates from Dhaka, four each from the Assam and Meghalaya governments and seven from various ministries and departments of the central government. “Officials from the ministries of external affairs, home, transport and finance are also part of the Indian delegation,” Pathak said.
The “dry run” that will not have any regular passenger will also assess route conditions and other technical parameters. The trial run will conclude at Dhaka on the December 12 and officials of the two sides are expected to submit their reports on the details and feasibility of starting of the regular bus services within a few days.
Two passenger bus services – one between Kolkata and Dhaka and the other between Agartala and Dhaka – already operating between the two countries. Negotiations with Bangladesh for starting the bus services from Guwahati and Shillong have been underway for the past several months and have gathered momentum in the recent weeks.

Cadila Healthcare: Strong US  India growth prospectsCadila Healthcare: Strong US, India growth prospects
Ujjval Jauhari | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 09:35 PM IST
Cadila Healthcare continues working on drug innovations. It announced the launch of its first biosimilar of Adalimumab. The drug is used for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and other autoimmune disorders and will now be made available for patients in India by Cadila under the Exemptia brand.
While it's a significant achievement, Cadila will have to promote and develop the brand for it to become a significant contributor to sales.
For world markets, it will take some time to get the drug approved and launched. Analysts feel the company might look at an international partner.
The company also drew the Street's attention with the news of recall of 15,144 bottles of hypertensive drug amlodipine in the US. The stock that lost 1.7 per cent recovered and closed at Rs 1,576 levels (0.6 per cent down) on Tuesday. Drug recalls are a routine phenomenon in the US but any such news raises concerns of investors who have seen the ire of the US FDA on Ranbaxy, Wockhardt, etc.
Cadila remains on a strong wicket as its growth is being led by the US as well as the domestic segment. During the quarter ending September, US market sales (which contributed 36 per cent to top line) grew 68 per cent, driving overall revenues 22 per cent year-on-year. Adjusted for sales of products Dulcolax and Buscopan on the back of the discontinued tie-up with innovator, domestic revenues grew 14 per cent.
In the US, product approvals have picked up and should drive growth. The firm launched generics of anti-depressant Wellbutrin XL and urinary tract drug Potassium Citrate ER and gained good market share in the generics of epilepsy drug Depakote ER and cholesterol drug Niaspan. For the three months ending October, Cadila’s sales at $176 million grew 21 per cent year-on-year according to Nomura and IMS data. Sriram Rathi at Anand Rathi expects Cadila to report 15.3 per cent revenue and 25.5 per cent adjusted PAT CAGR over FY15-17. Growth would be chiefly driven by US generics, where the management expects new product approvals to rise to 15-20 each in FY15 and FY16.
Anand Rathi analysts expect domestic formulations to continue growing in the mid-teens or even higher, given the price hikes in the pipeline and new product launches. Hitesh Mahida at Antique Stock Broking believes margins will continue to improve, with consistent scale-up in its US business with ANDA launches.
He has raised FY16 earnings estimates by 10.3 per cent and the stock's target to Rs 1,742 (without factoring in Prevacid ODT and Lialda launches that can add $71 million to its FY16 estimated Ebitda). Consensus one-year target price for the stock stands at Rs 1,537.

Delhi rape case: NCP slams Nitin Gadkaris stand on Uber taxis  says shame onhimMumbai |
Posted: December 9, 2014 7:57 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:10 pm
NCP on Tuesday hit out at Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari for opposing the decision to ban the cab services of Uber across the country.
NCP spokesman Nawab Malik said Gadkari’s comment reflect as if he was a minister of the USA and not India.
In a tweet, Malik said, “Shame on you Mr Gadkari. Are you Transport Minister of India or USA? You are supporting Uber instead of standing by the victim.”
The government’s decision to stop the private taxi service by Uber across the country today evoked mixed reactions from political parties.
While a section, including Union Road Transport and Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari was not in favour of stopping the services of Uber, few MPs favoured action against the taxi service provider.
“New developments are taking place in the transport system through electronics. Banning the railways for train accidents, bus for bus accidents and taxis is not correct,” Gadkari said outside Parliament House in New Delhi.

http://usat.ly/1wvbFdcFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Now you can haggle on Amazon
Shoppers in some corners of Amazon can now haggle with sellers, turning parts of the world's biggest store into the world's largest bazaar. The online marketing giant announced its new "Make An Offer" functionality Tuesday.
Post to Facebook
Now you can haggle on Amazon Shoppers in some corners of Amazon can now haggle with sellers, turning parts of the world's biggest store into the world's largest bazaar. The online marketing giant announced its new "Make An Offer" functionality Tuesday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D1GSHM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Now you can haggle on Amazon
Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 6:19 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
The online retail giant is now permitting web buyers to negotiate prices on certain items. Mike Janela (@mikejanela) has the story. Video provided by Buzz60 Newslook
Amazon will now let certain buyers negotiate for deals.
(Photo: Emmanuel Dunand, AFP/Getty Images)
651 CONNECT 118 TWEET 30 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Shoppers in some corners of Amazon can now haggle with sellers, turning parts of the world's biggest store into the world's largest bazaar.
The online marketing giant officially announced its new "Make An Offer" functionality Tuesday.
The dickering button will only appear in storefronts in Amazon's Fine Art, Sport and Entertainment Collectibles and Coin markets. Sellers choose which items they want to open up for haggling.
This allows them to easily negotiate with their customers, said Peter Faricy, vice president of Amazon's Marketplace.
"These types of stores are already doing this in the physical world," he said.
The functionality is different from the auction model of eBay because instead of starting at a base price and going up, it starts at a base price and goes down.
Currently more than 150,000 items are available with the Make An Offer option.
A reprint of an illustration from John James Audbon's book "Birds of America." Printed in the Netherlands, the lithograph is valued at around $420.
(Photo: Donald Heald Rare books, prints and maps)
Only things priced over $100 are eligible. "We don't want people haggling over a $5 item," Faricy said.
It's by no means a slam dunk for the buyer. Only about a quarter of customer offers are accepted, Amazon has found in its early tests.
Still, "we've already seen it create sales for us," said Brent Holcomb, manager of Mill Creek Sports , a sports memorabilia store in Mill Creek, Wash. His store was a test site for the new functionality.
His Amazon storefront recently had a 1979 NY Yankee Team Autographed Baseball that was listed for $1,695. The customer offered $1,200. Holcomb countered and the baseball finally sold for $1,450.
"I'll look up my costs, see what's reasonable and then make a counter offer," he said.
So far he hasn't had anyone making "lowball" offers. He thinks it's going to drive a lot of sales because it allows his Amazon store to offer the same services that customers expect at his brick and mortar store.
"This is how our industry works. If you go to a national sports memorabilia convention, everyone is dickering. For some reason it  goes hand-in-hand with our items," he said.
Not all industries are like that. "You don't go into the Apple store and start dickering over the price of an iPad. But in our industry it's accepted so sometimes you build in a little wiggle room," Holcomb said.
Amazon is very clear that this new bargaining option is only for one-of-a-kind items. Don't expect to have to start negotiating every time you want to buy toothpaste or a new TV on the site, said Faricy.
With manufactured items "there's really a bottom for what people want to sell them for," Faricy said.
In fine arts, the ability to engage in a negotiation over price with customers is key, said Donald Heald, owner of Donald Heald Prints and Books in Manhattan.
The Make An Offer button levels the playing field for customers to a certain extent, he said.
Clients who come to his store have always engaged in discussions over price, but that wasn't really possible online without a lot of clunky emails back and forth.
Now he can do it in his online storefront .
"We might have something listed at $200 and someone would say 'Would you take $125?' and we have the flexibility within the program to say 'We can't do $125, but we could do $155.' You can have a dialog," he said.
His shop, which specializes in 18th and 19th century books, prints and lithographs, was another testbed. He's already sold about a dozen items. Some of the most successful have been prints by the famous American bird expert John James Audubon.
"What's exciting about this is that it extends the same courtesies that we can offer people who come into our shop to the general public," he said. "It's bringing our art to the attention of a great many more people."
Video Keywords Piper Jaffray New York City Wal-Mart Munster list price pole position Babe Ruth Macy's Wall Street Journal Google
Amazon's ramping up same-day delivery, testing bike couriers for one-hour drop offs. It also warned regulators it could shfit more drone testing abroad. Fred Katayama reports. Video provided by Reuters Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  Amazon wants to get packages in your hands even faster.
00:05  Whether it's using cutting edge drones or that nineteen sentry mode
00:08  of transport the bicycle. The online retailer warned regulators that you'll
00:13  do more of its drug testing abroad. Less is allowed to
00:16  do outdoor trials in the US. Amazon prime air service we
00:20  used rose to drop off packages in thirty minutes or less.
00:25  Amazon prime now by contrast aides to do that in one
00:29  hour and for that Wall Street Journal reports its testing. Pedal
00:32  power in New York City it's holding time trials with at
00:36  least. Three bike courier services. Amazon is stepping up same day
00:40  service because I was like Macy's Wal-Mart and Google are also
00:45  in the game. Amazon currently offers same day service in more
00:48  than a dozen US city. Piper Jaffray senior analyst gene Munster
00:53  said we believe the next competitive ground in commerce will be
00:56  centered on same day delivery. We were remain positive on shares
01:00  of Amazon based on the company's pole position in the secular
01:04  e-commerce growth thing. Amazon's shares fell in early trading separately. Amazon
01:10  failed him option game more than a decade ago against each
01:13  day but it's coming back with something similar. But make an
01:16  offer feature allows shoppers to. Privately negotiate for lower prices on
01:21  collectibles and fine art including this baseball signed by Yankee greats
01:26  Babe Ruth and Lou year. Now you wanna I wanna pay
01:29  that 55000. Dollar list price was yet. Go make your pitch.
651 CONNECT 118 TWEET 30 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1D1GSHM
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

http://usat.ly/1qpEepCFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Consumer Reports: 6 cars, SUVs that owners hate most
Consumer Reports magazine has named its three worst cars and crossover SUVs for owner satisfaction. And of the six, only one comes from a Detroit automaker. Among cars, the Nissan Sentra, Kia Rio and Nissan
Post to Facebook
Consumer Reports: 6 cars, SUVs that owners hate most Consumer Reports magazine has named its three worst cars and crossover SUVs for owner satisfaction. And of the six, only one comes from a Detroit automaker. Among cars, the Nissan Sentra, Kia Rio and Nissan Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D35m3C
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
110
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Consumer Reports: 6 cars, SUVs that owners hate most
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 8:15 a.m. EST December 9, 2014
Consumer Reports has named the Nissan Versa, shown here as the sedan, as the vehicle owners say they'd be least likely to buy again. Two other Nissans are also at the bottom. 
(Photo: Nissan, Wieck)
Kia Rio was another unpopular choice among owners, like this 2012 five-door. 
(Photo: Kia)
Nissan Sentra had only 47% of owners saying they would buy it again. Here's the 2014. 
(Photo: Nissan, Wieck)
Only 52% of Nissan Pathfinder owners say they'd buy it again. This is the 2013 model 
(Photo: Nissan, Wieck)
Jeep's Compass is the only vehicle from an American maker that makes the list of worst for owner satisfaction. This is a 2011 model 
(Photo: GEOFF ROBINS, AFP/Getty Images)
Barely half of owners say they'd buy another Hyundai Tucson in Consumer Reports' survey. This is a 2012. 
(Photo: Evan Sears, Cars.com)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

SBI launches first homegrown economic indicatorDec 09, 2014, 09.17 PM IST  | Source: PTI
SBI launches first homegrown economic indicator
The SBI Composite Index rivals the existing data point from British lender HSBC. The SBI index has been developed on the basis of the bank's internal loan portfolio, which mirrors the credit demand in the country, and other data sets available in public domain.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SBI launches first homegrown economic indicator
The SBI Composite Index rivals the existing data point from British lender HSBC. The SBI index has been developed on the basis of the bank's internal loan portfolio, which mirrors the credit demand in the country, and other data sets available in public domain.
Post your opinion here
 
The country now has another monthly economic index, with the State Bank today launching a tool that will primarily track manufacturing activity to offer a forward-looking economic trends.
The SBI Composite Index rivals the existing data point from British lender HSBC. The SBI index has been developed on the basis of the bank's internal loan portfolio, which mirrors the credit demand in the country, and other data sets available in public domain.
"The Index will analyse data from both manufacturing and services industries to determine expansion or contraction in the economy," SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya told reporters here while announcing the product.
The bank has created two indices - the SBI Monthly Composite Index and the SBI Yearly Composite Index. Both fulfil complementary purposes such as month-on-month sentiment movement and year-on-year growth forecast, respectively.
The index will also take into account other indicators of economic activities such as consumer spending, mining, interest rates, inflation and exchange rates on a monthly basis. The indices will be released every month post-RBI's credit growth numbers, she said, adding the data collection will not be outsourced as is the case with the HSBC data.
Markers at present depend on HSBC India Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) and HSBC India Services Business Activity Index to get clues about economic trends. The Index will help policymakers and market participants to identify turning points in the manufacturing cycles in advance and adjust their investment plans or strategy, Bhattacharya said, adding it will not pre-empt anything.
The SBI Index, to be published on a monthly basis, will track two months in advance the possible trends in official estimates.
"We are trying to do a sort of crystal ball gazing and see where we are going to be in the next two months," Bhattacharya said. The indices are on a scale of 0 to 100. Index above 50 implies growth over previous respective period and less than 50 will suggest a contraction over respective period.
Sample prediction for SBI Index during October 2006 to March 2013 is at 71 percent as against PMI at 49 percent.  Also, the out sample prediction during April 2013 to September 2014 is at 72 percent as against PMI at 50 percent. The Index foresees a stronger manufacturing recovery in December 2014.
SBI stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  11:09 hrs State Bank of India was quoting at Rs 297.50, up Rs 1.60, or 0.54 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2977.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 287.20.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 15.70 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 18.95. The latest book value of the company is Rs 158.43 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.88.
RELATED NEWS

Longtime Abercrombie & Fitch CEO RetiringIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Three cheers for  Chugthree cheers for  chug
Survey claims: Number of office parties dropsNumber of office parties drops, survey finds
John J. Kim, Chicago Tribune
John J. Kim, Chicago Tribune
Hoping for an office party? Less likely this year.
Survey also finds that instead of raises, some employers offer team-building exercises.
For many, the party's over.
Eighty-eight percent of companies are set to have an office party this year, compared with 96 percent in 2013 and 91 percent in 2012, according to an annual survey by executive search team Battalia Winston.
The dip in parties comes as businesses say they are "performing very well," according to the survey. In fact, more than 60 percent of respondents said their businesses were on track to grow and hire in 2015.
0
One reason for the decline might be the growing number of employees who work remotely. Fourteen percent of businesses said a remote workforce made holiday parties impossible, up from 5 percent last year.
Those employees attending a party will be surrounded by only their colleagues, but not to worry, drinks likely will be served. More than two-thirds of companies throwing a party said the guest list would be limited to employees and nearly three-fourths of companies will serve alcohol.
Hoping for a raise? Not this year. Only 14 percent of companies said they would pay raises. Instead, they will offer other incentives, such as flexible schedules or team-building exercises.
Ken Wisnefski, CEO of WebiMax, an Internet marketing firm, said not having a holiday party can hurt morale and productivity. Failing to consider morale, he said, could lead to higher employee turnover rates and more conflicts between employees.

Wall Street to slide at open on global demand concernsWall St. falls third session, led by tech, discretionaries
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange
BRENDAN MCDERMID,, REUTERS
8
Energy shares rebounded, keeping the S&P 500 and Dow mostly in positive territory until a bout of late-day selling took indexes lower. The S&P 500 moved more than 44 points from its high of the day to its low, while the CBOE Volatility index jumped 15.4 percent.
cComments
This article has scant reference to the biggest story on the international scene today, the free fall of the Russian Rouble now at 79 to the dollar, up from the 30s just a short time ago. BBC said today, "Russia's rouble went into free-fall in Tuesday trading, falling repeatedly to...
Kasha11
131
The Russian rouble hit new lows against the dollar following oil's extended selloff, before rebounding. Brent and U.S. crude oil's more than 50 percent drop since June have put global demand at the forefront of concerns for investors.
"The market is kind of in this push-pull. Traditionally, this time of year is a strong season. People buy stocks that have done well so you get this bump up," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta.
"But you've got the market being pulled back by the prices in oil continuing to fall and the ramifications associated with that."
Shares of Microsoft, down 3.2 percent at $45.16, and Amazon, down 3.6 percent at $295.06, were the biggest drags on the S&P 500, while energy shares gave the index its biggest boost. The energy index ended up 0.7 percent but is down about 16.6 percent for the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 111.97 points, or 0.65 percent, to 17,068.87, the S&P 500 lost 16.89 points, or 0.85 percent, to 1,972.74 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 57.32 points, or 1.24 percent, to 4,547.83.
Shares of PepsiCo, which had 7.4 percent of 2013 revenue from Russia, fell 1.6 percent to $92.59. Apple, down 1.4 percent at $106.75, confirmed it has taken down its online store in Russia due to extreme fluctuations in the rouble.
Chevron, up 0.8 percent at $101.70, helped lead the points advance in the energy sector. Chevron's forward price-to-earnings ratio was at 13.6 at the close on Monday, compared to the S&P 500's 16.1, meaning investors pay less for every dollar of Chevron's earnings than they do for the S&P 500 overall.
Among top percentage gainers, Nabors Industries, up 2.2 percent at $10.51, had a forward P/E of 8.6, while Denbury Resources' P/E was 8.9. Denbury rose 7.3 percent.
Early in the session, bets on the Federal Reserve's next move provided some support. Fed officials will decide this week whether to make a critical change to their policy statement that would widen the door for interest rate hikes next year. In October, The Fed repeated that benchmark rates were unlikely to rise for a "considerable time."
About 9.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, well above the 7.1 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.     Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE 1,790 to 1,288, for a 1.39-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,500 issues fell and 1,223 advanced for a 1.23-to-1 ratio.
(editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Nick Zieminski and Meredith Mazzilli)

Assocham asks cos to take steps to ensure women staff safetyAssocham asks cos to take steps to ensure women staff safety
SpiceJet crisis leaves fliers in the lurchSpiceJet crisis leaves fliers in the lurch
Antitrust regulator CCI clears Sun PharmaRanbaxy dealAntitrust regulator CCI clears Sun PharmaRanbaxy deal
Satyams Raju gets 6 months in jail fined Rs 10LSatyams Raju gets 6 months in jail fined Rs 10L
SBI launches first home-grown economic indicatorSBI launches first home-grown economic indicator
Uber drivers were not verified by copsUber drivers were not verified by cops
Targeting gross sales of Rs 2K cr by FY18-end: InsecticidesTargeting gross sales of Rs 2K cr by FY18-end: Insecticides
WTO rules for India in steel duty dispute with USWTO rules for India in steel duty dispute with US
Rupee moves down 5 paise at 61.88 against dollarRupee moves down 5 paise at 61.88 against dollar
Panel may submit report on Insurance Bill on Dec 10Panel may submit report on Insurance Bill on Dec 10
India s steel consumption grows by 1.3% in Apr-NovDec 09, 2014, 08.26 PM IST  | Source: PTI
India's steel consumption grows by 1.3% in Apr-Nov
India's steel consumption grew by a moderate 1.3 per cent to 48.62 million tonnes during the April-November period of current fiscal on lingering effect of the economic slowdown and slow growth in production.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India's steel consumption grows by 1.3% in Apr-Nov
India's steel consumption grew by a moderate 1.3 per cent to 48.62 million tonnes during the April-November period of current fiscal on lingering effect of the economic slowdown and slow growth in production.
Post your opinion here
 
India's steel consumption grew by a moderate 1.3 per cent to 48.62 million tonnes during the April-November period of current fiscal on lingering effect of the economic slowdown and slow growth in production.
The country, the world's fourth largest steel producer, had consumed 48 MT steel in the corresponding period of the last fiscal, Joint Plant Committee (JPC), a unit under Steel Ministry, said today.
"The slow growth numbers appear to reflect the lingering effect of the economic slowdown and is further depressed by the slow growth in production for sale in April-November, 2014 as compared to the same period of last year," it said in a note sent to the Ministry.
Domestic real consumption of steel in November 2014 at 5.488 MT was down by 9 per cent compared to October. Year-on-year, it increased by 8 per cent, it said.
Production of crude steel during April-November period of the current fiscal was higher by 2.5 per cent at 55.29 MT to which main producers SAIL , RINL, Tata Steel , Essar,  JSW and &  JSPL together contributed 29.769 MT. The rest produced 25.52 MT during the period.
The production in November at 6.81 MT was higher by 3.5 per cent over the same month last year.
Export of total finished steel was down by 5.3 per cent during the first eight months of the current fiscal at 3.5 MT over the same period last year.
Imports, however, zoomed to 5.5 MT, a 49 per cent growth during the April-November period. "India remained a net importer of total finished steel in April-November, 2014," JPC said.
SAIL stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  11:10 hrs Steel Authority of India was quoting at Rs 77.35, up Rs 0.10, or 0.13 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 112.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 54.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 5.24 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 14.76. The latest book value of the company is Rs 103.30 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.75.
RELATED NEWS

Axis Bank offers 20-year fixed home loan rate of 10.4%Dec 09, 2014, 08.17 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Axis Bank offers 20-year fixed home loan rate of 10.4%
Axis Bank today launched a 20-year home loan scheme at a fixed rate of 10.40 per cent for loans of up to Rs 50 lakh.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Axis Bank offers 20-year fixed home loan rate of 10.4%
Axis Bank today launched a 20-year home loan scheme at a fixed rate of 10.40 per cent for loans of up to Rs 50 lakh.
Post your opinion here
 
Axis Bank  today launched a 20-year home loan scheme at a fixed rate of 10.40 per cent for loans of up to Rs 50 lakh.
The limited period offer is only for affordable housing segment for loan size of up to Rs 50 lakh. The new offer is 25 bps, or 0.25 per cent, above its base rate (below which it cannot lend), currently pegged at 10.15 per cent.
Axis Bank President for Retail Lending Jairam Sridharan told PTI that "it is a question of principles, whether to bear the interest rate risks as an institution or pass it on to the customer. We felt we should give the customer a choice."
The bank customers can also switch from fixed to a floating interest rate plan by paying a fee or go for a foreclosure at fee of 2 per cent of the outstanding principal amount, he said.
Asked about the Reserve Bank abolishing pre-payment fees for mortgage loans, Sridharan said the RBI rule is applicable only for floating rate products and not fixed rate loans.
On the efficacy of the product, especially in a scenario where interest levels are expected to drop, he cited historical data about swings in rates over the past decade, and said over a longer-term of more than six months, no one knows how the rates will move.
The move indicates a softening interest rate regime, though the RBI has not cut rates in the past 15 months. However, there had been a 60-70 bps fall in call money market rates since July and bonds are trading below the repo rate of 8 per cent.
Sridharan cited his bank's experience with a similar product launched in November 2011 at 11.75 per cent, which had a good pick-up for the first couple of quarters in spite of the then prevailing mood of a downwardly movement in rates.
The bank on December 4 raised Rs 5,705 crore through an infrastructure bond sale at 8.85 per cent, taking advantage of the opportunity presented by RBI to lenders for raising long-term resources for catering to affordable housing and infrastructure segments.
Sridharan said the bank's home loan book was at Rs 48,000 crore as of September this year. The maximum property value allowed to avail loans under the product will be Rs 65 lakh in metros and Rs 50 lakh in non-metros, the bank said.
Also Read: Axis Bank cuts deposit rates
In cases where the property price exceeds the caps, the bank will lend at a fixed interest rate of 11.75 per cent for up to 20 years. The private lender's retail growth has been at a healthy 27 per cent in the first half of the current fiscal, he said.
Axis Bank stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  11:10 hrs Axis Bank was quoting at Rs 477.25, up Rs 5.45, or 1.16 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 506.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 216.68.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 28.46 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.77. The latest book value of the company is Rs 161.80 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.95.
RELATED NEWS

S&P  Dow End at Record Highs as Global Worries Eases&p  dow end at record highs as global worries ease
Tools to be an E-entrepreneurTools to be an E-entrepreneur
Rahul Narvekar
Tweet
Will power and tactical business sense come first
In just a few years, the Internet will be flooded with online market places and you don’t want your business to be left behind. It is imperative to know about electronic commerce and lining up your business.
E-commerce is making it possible for entrepreneurs to reach the market and customers without leaving their homes. Without the need of physical presence, even the smallest online retailer could be as efficient as the giants.
What does it take to go online?
To become an online entrepreneur, you need will power and tactical business sense. Someone operating a fashion e-commerce company needn’t be a techie, or done a course in fashion design. The ability to drive a team, work for long hours, achieve work-life balance and being proactive present the biggest challenges to run an e-commerce company.
Speed, service and scale
An online retail business is dynamic and one needs to be able to anticipate where the market is heading. The best way would be to strategise appropriately to drive your business according to the market trend. The e-tailers in India’s current landscape, who could pivot and scale fast are the market leaders. From inventory-led models to marketplaces to curated niche plays, teams that foresaw and adapted trends have taken leadership positions.
This is the essence of being an e-commerce entrepreneur.
There are two qualities that help entrepreneurs overcome the challenges of starting a business. It’s much like opening a physical store; setting up shop online takes zeal and requires high levels of optimism. Moving a business online doesn't have to be a strenuous process though.
What do you need to get an e-commerce business going?
A brand name. Make sure to choose a brand name the customers can identify with your product category.
A Unique Selling Proposition (USP): Why should buyers land on your website?
There should be a good reason for a customer to choose you over your competitors. Take the road that appeals to you, and tweak it as you go along. A website: A website can either turn customers away or make them stick. Never design a site that is not intuitive, making it tedious to navigate. Also, in technical terms, a page should not take more than 5 seconds to open the page for a specific product. Always add hi-res images and good product descriptions for a good start to your business. Insufficient payment options may result in customers leaving empty-handed despite being on the brink of purchase!
Selection of products
It depends on what you sell. You can sell virtually anything online, in keeping with the one-day deadline. Nevertheless, if you’ve got a unique idea, you are ahead of the game.
Collection of payments
For the seller, the minute when money changes hands is critical.
Offline retailers charge customers using a point of sale (POS) terminal, while online stores use a payment gateway. Checkout is a crucial aspect of any business project.
Ability to deliver the goods
For virtual stores, it is a challenging task to deliver products to customers on time. You can use courier companies for logistics and product delivery. There are specialist logistics companies that even offer cash-on-delivery, which is the most desirable option for Indians.
If you have done all of the above, you should start attracting some traffic on your . Just follow these basic steps to gain stability and make excellent profits.
The idea is not to come up with an ideal e-commerce set-up; the objective is to rid you of your paralysis.
Moreover, once you run it for a little time, you can discover things, learn your lessons and wipe the slate clean if needed. Start generating small revenue and continue tweaking various aspects of your e-business to turn your baby steps into successful giant strides!
The writer is CEO, Indianroots.com
(This article was published on November 25, 2014)
Related

Skilled workforce will be the key to Make in IndiaSkilled workforce will be the key to ‘Make in India’
Sachin Adhikari
Tweet
Building talent: One main resource that can help realise ‘Make in India’ is a pool of highly skilled people. - RV MOORTHY
A study of 60, 000 Indian graduates found that 47% are unemployable in any sector of the knowledge economy
Of all the announcements made by the Modi government, his ‘Make in India’ programme garnered most attention. India’s manufacturing sector has tremendous potential for growth; with over 800 million below the age of 35 or less and the need for 700 million skilled workers by 2022. This is a huge competitive advantage that can genuinely turn the country into a manufacturing powerhouse.
Unfortunately, the manufacturing sector only accounts for 15 per cent of the GDP at present and to change that, the government is working on curbing red-tapism, making legal compliance easier and transparent and amending regulations to make them more investor friendly.
But the one thing that is needed immediately is skilled workforce. One main resource that can help achieve the ‘Make in India’ dream is a pool of highly skilled people.
A recent study conducted by AMCAT (Aspiring Minds Computer Adaptive Test) on more than 60,000 graduates from colleges across India found that 47 per cent are not employable in any sector of the knowledge economy. It was observed that it was a lack of employability skills that rendered them ill-equipped for jobs. The Confederation of Indian Industry and the India Skills Report are calling this gap the ‘Great Indian Talent Conundrum’, which could turn our demographic dividend into a demographic disaster.
The World Economic Forum highlighted the challenges pertaining to this skill gap, offering tips on overcoming them. For instance, an individual fails to understand the value of being skilled as he does not perceive skill enhancement as a value-addition towards his profession.
This is because there is no established link that a particular enhanced skill could actually provide a dignified livelihood. Therefore, a system where enhancement of a skill also reflects as a higher return on investment is needed.
Dividing the workforce
From an organisational point of view, a big concern is high attrition, despite heavy investment into skill enhancement. But in due time, as trained personnel increase, it will lead to cost saving. Moreover, quality always wins over quantity, in the long run, especially in knowledge-driven economies.
As discussed at the forum, the workforce can be divided on the basis of skills required into candidates who need basic training, those who need to upgrade their skills, and those who need to be trained to match international standards.
Basic training: The key to success here will lie in mobilising candidates and being able to deliver. Training facilities should be accessible across the country. Maintaining trainers who can in turn prepare more trainers in the subsequent years is important.
Government would need to step in both by providing funds and incentives to encourage organisations to welcome training and trained candidates into their workforce.
This can especially help small and medium firms to include a compulsory training programme. The government can also consider providing infrastructure support by using venues like schools after their working hours to be used as training centres.
Huge numbers of youth, who may be without formal college education, can train in vocational skills that can help get them employment.
Skill up gradation: This has a dual objective, one being standardisation so that quality and aptitude of the existing workforce can be assessed. This can enable companies to judge the quality of their manpower directly and in turn pay more for skilled labour. Besides, the certification process could play an important inspirational role for the workforce.
Training for this group should emphasise on soft skills that can enhance performance in their existing jobs.
World-class skills: If India wants to be a manpower supplier to the world, it will require world-class training facilities that can train manpower to match standards in recipient countries.
Given that these candidates are already technically skilled, the agenda is to have training metaphors that can motivate them to give their best in whatever they do and also instill leadership qualities in them. Transformational training is the best form of training focusing on motivation and developing traits which can give a positive outlook to candidates. For all three kinds of training, there are some common pointers.
Firstly, India must have a robust accreditation system. A quality check on the training imparted should be outsourced to independent agencies where the trainer is not a participant in the audit mechanism. Plus the training should be standardised and easily replicable.
Secondly, the government or its agencies can make it mandatory for companies to hire only certified manpower.
Also, these certifications should be standardised only by industry leaders and experts. . If these guidelines are followed and the skilling is delegated in a structured manner, it is not difficult for India to emerge as a nation of skilled workers. It needs to be understood that people are the only sustainable, long-term source of competitive advantage - for providers as well as buyers.
The writer is a Transformational Training Designer and chief mentor, Viztar International
(This article was published on November 25, 2014)
Related

SHANNON STAPLETON / Reutersshannon stapleton / reuters
Anand Mahindra is helping M&M scale up businessStory
Full throttle
Under Anand Mahindra's leadership, M&M is scaling up its existing businesses and also betting big on new ones.
Sunny Sen      Follow @SunnySen    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
Anand G Mahindra, chairman and managing director, Mahindra & Mahindra | BEST CEO: Very Large Companies and Auto & Ancillaries (Large Companies)(Photo: Rachit Goswami)
The year was 2007. Ford was struggling to avoid bankruptcy. It had decided to sell its international assets including Aston Martin, Volvo, and Jaguar and Land Rover. Aston Martin was picked up by a consortium of private equity firms while Chinese automaker Geely bought Volvo.
About Anand Mahindra
In the race to buy Jaguar-Land Rover (JLR) were the Ratan Tata-led Tata Motors and the Anand Mahindra-led Mahindra & Mahindra. In the first round of bidding M&M was leading but then it pulled out, allowing Tata Motors to buy the iconic British brands.
Seven years later, Tata Motors' India unit is struggling. The company's fortunes are sustained by JLR , which made more profits ($2.9 billion) in 2013/14 than what Tata spent to acquire the company ($2.3 billion).
Does Mahindra regret not having gone ahead with the bid? "What became clear to us was if there was a downturn in the market, given the scale of the business, we would not have the wherewithal to withstand it," says Mahindra, who had called a friend in Ford at the time to ask if he was doing the right thing by stepping back. The friend concurred. "Anand, if there is a downturn you will lose your entire group," he warned him.
Indeed, days after the JLR deal, the economic meltdown set in and sales of the company fell sharply, causing huge losses. The poor performance of JLR weighed on Tata Motors, which survived thanks to its deep pockets. Mahindra's decision to withdraw, then, may have saved M&M from being dealt a massive body blow.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best CEOs 2014
LONG-TERM VISION
M&M has grown steadily, expanding into new businesses. In the past three years, M&M's total income grew at an annual rate of 19 per cent to Rs 41,226 crore, while net profit and market capitalisation rose 13 per cent annually to Rs 3,756 crore and Rs 55,956 crore, respectively.
M&M's shares have more than doubled since January 2012
M&M is one of the largest vehicle manufacturers in India and the largest seller of tractors globally. The newer areas that the flagship M&M is venturing into is part of Mahindra's vision of taking the company to the next level. Over the years Mahindra looked at niche segments - except tractors - to build businesses. Recently, M&M has entered into defence and renewable energy sectors.
M&M's top and bottom lines have improved too
M&M was founded in 1945 by K.C. Mahindra, J.C. Mahindra and Ghulam Mohammed, under the name Mahindra & Mohammed. Mohammed in 1947 migrated to Pakistan to become its first finance minister. The company name changed to M&M. A steel trading company then, it started selling Willys Jeeps in India, the group's first brush with autos. Anand Mahindra is J.C. Mahindra's grandson.
Mahindra joined the group in 1981 as executive assistant to the Director of Finance in Mahindra Ugine after finishing his MBA from Harvard. It was a different India. Businesses were governed by the licence raj, where the government would select five to six companies to make or sell in any segment.
Mahindra Ugine, headed by Mahindra's father Harsh, was one of the six players which had licence to make specialised steel products for electric arc furnaces. "It was a cosy market, and nobody cared that I had joined," says Mahindra. But suddenly, in 1981, the government, for reasons Mahindra doesn't know, gave licences to 36 players to make electric arcs. As a result there was excess competition, something which Indian business houses were not used to. Prices plunged and there was surplus capacity in the sector.
Ugine didn't cut price and sales plummeted and the company posted its first loss. It was time for Mahindra to stand up and be counted. "When all hell broke loose, it was an opportunity for somebody new," he says. He turned around the company gradually by selling inventory and squeezing the supply chain.
He never looked back after that. In 1991, he became the Deputy Managing Director of M&M, then a maker of off-road and agriculture vehicles. The company's chairman was Keshub Mahindra, Anand's uncle and K.C. Mahindra's son.
"Anand created the war rooms. As a sector head, you need to come and tell what your strategy is, like a general"
VS PARTHASARATHY
CFO and CIO, M&M
After liberalisation, between 1991 and 1994, there were rumours of M&M businesses winding up. No one thought that Indian automakers would survive with companies like Ford, Daewoo and General Motors coming to India. "Rumours of our demise would be circulated every year," says Mahindra. "That's the wrong thing to tell me. It makes me determined to prove sceptics wrong."
That was also the time when Ford was looking for a partner in India. M&M had never made hard-top vehicles, so it grabbed the opportunity. A joint venture was formed with Ford but the car it launched failed to make an impact. But the 300-odd engineers at the venture had learnt making hard tops. The same team, headed by Pawan Goenka, made the Scorpio at a project cost of Rs 600 crore, the maximum M&M had ever invested in any project. Soon Scorpio became one of India's highest selling SUVs and M&M the biggest seller of utility vehicles.
AGAINST ALL ODDS
The other nominees: Very large companies
In the late 1990s, a consultancy firm (Mahindra doesn't want to name it) advised him to focus on tractors, where the company had global scale. But his gut feeling was that India had many more opportunities. He remembers how management thinker C.K. Prahalad came and taught a much younger Mahindra and Adi Godrej "to stick to our knitting". Mahindra was intrigued that the world did not believe emerging countries like India could have diversified conglomerates. Around the same time Harvard professors Tarun Khanna and Krishna Palepu wrote an article on the need for conglomerates to diversify in emerging markets.
Mahindra then decided to create a structure that will allow the group to be in multiple sectors. The businesses were divided into strategic units. "Earlier, there was no CEO for every unit," says V.S. Parthasarathy, M&M's CFO and Chief Information Officer. "Anand created the war rooms. As a sector head, you need to come and tell what your strategy is, like a general."
Mahindra focused on having independent presidents who would focus on their line of business. "Overnight I redrew the organisation chart and kicked myself upstairs," he says. Now, M&M has multiple lines of businesses - auto, technology, hospitality, retail, defence and aerospace, and steel - run by autonomous presidents. "These six new sub-entrepreneurs have made significant gains in their own wealth because they share the business," he says.
Mahindra's approach is "segmented strategy". He looks for niches. It's a contrast to the business strategies followed by some leading business houses in India. He cites the example of Reliance Industries - the company wants to dominate competition with its size. This is not Mahindra's strategy. Also, there is a central pool of money that can be used in different businesses. In the Mahindra Group, each company has its own balance sheet and its own cash flow to fund growth.
MAHINDRA'S LEGACY
Mahindra's new bets are defence, retail, aerospace and renewable energy. "We increasingly want to be in B2C (business to consumer) businesses, because it's my belief the biggest legacy you can leave behind is a brand. If you leave behind a solid umbrella brand, there is nothing better than bequeathing that to future generations and managers," says Mahindra.
The other nominees: Auto and Ancillaries (Large companies)
Mahindra says he is not worried about the health of the new businesses. "It is like dÃ©jÃ -vu for me. There were similar concerns then about each business we had started then, and all of them took longer to turn around than some of the businesses now," he says.
It took Mahindra 10 years to develop Club Mahindra. HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh had his reservations about Mahindra venturing into hospitality but he believed the sector had potential. The business, which started with Rs 30 crore, had touched $1 billion in value by 2007.
Indeed, Mahindra has not lost conviction in any of the businesses he has entered. When he entered the two-wheeler business, with the launch of the bike Stallio in 2010, everyone told him the two-wheeler market will take a hit because the Nano, the world's cheapest car, was being launched.
When he launched scooters, he was told not to enter that business because the scooter market was shrinking. But for the past couple of years scooter has been the fastest-growing two-wheeler business. But Mahindra's two-wheeler business is yet to take off. It had started as a joint venture with Kinetic Motors. That may have been a mistake. "One can look back and say we should not have launched with Kinetic. Perhaps it would have been better to wait for a couple of years and do our own R&D ," he says.
To execute plans, Mahindra has devised three "war rooms". The operations war room looks at the half-year performance of the company. Then there is the strategy war room where business teams sit together and debate strategy. The budget war room looks at the implementation of the strategy. Mahindra himself chairs all the war rooms, says S.P. Shukla, President of Group Strategy, Defence Sector, and Chief Brand Officer at M&M. "Anand dares to dream. As a chairman it is very important to do something beyond the day-to-day activity," says Shukla.
Over the past seven years, M&M has made some 50 acquisitions worth $5 billion. The most prominent ones include Satyam Computer and South Korean auto maker Ssangyong. He has turned around both companies.
Is M&M a reflection of the leader himself? "To any extent anything we do in the company is a reflection of me and I am a reflection of what the company is," says Mahindra. But he is not an autocrat. He says he will never take a decision if the business president is not convinced about the idea.
Mahindra tries not to be a workaholic, though his wife, Anuradha, doesn't agree. "My wife argues I am coming home to work (thanks to technology)," he says, pointing at his two mobile phones. But he does make a point to spend his weekends at his home in Alibaugh. "For me the ocean is a phenomenal comforting kind of presence. It makes you think long term because you see the tide coming and going, and whatever was there on the beach is washed away by the last tide. It's like visual meditation," he says.
There is a lot that still needs to be fixed, and businesses need to scale up. He wants to create a banyan tree with many roots anchored to the ground. There are only a few things he regrets, and not buying JLR is definitely not one of them. But his legacy is not complete yet - he is still in the process of shaping the Mahindra Group.

Blackout of Bulls  Blackhawks looms for Dish customersBlackout of Bulls, Blackhawks for 342,000 Dish subscribers looming
Dish Network
Hey sports fans: There's no guarantee Dish will carry Bulls, Blackhawks starting next week.
Analyst says Dish is “done” with regional sports networks.
When the Chicago Bulls host the Dallas Mavericks on Tuesday night, speculation will run rampant over how much injury-plagued superstar Derrick Rose will play.
Hundreds of thousands of Chicago-area Dish Network subscribers may have a bigger question: Where is the game?
Comcast SportsNet Chicago, which is carrying the game, is perhaps days from being blacked out by the satellite provider in a dispute over license fees. The current agreement expires Monday and Dish Network is balking at an increase demanded by CSN.
At stake is CSN Chicago's slate of Bulls, Blackhawks, White Sox and Cubs games and its other sports programming, a local fan staple for 10 years. Dish has more than 342,000 subscribers in the Chicago area who would be affected by such a blackout, according to media research firm SNL Kagan.
The dispute also involves CSN Mid-Atlantic (Washington and Baltimore area), CSN Bay Area (San Francisco-Oakland) and CSN California (Northern California and parts of Oregon and Nevada), all of which may be dropped by Dish next week.
The two sides appear to be at an impasse, with increasingly divergent positions being argued through the media as Monday's deadline for a deal approaches. CSN started an on-air campaign last week warning viewers of the looming blackout to enlist their support in negotiations with Dish. Tens of thousands of customers have expressed concern, according to executives.
Colorado-based Dish, which has 14 million satellite subscribers and a history of playing hardball with regional sports networks, seems unfazed by potential fan backlash.
@ChrisHinesTavolacci You just need a taller dish on your trailer...............
rodp236
9
"Comcast SportsNet is demanding a 40 percent price increase for more than 90 percent of Dish customers in each of the affected markets, when only a small fraction of those consumers actually watch the channels," Dish said in a statement.
Sources familiar with the negotiations say NBCUniversal, which operates the regional sports networks after being acquired by Comcast last year, may be seeking closer to a 10 percent increase across the four markets.
"We are seeking to license our regional sports networks to Dish on the same terms that other distributors have accepted for this programming," NBCUniversal said in a statement. "Our rates are reflective of the very high value of this programming, a value that is recognized by consumers through the increased ratings for these (regional sports networks)."
Launched in 2004, CSN Chicago is a partnership among Comcast and the Bulls, Blackhawks, White Sox and Cubs. Comcast owns about 30 percent of the sports network, the teams control the rest. CSN Chicago has never been blacked out by a cable satellite provider.
Most of CSN Chicago's revenue comes from fees paid by cable and satellite providers including Comcast, RCN Cable, DirecTV and Dish Network. Advertising provides a secondary revenue stream.
Sports networks have traditionally garnered the highest license fees among cable networks. Live game broadcasts are perhaps the only DVR-proof programming, making sports content extremely valuable, according to industry analysts. ESPN tops all cable networks in affiliate revenue, getting average monthly fees of $6.04 per subscriber, according to SNL Kagan, with Turner Broadcasting's TNT, whose programming includes the NBA, a distant second at $1.44 per subscriber.
Regional sports networks also skew higher in affiliate revenue. CSN Chicago gets average monthly fees of $3.25 per subscriber, which ranks 11th among regional sports networks, according to SNL Kagan. CSN Mid-Atlantic ranks second at $4.60 per subscriber, while CSN Bay Area is fifth at $3.53 per subscriber.
There are signs that cable sports subscribers fees may be peaking. SportsNet LA, a regional sports network launched this year by Time Warner Cable and the Los Angeles Dodgers, was blacked out to nearly two-thirds of local viewers for the entire baseball season because other cable and satellite providers refused to pay a higher premium.
SportsNet LA gets an average monthly fee of $4.00 per subscriber, according to SNL Kagan.
Dish is the third-largest pay-TV provider in the U.S. behind Comcast and DirecTV. Comcast has more than 22 million subscribers, according to SNL Kagan.
Dish has been embroiled in several high-profile carriage disputes recently, dropping Turner Broadcasting's CNN and Turner Classic Movies in October, and threatening to black out TBS and TNT before reaching a short-term agreement last week to restore all of the channels while negotiations continued.
Dish avoided a similar blackout of CBS-owned stations with a short-term extension last week. On Tuesday, CBS issued a statement saying "a short-term extension into next week has been granted while negotiations continue."
Positioned as a value-priced service, Dish has shown a willingness to hold the line on cable network license fees, especially when dealing with regional sports networks. In August, Dish dropped CSN New England completely after a series of extensions failed to resolve a carriage dispute.
In 2010, Dish dropped the MSG Network from its lineup when no deal was reached after the expiration of their carriage agreement. MSG remains dark and Dish doesn't carry any of the four regional sports networks in New York.
"They've always been kind of the low-price multichannel service and I just think they believe there's a market there for packages that don't have the regional sports networks," said Derek Baine, a senior media analyst with SNL Kagan.
Baine said history suggests any blackout of CSN Chicago by Dish could be more than a temporary inconvenience for local sports fans.
"They've dropped quite a few (regional sports networks)," Baine said. "It's not a negotiating strategy. They're done with them."

Monthly job gains largest in three years; wages riseJobless claims fall; continuing claims up
US Adds 321k Jobs, Jobless Rate Stays 5.8 Pct.
U.S. employers hired at the strongest pace in nearly three years in November, adding 321,000 jobs, the latest sign the United States is outperforming other major economies by growing steadily and generating consistently healthy job gains. (Dec. 5)
U.S. employers hired at the strongest pace in nearly three years in November, adding 321,000 jobs, the latest sign the United States is outperforming other major economies by growing steadily and generating consistently healthy job gains. (Dec. 5)
Reuters
November marked the 10th straight month that job growth has exceeded 200,000
There are signs the strengthening labor market conditions are starting to spur faster wage growth
Unemployment rate holds steady at a 6-year low of 5.8 percent
The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell last week, pointing to a strengthening labor market.
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits slipped by 3,000 to a seasonally adjusted 294,000 for the week ended Dec. 6, the Labor Department said on Thursday. The prior week's data was unrevised.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast claims falling to 295,000 last week.
More than 200 employees of Banco Popular in Rosemont will lose their jobs at the end of the year as the bank closes its back-office operations after selling its branches to First Midwest Bancorp earlier this year. ( Ameet Sachdev )
The four-week moving average of claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, ticked up by 250 to 299,250, holding below the 300,000 mark for the 13th straight month.
A Labor Department analyst said there were no special factors influencing last week's claims data. There is little doubt that the labor market is gathering steam.
Job gains in November were the largest in nearly three years and marked the 10th straight month of increases above 200,000, the longest such stretch since 1994.
The claims report showed the number of people still receiving benefits after an initial week of aid increased by 142,000 to 2.51 million in the week ended Nov. 29.

3 Reasons You Shouldn t Get Too Excited About The Jobs Report3 Reasons You Shouldn't Get Too Excited About The Jobs Report
Posted:
reddit
Today’s jobs report was great, but the U.S. labor market still has a long way to go before it’s back to pre-recession health. Which means it’s far too soon for the Federal Reserve to start trying to slow things down.
The U.S. economy added 321,000 jobs in November, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported on Friday, way past the 230,000 jobs economists expected. November was the best month for job growth since January 2012, and this year has been the best year for job growth since 1999. We are on a record streak of 50 months of unbroken job gains.
That’s all great, but here are three important points to consider before you get carried away by bolded, caps-lock headlines and exclamation marks. Janet Yellen and the Fed have been debating whether the labor market is as tight as suggested by the unemployment rate -- 5.8 percent, the lowest in more than six years. If it is, then the Fed might have to start raising interest rates to cool the economy down sooner rather than later. Today's report is another good indication that the job market is still not strong enough for the Fed to start raising rates, even if that’s what the bond market seems to think.
1) One great month is still just one great month. As big as that 321,000 number is, it’s a bump in the steady trajectory of what has been an amazingly consistent, but not quite good enough or fast enough, jobs recovery. This chart of the year-over-year change in jobs, by Bloomberg’s Matthew Boes , shows why America doesn’t just need one month like November. We need many more months like it.
2) Wages, wages, wages. They were up 2.1 percent in November compared to last year. Exciting! And definitely a good thing. But not enough of a good thing. The key, as Equitable Growth’s Nick Bunker highlights in the chart below, is context. Wage growth is stalled well below the Fed’s 3.5 to 4 percent target .
When it comes to pay rising significantly faster than inflation, it really hasn’t been America’s day, week, month, or even year (s). If we get more months with big job growth, big wage growth becomes more likely. But as any worker knows, hopeful signs for future pay raises aren’t the same as a bigger paycheck this week.
3) There are fewer Americans on the labor market’s fringes, but still far more than is healthy. Below, you can see a chart, courtesy of Quartz’s Matt Phillips , of the falling number of Americans who are working part-time jobs because they can’t find full-time employment. The decline is great, but there are still about 2 million more Americans working part-time when they want full-time work than before the recession.
Here’s another way to look at the same story. The chart below is a broader definition of unemployment (called U-6), minus the better-known unemployment rate (called U-3). What you are left with is a group of people who either: a) aren’t looking for a job because they don't think they will find one; b) have looked for a job in the past year but not recently; or c) are part-time workers who can't find full-time work.
This group represents all the workers who are ready to be put to better work. It’s a measure of what economists call “slack” in the labor market. There’s still a lot of it, and way more than before the recession.
The labor market is like late-70s fashion: Still far too much fringe.
America is making progress in undoing the damage of the recession, but not enough yet. And certainly not enough for the Fed to start raising interest rates.
More:

Not just a white girlTweet
Method actor: In Margarita, with a Straw, Kalki Koechlin plays a young woman with cerebral palsy
Kalki Koechlin proves time and again that she knows how to break stereotypes, as she does yet again in Margarita, with a Straw
Seated bang in the middle of the theatre, actress Kalki Koechlin was a bundle of nerves as her movie Margarita, with a Straw premiered at the Toronto Film Festival in September. The unusual choice of seat (typically the cast sits in the front) gave her full access to the faintest of reactions, murmurs and spot reviews from the audience. Many in the audience were people with cerebral palsy, and their reaction mattered most to Koechlin. In the movie, she plays Laila, a teenage girl grappling with the same disability. Once the lights came back on, Koechlin’s convincing performance had many fooled. “Those who didn’t know me were surprised that I didn’t really have cerebral palsy (CP). Only one guy came up to me and said, ‘I would have totally believed it, except that you had muscles, which a person with CP can’t have.’ I thought, ‘Damn! A little miss from the costume department,’” she says with a laugh.
It’s a slip you might be willing to forgive. It took Koechlin six months to prepare for the part. Last week, she even bagged the best actress award at the Black Nights Festival in Tallinn, Estonia, in recognition of her efforts.
A considerable amount of prep time was spent with director Shonali Bose’s cousin, Malini Chib, the inspiration behind the character of Laila. Chib is a disability rights activist and the author of One Little Finger, in which she documents her life with CP. “I slowly got more and more involved in her life. Once we spent the whole day together in wheelchairs. She had donated her old one to me. I remember her telling me, ‘At the end of your day, you can just get up from your wheelchair and walk, but I can’t,’” says Koechlin.
The remark hit home hard. “Malini has a double MA, she’s gone to Oxford and written a book. But still, in a conversation she can’t come up with a quick answer. She’s thinking it, but it takes time to communicate. By that point the joke has gone. That’s the frustration I wanted to capture,” says Koechlin. Chib has a more severe form of CP compared to what Laila’s character has in the film. The filmmakers took that creative call because they wanted the audience to comprehend everything the character was saying. Koechlin had intensive sessions with Chib’s speech therapist and physiotherapist to learn the mannerisms, speech and shortness of breath. “We tried so many things like putting marbles in my mouth. When I had to get my wisdom teeth extracted, I asked the dentist to give me an extra shot so that my tongue would be dead,” she recalls.
The strict attention to detail was required to make the character authentic, yet Koechlin says she was careful not to portray her as an object of pity, which several films on disability are guilty of. On the contrary, her Laila has a rather eventful life. Much like “any teenager with raging hormones,” she surfs dodgy porn sites and guzzles margaritas, but with the help of a straw. Reeling from rejection from a man she fancies in Delhi, Laila takes up a creative-writing course at New York University to escape the humiliation. She later finds herself drawn to Khanum, an older woman she meets at a protest march, and forges an intimate relationship with her.
Speaking about the physical relationship between the two women characters, Koechlin says, “It’s not a sexy scene. In a world where we are showing sexuality in a particular light, with oil all over our body, it is nice to show something so real. You can’t even take your clothes off without somebody’s help if you have CP,” she says. Yet, shooting full-frontal nudity is not an experience she looks back at fondly. “I thought I was so comfortable with my body. I said, ‘Ya man, please go for it.’ By the end of it I started crying,” she says.
It’s no surprise then that on the last day of shoot at Coney Island in New York, Koechlin leapt out of her wheelchair and ran across the beach with abandon. The film is scheduled to release in India early next year. Given that the film tackles bisexuality, the actress hopes for a fuss-free release in the country. Her film Happy Ending, a romantic comedy in which she plays Saif Ali Khan’s nagging girlfriend, was just the cure she needed to get past the Margarita hangover, even though it flopped at the box office. “I would love to do more commercial films but not many come my way because I am in this box of a ‘very serious actor’. I think people look at me as a dark, raving feminist,” says Koechlin.
But being French, and born and raised in Puducherry, she has broken stereotypes all her life. “I always get questions like, Do you like India? You can eat spicy food? And in the streets they will be like ‘Hey beauty’. Only when you turn around and reply in Tamil, can you break that image,” she says. The perception, to some degree, continues to dog her even today. After separating from her husband, filmmaker Anurag Kashyap, last year, it wasn’t easy for Koechlin to find an apartment. “When I moved into my flat, I could see my neighbours were suspicious. They probably thought — ‘White girl, just broke up with Anurag, Bollywood actress…’ But I knocked on their door and said hello. They later said, ‘Kitni simple ladki hai. So nice.’ So the stereotype breaks as soon as you do it,” she explains.
It also helps that filmmakers have slowly begun to see her fit into various moulds and not just as the white girl. A lot of those parts came her way after she debuted in Kashyap’s Dev D. When all else fails she goes back to her roots in theatre to sharpen her craft. “It always helps me when I do a film right after a play,” she says. This year, Trivial Disaster, directed by acclaimed theatre director Atul Kumar, had a successful run across the country.
Koechlin’s currently in the midst of writing her own play, which she has tentatively titled A Play on Death. The grim name may reinforce the beliefs of those who consider her a “dark and serious” actor. But don’t be surprised if she breaks that myth as well.
(This article was published on December 5, 2014)
Related

Toyota Mirai is a hydrogen fuel cell car but how does it driveToyota Mirai is a hydrogen fuel cell car but how does it drive?
Caption Toyota FCV
Newspress USA
Toyota has been showing off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the international auto show circuit. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015.
Toyota has been showing off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the international auto show circuit. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015. (Newspress USA)
Caption Automakers look to hydrogen fuel cells
Bob Chamberlin, Los Angeles Times
"We would like to be still selling cars when there’s no more gas. And no one is coming to our door asking us to build a new electric car,” said Toyota’s Craig Scott.
"We would like to be still selling cars when there’s no more gas. And no one is coming to our door asking us to build a new electric car,” said Toyota’s Craig Scott. (Bob Chamberlin, Los Angeles Times)
Caption Toyota fuel cell vehicle
Toyota
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle, currently called the FCV, will launch in Japan in April 2015 and reach the U.S. market that summer.
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle, currently called the FCV, will launch in Japan in April 2015 and reach the U.S. market that summer. (Toyota)
Caption Toyota fuel cell vehicle
Toyota
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle will launch in Japan in April 2015 and come to the U.S. market that summer.
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle will launch in Japan in April 2015 and come to the U.S. market that summer. (Toyota)
Caption Toyota FCV
Newspress USA
Toyota shows off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the Tokyo Motor Show. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015.
Toyota shows off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the Tokyo Motor Show. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015. (Newspress USA)
Toyota Mirai hydrogen fuel cell car drives like any other electric car until you need more fuel.
The Mirai can travel 300 miles and refuel in 5 minutes, if you can find a station.
Since the Mirai has twin tanks of hydrogen, Toyota built in multiple safety features as standard equipment.
As Toyota sees it, the future isn't some fuzzy, far-off point in the distance. It's here in the form of a midsize sedan I was able to drive this week, when the Japanese automaker made its bold bet on hydrogen.
It takes little more than a glance to understand the Mirai fuel cell vehicle is different. Whether it's the dramatic air intakes at both front corners that force oxygen to interact with the key ingredient that generates onboard electricity, or a tail pipe that slowly drips water, the Mirai reads as a sedan while simultaneously hinting at what's happening under the hood.
Toyota has built a production hydrogen vehicle that walks the tight rope between mainstream acceptance and a brave new world in a car that balances the familiar with the new. - Susan Carpenter
Upon opening the driver-side door and sliding into its leatherette seats, it's clear the Mirai is similarly futuristic inside. Starting at the premium price of $57,500, or $499 per month to lease, the interior fit and finish is a hybrid, so to speak, of the Prius and a more upscale Lexus. Its black interior feels modern with a swipe screen housed in shiny piano black and offset with bright blue buttons and silver trimming.
Prius drivers will recognize the two-tier dash, the top level of which displays the most pertinent EV information, such as what drive mode it's in, how much power it's using and, most importantly for a vehicle that is supported by only 10 refueling stations in all of California at present, how many miles until it's empty.
The Mirai can travel up to 300 miles on a full tank and refills in about five minutes.

2016 Toyota Mirai hydrogen fuel cell car2016 Toyota Mirai hydrogen fuel cell car
Caption Toyota FCV
Newspress USA
Toyota has been showing off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the international auto show circuit. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015.
Toyota has been showing off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the international auto show circuit. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015. (Newspress USA)
Caption Automakers look to hydrogen fuel cells
Bob Chamberlin, Los Angeles Times
"We would like to be still selling cars when there’s no more gas. And no one is coming to our door asking us to build a new electric car,” said Toyota’s Craig Scott.
"We would like to be still selling cars when there’s no more gas. And no one is coming to our door asking us to build a new electric car,” said Toyota’s Craig Scott. (Bob Chamberlin, Los Angeles Times)
Caption Toyota fuel cell vehicle
Toyota
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle, currently called the FCV, will launch in Japan in April 2015 and reach the U.S. market that summer.
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle, currently called the FCV, will launch in Japan in April 2015 and reach the U.S. market that summer. (Toyota)
Caption Toyota fuel cell vehicle
Toyota
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle will launch in Japan in April 2015 and come to the U.S. market that summer.
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle will launch in Japan in April 2015 and come to the U.S. market that summer. (Toyota)
Caption Toyota FCV
Newspress USA
Toyota shows off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the Tokyo Motor Show. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015.
Toyota shows off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the Tokyo Motor Show. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015. (Newspress USA)
The Toyota Mirai is the first production hydrogen fuel cell car, set to hit the California market in mid 2015.
This photo gallery is featured in these articles:

Mehan-led Coromandel is now Rs 9 381-cr companyStory
Steady course
E Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
Kapil Mehan, managing director,Coromandel International | Best CEO: Agriculture & Allied (Large Companies) | (Photo: Nilotpal Baruah)
His interactions with market players had begun early on in his life. As a schoolboy in Gurdaspur district in Punjab, Kapil Mehan, at his father's behest, used to go to the local mandi to get the farm produce weighed and sold. "I would often talk to commission agents. I have seen mandi operations since I was 13 or 14 years old," says Mehan.
About Kapil Mehan
Over the years, along with his professional progress, his engagement with Indian agriculture has only deepened - from General Manager for Rallis India, Tata Group's agrochemical player, to Vice President (sales and marketing) and further on as board member of Tata Chemicals. Today he is Managing Director of Coromandel International, an integrated agri-solutions company, which is part of the Rs 24,350-crore Murugappa Group. An alumnus of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, he joined Coromandel in 2010, when it was largely a fertiliser company of the Murugappa Group. Mehan brought with him a treasure trove of experience, of working with people like Darbari Seth, former chairman of Tata Chemicals, and witnessing industry titan Ratan Tata up close.
Coromandel was then a Rs 6,395-crore company (for 2009/10) and its total manufacturing capacity was 3.2 million tonnes a year. The plan then was to raise it to 4 million tonnes in the next few years and enter the pesticides business. The company was also trying to grow its agri-retail business and was seeking farmer/customer responses in a bid to revise its vision.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best CEOs 2014
"The share of fertilisers in the total revenue is 80 per cent. But if we look at our EBITDA margins, it is 65 per cent and the rest from non-fertilisers. The aim is to bring it to the ratio of 50:50"
Today, Mehan can proudly say that the company is well on track towards its goals. India's second-largest maker of phosphatic complex fertilisers, Coromandel is now a Rs 9,381-crore company (for 2013/14). Its fertiliser capacity is 5 million tonnes a year. In pesticides, it has emerged as the sixth-largest player in India. The agri-retail business has grown to 750 outlets from 420 outlets in 2010.
The specialty nutrients business, which was an adjunct to the fertiliser business, is now a separate strategic business unit with 50:50 joint venture with SQM, a Chilean chemical company and supplier of plant nutrients. It started production two years ago and is expanding now.
The latest venture of Coromandel is its farm mechanisation business, which is a mix of product and services play. It has been set up through a tripartite joint venture (JV) with two Japanese firms Yanmar Co. and Mitsui and Co. Asia Pacific Pte Ltd. Farmers can either buy farm machinery or book the machinery at the Coromandel agri-retail outlets for a price.
Mehan says the idea behind the JV, with 40 per cent equity for Coromandel, 40 per cent for Yanmar and 20 per cent for Mitsui, is to manufacture and market farm mechanisation equipment like rice tranplanter and combine harvesters. Initially, the company will import the products and sell in the market. Gradually, it will start making it in India itself. The target customers will be big farmers with large land holdings and entrepreneurs or contractors who provide hiring services to small farmers.
The move is in line with the company's steadfast vision to bridge the needs of the farmers and emerge as integrated agri-solutions company. "The share of fertilisers in the total revenue is 80 per cent. But if we look at our EBITDA margins, they are 65 per cent from fertilisers and the rest from non-fertilisers. The goal in the next four to five years is to bring it to the ratio of 50:50 so that we have a more stable revenue," says Mehan. The objective appears plausible as the company has made significant investments in non-fertiliser businesses.
Mehan says his approach to business has been influenced by his interactions with industry leaders over time - be it the humility of Ratan Tata, the vision of his former boss Darbari Seth in farm services or the sense of fairness of Coromandel Chairman A. Vellayan.
The other nominees: Agriculture & Allied (Large companies)
The transition from the Tatas to the Murugappa Group would have been easy for Mehan. "This is a value-driven group with people seeing it as the Tatas of South India," says B.V.R. Mohan Reddy, Chairman of Cyient Ltd and independent director on the board of Coromandel.
On the hurdles in the business, Reddy says, "This is an extremely tricky business as the government plays an important role in fertiliser business in the form of subsidies. The weather gods also have a direct bearing on the fertiliser off-take. Also there is a substantial import content going into the business as phosphoric acid and rock phosphate are not easily available in India."
But despite all this, Reddy says, the company has done well. "Mehan has brought in lot more variations to the business. Today it is not just a fertiliser company and is integrating the vertical chain. This has de-risked the business. Also it has made acquisitions that have helped the company scale up its existing businesses. The company has good amount of technology deployment with best processes in this space," says Reddy.
Much of the progress the company has made is apparent from the work style of Mehan. Up at 6 am every day, he is at work by 9 am after a long walk or cycling at home. He travels at least 10-12 days a month but prefers to be at home for the weekends. In his leisure time he enjoys cooking for his wife, Anu Mehan, and their two daughters, Esha and Karishma. His success mantra is simple and straight: "Try to do the best in your job in whatever way you can and ensure you make the job of your boss easy."

Inflation Expectations SurveyAll you wanted to know about
Inflation Expectations Survey
Tweet
December 8, 2014:  
Do you wonder why the RBI, which kept such a hawk-eyed watch on inflation, is not reacting to the recent great news on the inflation front? The consumer price index (CPI) and wholesale price index (WPI) numbers have both fallen rapidly in recent weeks. Yet the RBI isn’t cutting rates. It feels, while inflation itself is down, inflation expectations of people aren’t. How did RBI divine this? It is through its ‘inflation expectations’ survey of households. Think of it as crowd sourced intelligence on inflation.
What is it?
The RBI surveys 5,000 households every quarter to know where they expect prices to head in the coming months. Data on price expectations is collected for food, non-food, housing, services, household durables and general categories of items. To put things in context, the current inflation level experienced by each person is also captured in the matrix. The expectations are subjective assessments by the individual, based on their consumption pattern. The survey has been running since September 2005.
The data serves as a lead indicator of inflation, just as the Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) serves as a lead indicator of industrial output. And just like the PMI, more than the actual number, it is the direction of inflation expectations that help predict the future.
Why is it important?
Inflation is a huge factor that the RBI weighs before making policy decisions on interest rate changes and liquidity. However, CPI and WPI measures of inflation are lagging indicators as they measure price changes that already happened. By acting on those, the RBI will end up ‘chasing’ ground reality rather than shaping the future. So lead indicators such as inflation expectations are the key to know which way the wind is blowing. For example, the April-June quarter survey published in July showed a perceptible jump in the number of people who thought prices will fall. And so it has happened.
Also, the CPI and WPI are somewhat theoretical measures of inflation, as they are based on fixed ‘baskets’ of consumption assumed by policymakers. Given the diversity of the people in the country, inflation affects each person differently and these indices may not realistically capture its effects. The inflation expectations survey takes inputs from people with varied backgrounds to reflect different social economic and age groups. Participants are selected from 16 cities. The sample consists of housewives (30 per cent), self employed people (20 per cent), retired persons, daily workers and financial sector employees (10 per cent each), other employed people (15 per cent) and other groups (5 per cent).
Why should I care?
For one, you may be one of the 5,000 participants picked for the survey in any quarter. The entire country’s monetary policy, which could affect foreign investors as well, may be influenced by your answer. So, hey, no stress, but knowing about the survey, you will likely put the chance to good use and provide useful responses. But more likely, the survey results offer you a gold mine of data. You can detect shifts in expectations, not just in overall numbers, but in various categories. This can help you plan your expenses, savings and maybe even the city where you want to live.
The bottomline
It is good to know that the powers-that-be listen to the wisdom of the crowd, when it comes to framing their policies
A weekly column that puts the fun into learning
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Power and responsibilityTweet
Winding up the Planning Commission must accompany empowering the States with greater financial autonomy
Although a majority of State chief ministers have supported Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s bid to wind up the Planning Commission, a consensus has failed to emerge. Partisan politics was responsible for this to some extent, but there was a core issue between the Centre and the States that remained unaddressed — resource allocation. The objections raised were not so much about the need for planning per se, but rather to do with the largely unilateral setting of priorities, and more importantly, the allocation of resources towards achieving the set goals. There is little quarrel with the broad goals of the planning process itself — of creating physical infrastructure and improving human and social development indicators. The germane issue is about the micromanagement of the decision-making process, where questions of what, how much, by when and where such capacity is created, is decided at the central level. This clearly flies in the face of the federal structure envisaged in the Constitution, and reduces both the States and the central ministries to mere implementers.
Clearly, such Soviet-style centralised planning and resource allocation is irrelevant in a liberalised market economy, where private investment is the key driver and States compete with each other to attract such investments. Besides, half a century of ‘planned development’ has not been effective in ironing out developmental inequalities, and it stands to reason that different States will have different needs and priorities at any given point of time. So, while a Bihar might feel that creating power generation capacity and building connectivity might be its top priorities, a developed City-State like Delhi might want to focus on building better social infrastructure. A one-size-fits-all approach is simply unworkable, something Finance Minister Arun Jaitley himself acknowledged after the meeting. It is, therefore, no surprise that most State chief ministers want the powers of the Planning Commission to be transferred to the Inter-States Council.
That this has not already happened is because States want not just responsibility, but power as well. While what share States get of central revenue receipts has been decided by the Finance Commission, the actual allocation was largely controlled by the Planning Commission, with the resources channelled through the Union Budget, which is under the control of the Centre. Past governments have been reluctant to let go of this power, which is one of the reasons why the Union Budget occupies the larger than life space that it does in the Indian economy. The need of the hour is to work out a reasonable and workable compromise. After all, the government at the Centre is elected on the basis of its vision for the country it presents to the electorate, and it is only reasonable that it has both the policy-making as well as the financial muscle to deliver on that vision. At the same time, the Centre also needs to remember that governments at the State level are also elected and needs to walk the talk on an empowered federal structure.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Bravehearts or habitual male hatersBravehearts or habitual male haters?
RASHEEDA BHAGAT
Tweet
Pent up: The frustration will boil over sooner or later K BHAGYA PRAKASH
Act upon the facts and let the law take its course. Offenders must be punished but the problem is all too real
When the quickly changing story of two “braveheart” Haryana sisters, who thrashed three young men on a bus because they had “molested them” gets the tag of “andhi sarkar bikau media” (blind government, paid media), you have to sit up and take note. Not that the government and the media aren’t themselves being continuously trashed on various social media platforms with such tags, the “paid media” tag being the most common.
The story so far. Last week, two sisters from Haryana’s Rohtak district — 22-year-old Aarti and 19-year-old Pooja Kumar — were feted by everybody and hailed for their courage in thrashing three young men who, the girls claimed, had molested them in the State transport bus in which they were travelling.
Apparently another female passenger on the bus shot a video on her mobile phone of the two sisters beating up the boys, with their hands, legs and even a belt. The other passengers in the bus remained mute witnesses and the police arrested the three youth following a complaint filed by the girls.
After all the TV channels and newspapers had highlighted the girls’ bravery and held them up as examples for other young women to follow, and the Haryana government had announced the two girls would be “honoured” on Republic Day, suddenly we started getting different reports. This time, a video clip surfaced, said to be distributed by the parents of one of the youths, which showed the two sisters thrashing another man in a park.
Male hater
Reports started surfacing, mostly on social media, that these two girls were “habitual male haters” and had enacted the whole drama for personal glorification.
Hindi newspapers offered much more detailed coverage. On December 3, Dainik Bhakar carried a lengthy article quoting several men and women, some who had apparently been passengers on the bus, denying that the three youth had misbehaved with the girls. The report said the long-distance bus in which the sisters were travelling had broken down and all the passengers were accommodated in another bus. It carried an interview, with a picture of Bimla Devi, a woman from another village, who said she was shocked to see “such false news and the video” clip playing on various TV channels, and felt compelled to come forward to tell the “truth”.
She said one of the three men had helped her get her bus ticket and corroborated the version that had the two sisters insisting that another old woman and one of the youths vacate their seats, as those had been their seats in the other bus. When one of the young men protested, the entire drama commenced. Another report said the panchayat had met and declared all three youths innocent. Many other women from the town came forward to say that the girls’ statement could not be relied on.
Janmat, another Hindi publication and other local media too carried stories supporting the young men’s version. The State government has rightly stayed its decision to felicitate the girls pending an “inquiry”.
Eve-teasing is rampant
But there are several reasons why everybody was so eager to take at face value the first version of this incident. It cannot be denied that there is rampant eve-teasing and molestation of women in packed buses, educational institutions, shopping areas and crowded streets. Most of the time, women suffer in silence. Hence when the Aarti and Pooja case was publicised as an incident of rare courage when two young women didn’t need anybody’s help to beat up the eve-teasers, the media was only too eager to highlight the story and hail the girls as “bravehearts”.
Over the next two days the girls were seen studio hopping for TV interviews where they were patted by the anchors for their act of courage, and homilies were given to other women to follow their lead.
Unfortunately, it has become common for the media to conduct its own trials and pronounce judgments, often in sanctimonious and booming tones, and this was done in this case too.
Unveil the truth
From the interviews given by their fathers to the regional media, it appears that all three youths come from poor families; two had been selected for army postings. Even if the charges against them are totally false, as seems probable from evidence available in the public domain, this incident has nevertheless damaged their reputation. Even if the charges are dropped and their careers are not hurt, which will hopefully happen if they are proved innocent, a lot of harm has already been done. If the sisters have indeed made false charges , FIRs should be filed against them and the law should take its course. The voices raised in the media for equitable gender rights should be equally forceful, shrill if necessary, when women falsely or maliciously use eve-teasing or sexual harassment as a ploy to further their own ends. If the women have indulged in foul play and histrionics for their personal glorification, they have to be punished.
Let a forceful media campaign be carried out to ensure that the authorities get to the bottom of this matter and unveil the truth.
If this is not done in all earnestness, the stupid voices of the “dented and painted” variety and lectures on how often women bring upon themselves sexual harassment and even rape by the way they dress, by staying out late at night, by consuming alcohol and the rest of the related rubbish, will only garner more support in the coming days.
The Rohtak sisters might not be “habitual male haters” — wonder what that actually means — but they broke all moral and legal boundaries if they made false charges against these three men and physically assaulted them. This offence should not be taken lightly, and appropriate punishment should be meted out to them if found guilty. But if they are telling the truth, go ahead and fete them.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Reward efficiency in fertiliser productionReward efficiency in fertiliser production
R MUKUNDAN
Tweet
Seeds of change That's what the fertiliser industry wants Africa Studio/shutterstock.com
And make subsidies available — they will fuel the effort. Besides, it’s time India depended less on imports
The fertiliser industry has been instrumental in making India self-sufficient in food and agricultural produce. While the sector plays a vital role, it continues to struggle with limited investments. Additionally, this sector is frequently criticised for straining the country’s fiscal deficit with rising subsidy bills.
The rising subsidy bill with no significant increase in agriculture productivity indicates that inefficiencies in the mechanism are impacting farmers, fertiliser manufacturers, as well as taxpayers and consumers. While it is important to analyse the impact of subsidy mechanism, it is time to develop a long-term vision that makes the sector sustainable and engenders renewed vigour for investments that will make Indian firms globally competitive.
The current subsidy payment regime involves compensating the manufacturer for the difference between the government’s regulated fixed MRP and the manufacturer’s production cost. However, production costs can vary dramatically between manufacturers depending on the vintage of the plant and machinery, upgradation of technology, improving the competency of people and so on. India produces about 22 mt urea per year. The energy cost accounts for 80 per cent of the cost of production. Therefore, survival of the industry depends on improvement in energy efficiency.
Reducing imports
The government can play a vital role here by incentivising energy efficiency in production. If the regulatory and subsidy mechanism is developed which suits investment in maintaining operational efficiency then companies currently hesitant to invest in refurbishing and modernising their plants will be encouraged to invest. This will in turn help production in a more energy efficient way and government support in this scenario through effective subsidisation will help the company’s profitability and sustainability.
India lacks adequate energy resources and is heavily dependent on import of all primary energy resources, be it crude oil, coal or natural gas. The Krishna Godavari Basin is the only source for natural gas in India and supplies fuel to urea manufacturers, liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) plants, power stations and city gas distribution (CGD) projects. In addition to limited availability, the government is challenged with balancing the needs of the sectors that depend on natural gas and those of fertiliser manufacturers. It is, therefore, important that every cubic metre of gas is saved to reduce import of RLNG. Hence, improving the operational efficiency of fertiliser manufacturers is vital so that every bit of energy saved is utilised in the right manner to produce more output.
If the average efficiency of fertiliser manufacturers is improved, it will result in minimal use of feedstock to produce higher output. The government is paying manufacturers a gas cost at widely varying gas consumption at preset energy norms of 5.4 gcal/t urea to 10.22gcal/t urea. Encouraging manufacturers to become more energy efficient will boost domestic manufacturing which in turn, will eventually help us reduce dependence on fertiliser imports which is eating into the fertiliser subsidy bills. Further, per unit cost of production will go down significantly. All these factors will play a major role in reducing fiscal deficit.
Conducive environment
The fertiliser industry presents one of the most energy intensive sectors within the Indian economy and hence is vital in the context of both local and global environmental discussions. Increases in productivity through the adoption of more efficient and cleaner technologies in manufacturing fertiliser will be most effective in merging economic, environmental, and social development objectives. Through improvement in operational efficiency, it is possible to reduce GHG emissions, air pollution, impacts to surface and ground waters.
In order to revive the industry and make the subsidy mechanism effective, the government would need to make the sector attractive for investors and create a conducive regulatory environment that propels technological advancements and incentivises companies that comply with environment conservation norms and focus on efficiency. Removing price controls and incentivizing efficient producers may lead to greater operational efficiency, investments in technological upgradation, and capacity expansion. Inclusion of urea under the Nutrient-Based Subsidy policy can bring balanced use and help address the issue of soil degradation.
The global industry has placed significant emphasis on making plants more efficient while advancing fertiliser producing technology. It is time we also develop a similar blueprint. Technological advancement in agricultural inputs will hence play a critical role in advancing India’s fertiliser and agriculture industries, but the policy environment also needs to focus on rewarding the energy efficient players rather than punishing them.
The writer is the managing director of Tata Chemicals Ltd
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Confusion in command in Jammu and KashmirAjai Shukla: Confusion in command in Jammu and Kashmir
Ajai Shukla | New Delhi Dec 08, 2014 09:50 PM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has shocked the army, and possibly alienated it seriously, with his statement in Srinagar on Monday that under his Bharatiya Janata Party government "for the first time in 30 years, the army admitted its mistake".
Already junior field commanders were simmering at the restraints placed on them by top generals in Jammu and Kashmir (J&K). In a furious WhatsApp message that whizzed through army networks, junior officers blamed the deaths of eight soldiers in a militant strike near Uri on last Friday on tight operational restraints that were allegedly blunting the combat edge of front line units.
The perception that unit and sub-unit commanders' hands are tied is rooted in two recent events. The first is the public admission (referred to by the prime minister) by Lieutenant General D S Hooda, the army's top general in J&K, that soldiers at an army checkpoint made a mistake in shooting dead two Kashmiri boys on November 3 after their car ran an army check post near Chhattergam village in south Kashmir. An immediate court of inquiry swiftly found nine soldiers culpable and further disciplinary action will follow. The second event on November 15 was the awarding of life sentences by a court martial to five soldiers, including two officers, for cold-bloodedly murdering three innocent Kashmiri men who were cynically labelled terrorists. This will only be reinforced by the prime minister's ill-advised statement.
In fact, while these events sent a powerful message through the army, there is nothing to support the allegation that soldiers unnecessarily died in the Uri attack because sentries hesitated to shoot at the militants as they approached the army post. The army rightly insists that soldiers manning a vehicle check post on a busy public road in broad daylight should be restrained in opening fire, even when suspicious behaviour is observed. Yet no commander has, or would, demand restraint from a sentry at an isolated post near the Line of Control when he sees figures approaching him during a night curfew. Army media managers have been active on social media, highlighting this crucial difference.
Even so, this has highlighted crucial issues for the army. The first is the contradiction between the generals' insistence, on the one hand, that the army must operate with restraint, winning over the populace by avoiding collateral damage; while, on the other hand, demanding a high operational tempo, with the performance of field commanders measured largely in the currency of militants killed. Junior officers are confused and angered by irreconcilable demands for both "kills" and winning hearts and minds.
There is also contradiction between demanding a soft touch from the field while simultaneously professing that the army cannot operate without the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA). This act, which allows even non-commissioned officers to kill on suspicion, was designed for mass insurrection where public order evaporates. To insist upon it in today's Kashmir sends a confusing message to the front lines: "If you shoot the wrong person or destroy the wrong house, you are protected against the criminal justice system and the law of the land. But nevertheless, we will court martial you under military law."
The bull that nobody wants to take by the horns is the reality that as long as Kashmir remains a battleground between two opposing sets of heavily armed men, with both sets wary of being attacked any moment, errors like the one at Chhattergam will take place. No army conducts a serious counter-insurgency campaign in a heavily populated area without collateral damage. Mistakes will have to be condoned, or else transform the army's mission to armed policing.
If the generals were really serious about eliminating collateral damage, they would think seriously about lifting the AFSPA from select areas. This would break a negative spiral by boosting public confidence in a positive future; reduce support for armed militancy; and create a climate for progressive demilitarisation - which is the best way to diminish the possibility of damaging errors by the security forces. Operational errors cannot be eliminated by orders from headquarters.
Even as the generals have ignored the possibilities of this virtuous spiral, New Delhi has failed to understand that hard men with guns cannot manage Kashmir forever. The army can only create the security environment for a political settlement, something that it has already done several times at enormous cost. Yet each time the opportunity has been squandered through political lassitude; and instead of transforming the Kashmir narrative into a peace dialogue, it has reverted to accusations of human rights violations, fuelled by incidents like Machhil and Chhattergam. The army's convoluted attempt to retain both the AFSPA and restraint stems from its recognition that while minimising the possibility of collateral damage, it must retain legal cover in case Kashmir goes up in flames.
Thirdly, this has underlined the need for the military to come to terms with social media like WhatsApp, Facebook and Twitter, which will inevitably become forums for the voices of junior ranks. The army's top command has long been blessed with a rank and file that keeps its opinions to itself. Today, the anonymity of social media has given a voice to even the most supine juniors. These voices will be increasingly heard over social media, unless the army transforms its deeply unequal and hierarchical relationship structures into ones that cater for the expression of dissent over issues like operational restraint. With few signs of democratisation, the army's media managers need to reflect on how they will manage anonymous dissent. The reflexive urge to restrict social media is unlikely to succeed. Only a vibrant internal discourse that allows a frank exchange of views and an outlet for grievances will prevent those from being increasingly leaked into the public space. Today the junior officers are venting angst; tomorrow it will be the increasingly tech-savvy rank and file.
Twitter: @ajaishukla

Mexican  Tuna Ranchers  Cash in on Global Tuna Addictionmexican  tuna ranchers  cash in on global tuna addiction
#GivingTuesday Movement: A Metaphor for 21st Century Powerreddit
Two years ago, I wrote about #GivingTuesday when it first launched, calling it the "kind of wave that will launch and sustain us on a new journey." Created as a response to "Black Friday" and "Cyber Monday," #GivingTuesday was spearheaded by the 92nd Street Y in partnership with the United Nations Foundation and other admirable organizations. Back then, the movement consisted of around 1,400 American charitable groups; this year, #GivingTuesday has spread to all 50 states and dozens of countries.  From participating in coat and blood drives, to volunteering, to making donations, people of all ages, religions and opinions united in the spirit of giving. It is capturing people's imagination in ways no one has anticipated because it is tapping into a new source of power: our values.
The leaders who catalyzed it did not envision it as a rigorously engineered or scripted plan, but rather, a true movement that would transcend all expectations, if not their own imaginations. It was, in other words, designed to be a wave that would build on itself, compound, and perpetuate in its energy. Preliminary estimates from this past Tuesday show that over 15,000 nonprofit organizations and more than 20,000 partner organizations took part in this year's activities, up from the 9,500 nonprofit and 10,000 partner organizations that participated in 2013.  This year saw a 63% growth in donations over the last, raising an estimated $45.68 million thanks to an inspired effort that spanned more than 65 countries around the world.  Clearly, this movement has brought together kindred spirits worldwide and channeled their energy into some truly impressive efforts.
I have described #GivingTuesday as a "wave" because the human wave - that unison of raised hands and hearts when we cheer on teams - is a perfect metaphor of what it looks like when power is not exerted over people, but rather generated through people who willingly stand up together for what they collectively believe in. On #GivingTuesday, you can feel the pulse of human energy flowing out of our workspaces--online and on the street. The energy comes not from a movement that is scaling a philanthropic program or even a hashtag, but from a movement that is about scaling values.
One of the main reasons why #GivingTuesday has been growing in a sustainable way is because the leaders who first catalyzed it, and so many others that have joined it, understand that the sources of power have shifted in our rapidly reshaping world - one that has gone from connected to interconnected to interdependent.
As I've often argued, throughout most of human history, the sources of power were finite. In the land-based economy, the more land people owned, the more rent they could charge. In the capital-based economy spawned by the industrial age, the more capital people had, the more interest they could charge. In these zero-sum economies, people accumulated and hoarded the sources of power in order to impose their will upon those who had less. In today's knowledge - or, perhaps, human - economy, the sources of power (e.g. information, ideas, values, ingenuity) are infinite because they are rooted in human capabilities and qualities.
Exerting power over others through discipline and rewards alone was highly effective when the sources of power were finite. Today, leaders have to shift from "command-and-control" to "connect-and-collaborate," from exerting power over people to generating power through them. Some thoughtful people have been writing on this shift, most recently, Jeremy Heimans, CEO of Purpose, and Henry Timms, executive director of the 92nd Street Y. They argue compellingly in the Harvard Business Review that "old power" works like a finite currency that must be guarded, but today "new power" is more like a current, created in an "open, participatory, and peer-driven" manner. Whereas "old power" relies on values such as institutionalism, secrecy, and competition in order to accomplish its objectives, "new power" more nimbly relies on open-source collaboration, transparency and sharing. #GivingTuesday is a self-sustaining wave because those who are catalyzing it are harnessing new and not old power. We are now in a world where increasingly a pure focus on scaling products, business models or even philanthropic programs is not nearly as powerful, and certainly not as enduring, as scaling values, which is at the heart of #GivingTuesday.
One of the ways that they are doing so is by encouraging all of us, regardless of resources, to give in a way that authentically flows from our values and capacities. It could look like a financial planner who advises low-income communities on personal budgeting, or an advertising designer who volunteers at an after-school arts program for children. In the New York office of my company, LRN, where I work, we offered our analytical services to help assess the program effectiveness of Leave Out Violence (LOVE), a nonprofit created to promote non-violence in the lives of youth. Throughout all our offices, from Mumbai to London to Los Angeles to New York City, we leaned into this movement with sincerity and earnestness. Each time we give authentically, we grow through reinforcing and deepening our connection to our values. When we give, we get. We come out ahead. In this way, we are redefining giving, moving from a zero-sum logic of I-give-you-receive towards a model of shared participation and benefit. If old giving was about offering a transactional handout, new giving is about joining our hands to collaborate to do something greater together for the long run.
The spirit of #GivingTuesday is not one that should ultimately be relegated to one day of the year; it is, in fact, a lifestyle, ingrained into our daily mindsets and habits. As famed anti-apartheid activist Steve Biko said, "The power of a movement lies in the fact that it can indeed change the habits of a people." ("Habit" and "give," interestingly, both come from an ancient proto-indo-European word, "ghabh.")
So, this past Tuesday, I invited everyone, including my colleagues at my company, LRN, to pause and reflect on what it would mean to live out the true spirit of giving on a consistent basis, in every facet of their lives and interactions with others.
I volunteered at LOVE, but my other NYC colleagues were with GrowNYC, which provides fresh and locally grown produce to under-served communities, and Team Red, White and Blue - whose mission is to enrich the lives of American veterans by connecting them to their communities through both physical and social activity - together with See Spot Rescued, which strives to provide a permanent loving home for every homeless dog.
Our Los Angeles colleagues were assisting with a range of organizations, such as Union Rescue Mission and P.A.T.H., both of whom work to help those who have faced homelessness, Operation Gratitude, which provides care packages to Active Duty and Veteran communities, and Downtown Women's Center, which provides safe shelter to women without a home.
Internationally, my colleagues in Mumbai had lunch with children at an orphanage as well as distributed clothes and food to members of the local community. In London, colleagues supported the Pink Ribbon International Foundation, an organization that is committed to raising breast cancer awareness and supporting survivors. Colleagues in our remote locations supported a whole host of organizations across the United States, such as the American Cancer Society, the Boys and Girls Club, Doctors Without Borders, U.S. Marine Reserves and the YWCA.
What is so promising about this wave is that while it starts with the symbolic and real act of giving during a given day, when one truly internalizes the values and spirit behind the act, it will start to inform our mindsets and actions every day--waves will start happening within our own lives. What's more, giving will not stop with us. In wave-like fashion, giving authentically inspires others to give in the same way. #GivingTuesday is a means of scaling values throughout our world, a true manifestation of 21st-century power, and, more importantly, leadership that understands, exemplifies, and harnesses this power.
Follow Dov Seidman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@DovSeidman
More:

10 Ways to Convert More Customers Using Psychology (Infographic)reddit
The times change, the tools change--but human nature is perpetual.
As Daniel Pink once said, "There's a gap between what science knows and what business does." The study of psychology and its application for marketing to consumers has been brought about by the attempt to bridge this gap.
For the lay marketer, the problem is finding practical sources of inspiration. Stodgy academic writing--often criticized by Harvard psychologist Steven Pinker--and sensational headlines have made it hard to decipher which research results are worth testing.
As one extra step in helping marketers and salesman improve their ethical persuasive efforts, I compiled a list of 10 must-know psychology studies in my 10 Ways to Convert More Customers (Using Psychology) resource.
Designed by my talented team at Help Scout, below you can get the key takeaways in infographic form. If you're hungry for more, check out the coverage and research links in the full guide .
***
Gregory Ciotti is on the customer success team at Help Scout , the invisible email support software. Through a beautiful dashboard, data-driven reports , and smart UI built for taking the headache out of email, Help Scout can help you transform your email support .
Follow Gregory Ciotti on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GregoryCiotti
More:

Developers face bigger fees if they don t meet affordable housing quota2
If a downtown condo developer chose not to create units to reach that 25 percent threshold, it would have to pay $225,000 per affordable unit required, instead of the current $100,000. In-lieu fees would be lower in high-income areas and in low- to moderate-income neighborhoods. Projects with the Chicago Housing Authority also would qualify for lower fees.
The proposal, which may still be tweaked before Wednesday, is certain to elicit howls from developers who worry that their projects no longer would be financially feasible.
"We decreased the fees in the low-income areas where we don't want to stunt development but we increased it in the higher income areas," said Ald. Walter Burnett, a member of the task force. "It's a good balance, this is a fair step. Hopefully we can get more affordable housing in the neighborhoods."
"(Developers) always cry wolf all the way to the bank." Burnett added. "They've been crying wolf for years. The city is too hot."
Discussions about potential changes to the ordinance have been going on for months, and late last month, some developers verbally were given a framework of the three-zone ordinance. At the same time, though, stakeholders were invited to meet individually with the mayor's office.
Alan Lev, president and CEO of Belgravia Group, has built several condominium developments on the city's Near West Side. Under the proposal, they would fall under the downtown requirements. The average selling price of the most recent project was $750,000,and selling those units for less than a third of that price would have killed the project, he said.
"What's being built today, at least on the for-sale side, has been expensive product, not entry-level product," Lev said. "The loss in value is enormous."
Likewise, apartment construction downtown is booming, but most of the units in the tony, amenity-filled buildings have rents that start at $2,000 a unit.
The city estimates that, barring a housing downturn, the proposal would create 1,200 affordable units, half of those within or near market-rate housing, and more than $95 million in in-lieu fees by 2020.
Once introduced into Chicago City Council, the ordinance would be referred to the city's Housing and Real Estate Committee.

Amazon Presses FAA for Outdoor Drone Test Approvalamazon presses faa for outdoor drone test approval
After Uber cab rape case  Maneka Gandhi moots women taxi services for female travellersSix Indian carriers owe Rs 5,889 cr to AAI, 3 oil companies
Union Minister Maneka Gandhi on Monday mooted the idea of women taxi service exclusively for female travellers and said government is in talks with some business enterprises to launch this facility.
Gandhi’s comments came against the backdrop of growing outrage over the alleged rape of a 27-year-old woman executive on Friday night in the National Capital Region by a driver of international taxi-booking service Uber.
The Union Women and Child Development Minister also sought to link overpopulation with crime as she lamented that continuing incidents of rapes indicated a “cultural problem”.
The Minister asked companies to look after the “welfare” of its employees before putting the “onus on the government”.
“I think the question is not putting the onus on the government. The question is that every company should look after their welfare as well,” she said.
Listing women taxi service as one such welfare measure, she said that the government is in talks with “business people” to start such services.
“One of the ways would be to have female taxi services. We have talked to business people to start such services. If necessary we will pay for the training of the drivers,” Gandhi said, adding that it is “an idea whose time has come”.
Gandhi said that the rapes are happening despite “strict laws” being in force as the judicial system takes too long to respond.
“We have strict laws that give no quarter to rapists or to murderers and yet these things continue to happen. Obviously it’s a cultural problem,” Gandhi told Times Now.
“If the judicial system would just work better and faster people would be more scared but it takes such a long time then  a lot of people lose their fear of committing crime,” she added.
“In an overpopulous country there will be a huge amount of crime and this crime is usually angled against what is perceived to be the weaker person and in this case it is this poor girl. What can we do?,” she said reacting to the woman executive rape case.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Maneka Gandhi Uber Uber Cab
More from companies

Russian retailers feel the rouble pinchSun sets on Russians’ upmarket trips abroad
Courtney Weaver in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f92b224-7edb-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

We try to launch products at one-fifth global price: Cadila1:00 pm
Zydus Cadila launched the biosimilar version of Adalimumab, which is the world's first biosimilar made end-to-end in India. Sharvil Patel, Deputy MD, Cadila Healthcare says the important this is to look at access or affordability.
He says whenever the company thinks of launching products, it tries to launch it at one-fifth the global price.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sharvil Patel's interview with CNBC-TV18's Malvika Jain
Q: Tell us about the pricing of your products in comparison to your peers?
A: There are many biosimilars that have been launched, Cipla being one of them. The important thing for any company and whenever we look at developing any of the products is to an access. All these products have reimbursements or insurance, which helps them be made available to patients internationally. However, because in India we have neither of the two systems and it is all out of pocket, we all need to strive hard to make it accessible which means affordable. So whenever we are developing the product we are looking at the fact that whether we will be able to bring it at a relatively much lower cost than what is being done abroad because the patient has to pay out of his pocket. Our view is to launch it at one-fifth the global price, which will be the most competitive price in India today.
Q: Competition Commission of India (CCI) has given a conditional approval to the Sun Pharma deal while you are looking at expanding your market, how worried are you about the size of the merged entity that it will be?
A: India is a specific market which is a branded market. Everybody has their own brands, which have significant market shares. As combining of the two entities, we do not see any threat or any of those aspects of it. It is a merger that has happened which has probably more relevance globally. India is a very fragmented market. The highest market share is about 6-6.5 percent. So everybody has their niche, which they work with. Everybody has their research and development (R&D) activities which helped them innovate and we continue to strive on our innovation. This is a second innovation, which is there, we continue and we will have at least two more products next year, launch in biologics. So our focus is truly moving towards the fact where we will have differentiated products and the differentiated products will only bring value to both the patient and the company.
Cadila Health stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  11:13 hrs Cadila Healthcare was quoting at Rs 1521.00, down Rs 8.75, or 0.57 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1760.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 730.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 47.60 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 31.95. The latest book value of the company is Rs 177.28 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 8.58.
RELATED NEWS

Beware  Android users! A new virus steals passwords  sends SMSs without your permissionDec 09, 2014 at 03:38pm IST
Beware, Android users! A new virus steals passwords, sends SMSs without your permission
66
6
New Delhi: Cyber security sleuths have alerted Android-based smartphone users against an infectious Trojan virus which steals vital information from the personal device and can even illegally send SMSes to those on the mobile contact list.
The deadly virus has been identified as 'AndroidSmssend' and it can acquire as many as four aliases to hoodwink the user and perpetrate its destructive activities on a personal Android enabled phone.
"Android/SmsSend is a premium service abuser family malware that arrives bundled with legitimate Android applications and infects Android based smart phones.
Cyber security sleuths have alerted Android users against an infectious Trojan virus which steals vital information from the personal device.
#android #virus #trojan virus #android phones
"Once infected, it sends text messages (typically with a link to itself or a different threat) to a specific number, typically to numbers on the contact list and is also capable to send SMS to premium rate numbers," the Computer Emergency Response Team of India (CERT-In) said in its latest advisory to Android phone users in the country.
The CERT-In is the nodal agency to combat hacking, phishing and to fortify security-related defences of the Indian Internet domain.
It said that after a typical successful infection of the virus, basic information about the smart phone like IMEI number, device id, device type among others are compromised and it can even install spyware on the targeted device.
The virus is so notorious, the agency said, that it "steals contacts and pictures, tracks the location, steals passwords, illegally accesses text messages, crashes a complete system, steals personal banking information when logged in, installs other sort of spyware and disables firewall and anti-virus program to defend itself."
The CERT-In said the malware is created by modifying the legitimate application and then re-distributing via marketplace or other separate channels.
The agency has suggested some counter-measures in this regard.
"Do not download and install applications from untrusted sources, install applications downloaded from reputed application market only, run a full system scan on device with mobile security solution or mobile anti-virus solution, check for the permissions required by an application before installing, exercise caution while visiting trusted/untrusted sites for clicking links, install Android updates and patches and use device encryption or encrypting external SD card feature available with most of the android OS (operating system)," it said.
Also, avoid using unsecured, unknown Wi-Fi networks and make a practice of taking regular backup of the Android device, the advisory said.
132

Reason for oil price fall is not good news: Eswar Prasad02:30 pm
Amid all the celebrations that started due to steep fall in crude, Eswar Prasad sounds a word of caution. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, he said right now lower crude price augurs well for India but one must understand that while falling crude is good news "why it is falling is not good." He further added that we are now pretty close to crude level that India will not be comfortable with.
Meanwhile, China sent ripples across global markets today, as the Shanghai market tumbled over 5 percent, its biggest daily loss in five years with the turnover touching record levels of USD 128 billion. The fall was triggered by a new government rule barring lower rated bonds as collateral for some short-term loans. The sell-off began in risky debt, and then spread to government bonds and stocks. He said that there is huge credit outstanding in the Chinese economy, and the worrying part is that loan growth is outpacing GDP growth.
On the Modi government’s performance, he said then focus right now appeared to be on good governance with sanitation the top priority. He is hopeful of big package of reforms from team Modi and prefers aggressive steps on the disinvestment front.
He expects the rupee to be volatile and says a mild depreciation won’t hurt the economy much.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Eswar Prasad’s interview with Menaka Doshi and Senthil Chengalvarayan on CNBC-TV18.
Menaka: We have had a string of bad news come in from China, some change in its collateral policy which it doesn’t allow for high yields bonds to be used as collateral in some loans, we have seen that have an impact on the yuan which is headed for its possibly single day biggest loss since 2008, rates have moved up in China and growth continues to be the big puzzle. What do you make of what is going on in China right now?
A: The Chinese government is trying to strike this very fine balance where they want maintain growth momentum even as it is slowing, continue with their financial market and broader financial sector reforms and at the same time not go back to the play book they had back in 2008-2009 during the financial crisis when they had this explosion of credit which helped support economic growth but it is having very negative ramifications to this day.
So, the move taken by the Chinese government today indicates the tensions that they face. What they are trying to do is let the air out of the housing bubble very slowly, try to make sure that there isn’t too much froth in financial markets while at the same time trying to make sure that there is enough credit to support economic activity. However, they don’t want to do it with this broad based expansion of credit but do it with very targeted instruments.
This is a very tricky balancing act and today what they have been trying to do has set off tremors both in China and in the rest of the world. However, it is going to be a hard slog for China; it is dealing with what they have come in with since the last five years.
Senthil: You spoke about both the financial markets and the real estate market, they are both areas of challenge for China. Do you think they will be able to come out of this successfully?
A: I have always been amazed at how the Chinese have managed to get through this difficult balancing act but right now it is a very fraught issue because there is a huge amount of credit outstanding in the economy and although credit growth has slowed it is still growing at about 2-3 percentage points above nominal gross domestic product (GDP) growth which is about 9-10 percent and credit is growing at about 13 percent. So, in some sense the problem is still growing.
Now, what they have tried to do rather than increase credit expansion significantly is to use very targeted measures that try to direct credit to parts of the economy that can generate more employment growth in particular. However, that means they have to go back to the old ways of working which is telling banks how much to lend and who to lend it to. They have been trying very hard to get away from this but it is not been very easy to manage.
The housing market is much better under control than it was even a few months ago. They have managed to let some air out of it; in the first tier and second tier cities, the very large cities it is less of an imbalance right now. However, the third tier cities, the smaller ones where there is a lot of over capacity in the housing sector that is the real concern because now there is a lot of excess capacity and they are trying to manage the decline in prices but at the same time there is a lack of affordable housing in those very cities. So, it is conundrum that they have not been able to solve very effectively yet.
Menaka: Chinese government set its GDP target for this year that is 2014 at 7.5 percent. Many people believe that they will make it to 7.5 percent by the end of the year tally. The expectation is that the growth target for next year will be a lower one at 7 percent. Depending on how much faith you put into the data coming out of China what is that 7 percent really mean not just for China but more importantly for a global economy that’s suffering potential recession in the euro zone, Japan still trying to gets it act together. What will 7 percent growth for China mean?
A: China has been the biggest contributor to global growth since the financial crisis because the US economy is certainly picking up a lot of momentum right now. However, the Chinese economy despite a bit of a loss in momentum recently is still very fast. China is become very important in many markets around the world especially when you look at commodities China drives commodity demand at the margin around the world.
What is important is not whether China will get to the 7 or 7.5 percent next year. I am almost certain they will because they have a lot of space in terms of monetary and fiscal policies. The big question is how do they get there? If they get there as a part of a process of rebalancing the economy so that it is more consumption driven, it is going to be better for China and for the world in the long run. If they do it through again a burst of investment that is fuel by credit expansion that is not good for China and that is not going to be good for the world in the long run.
In the short run actually it may provide some degree of support to commodity demand which is very important to many emerging markets but also some small advanced economies like Canada and Australia which export a lot of commodities. Ultimately this will mean a lot more excess capacity in China and the only way they can grow out of that is by exporting all this excess capacity. There are already concerns that China may be exporting deflation to the rest of the world and given that many countries in the world especially Europe and Japan are already facing deflationary pressures; it is certainly not helpful. So, how China gets to this number of 7 percent is going to be the real crucial question in the year ahead.

India should allow banks to hold gold as reserves: WGCDec 09, 2014, 04.53 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
India should allow banks to hold gold as reserves: WGC
The world's second-biggest consumer of the metal should also consider setting up an exchange for transparent gold pricing and to streamline trade, according to a report commissioned by the World Gold Council (WGC).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India should allow banks to hold gold as reserves: WGC
The world's second-biggest consumer of the metal should also consider setting up an exchange for transparent gold pricing and to streamline trade, according to a report commissioned by the World Gold Council (WGC).
Post your opinion here
 
India should allow banks to use gold as part of their liquidity reserves, which would let them make more use of gold inside the country and reduce the need for imports, an industry body said on Tuesday, seeing that as an alternative to import curbs.
The world's second-biggest consumer of the metal should also consider setting up an exchange for transparent gold pricing and to streamline trade, according to a report commissioned by the World Gold Council (WGC).
"We have made our points to the government and some of these recommendations are in consideration," Somasundaram PR, head of the WGC's India operations, told Reuters. He did not elaborate.
Last year, struggling with a high trade deficit, India imposed a record 10 percent import duty on gold and a rule requiring a fifth of all imports to be re-exported. Bullion is the second-biggest item on India's import bill after oil.
The WGC says allowing banks to hold gold as part of their liquidity reserves would motivate them to introduce gold deposit schemes, which would in turn circulate existing bullion within the country, removing some of the need to import fresh supply.
"The solution to meeting India's enduring appetite for gold lies not in restricting the import of gold, but in making better use of the gold that is already in the country, making it a productive, fungible asset class like any other financial savings," Somasundaram said in a separate statement.
About 22,000 tonnes of gold is estimated to be held in Indian households.
Gold deposit schemes are already offered by banks but have not proved popular with consumers, who prefer to hold their gold in ornament form and would need strong incentives to give up heirlooms and wedding gifts.
Once the consumer deposits gold with the bank, it is refined to be sold to others. The consumer earns interest and receives gold bars when the term matures, regardless of what was originally deposited.
"At present, financial products linked to gold have been poorly marketed. If banks were able to include gold in their reserve calculations, they would be financially incentivised to innovate, market and explain gold-based products," the WGC report said.
The re-export rule was scrapped late last month to counter the smuggling and high premiums that had resulted.
Although the rules had curbed gold supplies entering India, consumer demand remained strong.
RELATED NEWS

RIL to enter textile JV with China s Shandon...Reliance Industries Ltd to enter textile JV with China's Shandong Ruyi
ET Bureau Dec 10, 2014, 02.50AM IST
Tags:
Reliance Industries Ltd
(The JV will leverage RIL’s existing…)
MUMBAI: Reliance Industries, which begun life as a textile company, has decided to hive off its oldest business into a joint venture with China's Shandong Ruyi Science and Technology Group Co, the Indian conglomerate said on Tuesday. The group diversified from trading to manufacturing textiles, largely polyester yarn, in the 1960s. Reliance Textiles was incorporated in 1966 and it is this company which later became Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) in 1985.
RIL is currently India's third largest private sector company by market capitalisation and the largest by far in revenues. RIL will hold a 51% stake in the new joint venture thus formed while the Chinese partner will hold the balance. The company sells products — primarily fabric for suits — under the 'Vimal' brand.
"Our joint venture with Ruyi Group will help Reliance reposition its textile business on a high growth path. Our partner's deep commitment and global reach in textile business will enable this JV to harness the growth potential of the Indian market and emerge as a global textile player," said Nikhil R Meswani, executive director, RIL. The proposed transaction is subject to obtaining requisite approvals. A RIL spokesman told ET that the two companies are yet to decide on the financial consideration.
The JV will leverage RIL's existing textile business and distribution network in India and Ruyi's state-ofthe-art technology and its global reach. It will expand the geography for the brand 'Vimal' besides introducing brands owned by Ruyi in India. RIL has a presence in Indian textile market, especially in the worsted and synthetic suiting fabric segments, while the $3 billion-Ruyi, a leading textile company in China, has a presence in America, Europe, Japan, Australia, New Zealand and China. Ruyi owns brands like 'Taylor & Lodge', 'Harris Tweed', 'Royal Ruyi China', 'Nogara Italy' and 'Indios Italy', among others. In India, Ruyi sells the 'Georgia Gullini' brand in the worsted suiting segment of the market. "This business operation and activities would get realigned to strengthen the JV," the press release said.
"With closer economic relations between China and India and Shandong Ruyi Group's expanding global presence in the textile sector, we see our joint venture with Reliance as a significant event for the group. To enter the Indian market with Reliance we truly believe in the bright future of this joint venture business," said Qiu Yafu, chairman, Shandong Ruyi Group.
India has been among the top three textile and apparel exporting nations in the world for the last three years. The CII-BCG report on 'Make in India' states that India is expected to grow as an exporter of textile and apparels but also that much of the potential is yet to be tapped.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Advanced Pinaka Mark-II successfully test firedARDE
(The tests were conducted…)
BALASORE (ODISHA): An advanced version of the indigenously developed Pinaka Mark-II rocket was successfully test fired today from a defence base in Odisha using a multi- barrel launcher.
The tests were conducted from the Proof & Experimental Establishment (PXE) at Chandipur firing range No.2, about 15-km from here, defence sources said.
"Four rounds of extended range, Mark-2 version of Pinaka rockets with more than 60-km range were successfully tested today," PXE director, R Appavu Raj, told PTI, adding that "some more rounds of test will be conducted in the next four days".
The sources said that the Pune-based Armament Research and Development Establishment ( ARDE ) of DRDO conducted the tests with logistical support from the PXE labs.
Pinaka, the unguided rocket system meant to neutralise large areas with rapid salvos, has undergone several tough tests since 1995. It has been inducted into the army and the present trials were conducted with some improvements.
The advanced version Mark-II rocket with a range of more than 60-km and capable of acting as a force-multiplier, was developed to supplement artillery guns, the sources said.
The quick reaction time and high rate of fire of the system would give the army an edge in low-intensity conflict situations, they said.
With a battery of six launchers, the Pinaka system can fire a salvo of 12 rockets in 44 seconds and can neutralise a target area of 3.9 sq.km. The system's capability for incorporating several types of warheads makes it deadly for the enemy as it can destroy solid structures and bunkers, the sources added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex ends below 28 000  nifty cracks 8 400 on global sell-offSensex ends below 28 000  nifty cracks 8 400 on global sell-off
CIL to e-auction surplus coal from mines wit...CIL
("Coal which is found surplus…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned Coal India Ltd has been asked to e-auction the surplus coal from those mines that have been facing evacuation constraints.
"Coal which is found surplus at the said mines (having serious evacuation constraints) after meeting the requirement ...shall be e-auctioned," the Coal Ministry has said in a letter to CIL.
Under e-auction, coal is sold at spot market price. There has been a large accretion of coal during this peak production season at mines which have serious evacuation constraints, said the ministry.
At the same time, coal needs to be made available to the FSA (Fuel Supply Agreement) holders on priority, it added.
The ministry further said that at the beginning of each month -- December-March of the ongoing fiscal, CIL will notify on its portal and the website of its subsidiaries, the quantity of coal likely to be surplus till month-end, at mines facing evacuation constraints.
"Requests will be invited simultaneously on the websites itself from the consumers of the following categories (power plants commissioned before 1.4.2009 having FSA's with the coal companies, power plants which have got commissioned after 1.4.2009 and which have FSA's) regarding the quantities of coal they can evacuate on their own till month end from the said mines," the ministry said.
The arrangement will be in place till March next year, it added.
Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal had earlier asked CIL to raise production from existing mines and reduce the quantity offered in e-auctions so that utilities can get more supplies of the fuel.
The company was directed to limit e-auctioning of coal to 25 million tonnes this year from 57 MT.
CIL, which accounts for over 80 per cent of the domestic coal production, mined 462 MT coal last fiscal, missing its target of 482 MT.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google s Nexus 6 to be available from Wedne...Google's Nexus 6 to be available from Wednesday for Rs 43,999
By PTI | 9 Dec, 2014, 06.18PM IST
Nexus 6 will be available on Flipkart for Rs 43,999 (32 GB) & Rs 48,999 (64 GB) versions. For Chromecast, Google partnered with Airtel & Snapdeal.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Google today launched the Nexus 6 smartphone which will be available from tomorrow at a premium price of Rs 43,999 in the country.
The company launched the smartphone as part of its great online shopping festival (GOSF), that will take place from December 10-12.
Apart from Nexus 6, Google launched Chromecast for Rs 2,999 and introduced some other products of companies like Lenovo , Asian Paints , Tata Housing and Van Heusen for GOSF.
"The GOSF's first edition took place in 2012 with 90 merchants and this year, we have 450 merchants. Consumer confidence to shop online is on the rise in India and in the last few weeks, over 5 million users have visited to gosf.in site," Google India Managing Director Rajan Anandan told reporters during the launch.
Nexus 6 will be available exclusively on Flipkart for Rs 43,999 (32 GB) and Rs 48,999 (64 GB) versions. For Chromecast, Google has partnered with Bharti Airtel and Snapdeal .
Existing broadband users of Airtel can access 60 GB of data for three months when they purchase a Chromecast, while new customers can get the same, and zero activation fee for their new broadband service.
Google said GOSF has been introduced with an objective to promote online shopping in India and the festival has been embraced by leading brands and e-Commerce players as a leading platform to engage buyers across all categories.
Anandan said India will have 100 million online shoppers by 2016.

Review of targets under INDCs by others not...Barack Obama
(Javadekar highlighted…)
LIMA (PERU): India today told the US that the review of targets under Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs) by other countries was not acceptable to it and the principle of Common But Differentiated Responsibility (CBDR) should be at heart of the Paris deal.
India's strong reaction came when Minister for Environment, Forests and Climate Change Prakash Javadekar met Head of the US delegation Senator Todd on the sidelines of UN Climate Change Summit at the Peruvian capital today.
The two leaders discussed key issues related to INDCs, pre-2020 ambitions and elements of the 2015 agreements including mitigation, adaptation, technology transfer framework and capacity building, as the Climate Change Summit here entered into crucial phase.
Javadekar told Todd that review of targets under INDCs by other countries was not acceptable to India.
He highlighted that principle of Common but differentiated Responsibility (CBDR) should be at heart of the Paris Agreement to be signed in December next year, according to an official statement.
His comments comes weeks after US President Barack Obama and his Chinese counterpart signed a historic deal in November under which the US would reduce emissions by 28 per cent by 2025 and China would reduce emissions by 2030.
The agreement between the two biggest polluters will provide momentum, and pressure, for other countries to announce similar plans.
For India, experts said, emissions reductions are only expected by 2040.
Since the Paris agreement will only come into effect in 2020, developed countries previously agreed that emissions reduction efforts would be ramped up between now and then.
The developed world has fallen short of its commitments. Any inaction on their part will likely fall onto the laps of countries like India in the post-2020 era in order to compensate.
Javadekar said that the target of 20,000 MW solar energy production had been increased to 100 GW during next five years which would save huge amount of coal.
The two leaders agreed to continue to work jointly to make the outcome of Lima summit positive and acceptable.
Javadekar also reiterated the need for technology upgradation through joint collaborative research and expressed concern at the availability of limited Carbon Space for the growth imperatives of developing countries.
The US delegation indicated that 1992 Annexes of the convention need to be redefined.
The Lima conference needs to provide final clarity on what the INDCs need to contain, including for developing countries who are likely to have a range of options from, for example, sector-wide emission curbs to energy intensity goals.
Meanwhile, Javadekar held a bilateral meeting with Xie Zhenhua, China's Vice-Chairman of National Development and Reform Commission.
The Ministers discussed issues of mutual interest relating to the ongoing negotiations on climate change including the recent joint statement by China and the US.
  They discussed in particular the state of play of negotiations under the Ad-hoc Working Group on Durban Platform and stressed the need to maintain and strengthen the unity of developing countries to achieve an ambitious, comprehensive and equitable outcome of the process, an official statement said.
Both the ministers emphasised that the outcome of negotiations under the convention must fully adhere to the principles of equity, common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities, it said.
They agreed that adaptation to climate change represents an urgent global priority and must be given equal emphasis in the new agreement.
The two ministers also called upon developed countries to urgently fulfil the pledges made by them to provide financial support to developing countries. They reiterated their common resolve to continue to work for a positive outcome of the Lima COP and agreed to meet again during the week to share views and coordinate positions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How should we interpret our constitutions: A debate with Alon HarelBy Will Baude December 9
Right before Thanksgiving I participated in a debate on constitutional interpretation with my visiting colleague Alon Harel (whose work I discussed here ). It was moderated (with great insight) by my colleague Richard McAdams as well. And then we took a lot of audience questions.
If you’re interested in listening to the event, you can hear it here . Alon’s comments begin at 0:01:28. Mine begin at 6:42. And I particularly enjoyed the question about oaths at 32:01, though all of the questions were great.
The whole thing was sponsored by the American Constitution Society and the Federalist Society. Thanks to them for putting together a great event.
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

Assembly elections: Jammu & Kashmir records 58 per cent polling in third phaseAssembly elections: Jammu & Kashmir records 58 per cent polling in third phase
CNN-IBN | Dec 09, 2014 at  07:06pm IST
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir recorded 58 per cent polling in the third phase of elections held on Tuesday, just days after serial terror attacks claimed the lives of 11 security personnel and two civilians.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and three of his cabinet colleagues are among 144 candidates whose fate have been sealed in the third phase of polling in 16 seats spread across Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla districts. Uri and Tral constituencies which were hit by terror attacks voted in the third phase of polls.
Security arrangements in all the three districts were strengthened in the wake of Friday's violence, where 21 persons including 11 security personnel and eight militants were killed in four incidents in the Valley.
Uri and Tral constituencies which were hit by terror attacks voted in the third phase of polls.
The first two phases of elections in the state saw a record turnout of over 70 per cent, with voters ignoring boycott calls by separatists and militant outfits.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

The legitimacy of Israels nation-state bill (I): comparative constitutionalismBy Eugene Kontorovich December 9
Israel’s proposed constitutional legislation to confirm its status as the “nation state” of the Jewish people has not only generated controversy within Israel, where it has helped bring down the current parliamentary coalition, but has also drawn criticism from the U.S. and Europe. The draft legislation has been decried as extreme and undemocratic. (To be clear, no draft bill has been approved, only a set of compromise principles for reconciling several rather different versions; apparently, people do not have to read the bill, or know any of its provisions, to oppose it.)
These objections do not hold water. For one, ensuring Israel’s status as a Jewish nation state is a goal expressly endorsed by the same critics, when it comes to pressuring Israel into diplomatic concessions. Second, the law is far from unusual by Western standards: it actually does far less to recognize Jewish nationhood or religion than provisions common in other democratic constitutions. This post will consider the general parameters of the legislation in comparison to constitutional provisions of other Western democracies. Tomorrow, a second post will relate the law to the “two state solution.”
The nation state bills mostly constitutionalize the national anthem, symbols, holidays, and so forth. There is nothing racist, or even unusual, about having national or religious character reflected in constitutional commitments, as research by my colleagues at the Kohelet Policy Forum demonstrates. Seven EU states have constitutional “nationhood” provisions, which typically speak of the state as being the national home and locus of self-determination for the country’s majority ethnic group. This is even the case in places like the Baltics, with large and alienated minority populations.
For example, the Latvian constitution opens by invoking the “unwavering will of the Latvian nation to have its own State and its inalienable right of self-determination in order to guarantee the existence and development of the Latvian nation, its language and culture throughout the centuries.” It continues by defining Latvian “identify” as “shaped by Latvian and Liv traditions, Latvian folk wisdom, the Latvian language, universal human and Christian values.”
Or consider the Slovak constitution, which opens with the words, “We the Slovak nation,” and lays claim to “the natural right of nations to self-determination.” Only then does it note the “members of national minorities and ethnic groups living on the territory of the Slovak Republic,” which are not part of the “We” exercising national self-determination.
Then there is language. Israel has Hebrew, the majority language, Arabic, and English (a leftover from the British Mandate) as its official languages – and new bill does not change that. This is very unusual. Most multi-ethnic, multi–lingual EU states give official status only to the language of the majority group. Spain’s constitution, for example, makes Castilian Spanish the sole official national language and requires all citizens to know it, even if their mother tongue is Basque or Catalan. Most exceptionally, Ireland grants “primary” official status to Gaelic, though only a small percentage of citizens actually speak it. This is an obviously enshrines the state’s special relation to the Irish ethnic group.
Then there is religion. Contrary to common conception, Judaism is not the official religion of Israel, the world’s only Jewish state. (It has no official religion, but all religious groups get funding from the government). Nothing in the proposed bills establishes a religion.
In this respect, Israel is far more liberal than the numerous European countries with an official religion. According to a study by the Pew Research Center , seven European countries (from Iceland to Greece) have constitutionally-enshrined official religions, despite large Moslem minorities, to say nothing of atheists and other Christian denominations. Moreover, in five European countries the head of state must actually belong to the official religion. In Israel, by contrast, the president certainly can be a non-Jew, and indeed a Druze has been one (on an acting basis).
It is noteworthy that most of the European constitutions affirming a particular national heritage are both recent and involve nations with sizable ethnic minorities. It is hard to understand why what works for them should be so widely denounced when it comes to Israel.
[Comments now enabled.]
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

Market regulator Sebi bars 4 entities from giving investment advisory servicesMarket regulator Sebi bars 4 entities from giving investment advisory services
AP capital: Singapore co to submit total vision reportAP capital: Singapore co to submit ‘total vision’ report
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 9:  
The International Enterprise Singapore, which has signed an MoU with Infrastructure Corporation of Andhra Pradesh for designing the master plan of state’s new capital around Vijayawada, will submit its “total vision” report within six weeks.
A 14-member team of officials from Singapore would conduct an aerial survey of the proposed capital region and hold interaction with officials of various departments over the next two days, Municipal Administration P Narayana told reporters here after a meeting of the Capital Advisory Committee with Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu on Tuesday. He said that “total design” of the proposed capital region will be ready in six months.
Andhra Pradesh and Singapore governments signed an MoU last night in the presence of Naidu and Singapore’s second minister for Trade and Industry S Iswaran, to cooperate in the master-planning, development and construction of the new capital as a modern, vibrant, sustainable and smart capital city.
“At the meeting, we have explained the features of all 13 districts of Andhra Pradesh, availability of land and water resources, ports and other infrastructure to the team from Singapore. We also briefed them about the canals, river, earthquake and flood-prone areas in the capital region. Accordingly, they will prepare a “total vision” with micro-level core capital area design in six weeks,” he said.
In the subsequent 10 weeks, the Singapore team would prepare detailed concept and infrastructure plans, including transportation plan, industrial and zonal plans for the capital region.
In the last eight weeks of the six-month plan, it would prepare the total urban designing plan with micro-level planning, the minister said.
A high-level committee, comprising three officials from AP government and three from Singapore would be set up in a day or two to oversee the master plan preparation process on a daily basis, Narayana said.
Singapore will collaborate with AP in drawing up a Capital Region Plan for the approximately 7,325 sq km area within the Vijayawada-Guntur-Tenali-Mangalgiri boundary.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

PEBS Pennar wins Insdag awardHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
PEBS Pennar wins Insdag award
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 9:  
Pennar Engineered Building Systems Limited (PEBS Pennar), a subsidiary of Pennar Industries Limited, has won award from Institute for Steel Development and Growth (INSDAG) in the National Competition for Professionals on Structural Steel Design and Construction for 2012-13.
PV Rao, MD, PEBS Pennar, received the award from Sajjan Jindal, Chairman and Managing Director of JSW Steel President of INSDAG at Mumbai on December 9. INSDAG is jointly promoted by Ministry of Steel and Steel Producers in India, according to a company statement.
PEBS Pennar has been chosen by an eminent jury consisting of Professors from IIT Roorkee and IIT Madras for this award for 99 clear span building designed and executed by it for Ultratech Cements, Kotputli, Rajasthan. PEBS Pennar is the first Pre-Engineered Buildings (PEB) company in India to design and construct a 99 metres clear span building in India.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Wipro leader in providing Oracle solution  says reportWipro leader in providing Oracle solution, says report
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bengaluru, Dec. 9 :  
Wipro has been positioned as a ‘Leader’ in Gartner Magic Quadrant Oracle Application Implementation Services, Worldwide 2014 report authored by Alex Soejarto and Susanne Matson.
The report evaluated 14 different software vendors on their completeness of vision and ability to execute. Bhanumurthy BM, Chief Executive, Application Business Unit & Strategic Alliances, Wipro said that this is a testimony to our proven global capability in providing solutions across the entire oracle stack which addresses fine nuances of industry specific processes.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

RBI: 701 finance firms fail to pay investors  moneyDec 09, 2014, 07.23 PM IST  | Source: PTI
RBI: 701 finance firms fail to pay investors' money
Jaitley said RBI is also in the process of taking action against erring companies that were not registered as Non- Banking Financial Companies
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RBI: 701 finance firms fail to pay investors' money
Jaitley said RBI is also in the process of taking action against erring companies that were not registered as Non- Banking Financial Companies
Post your opinion here
Complaints have been received against 701 finance companies in the past four years for
not paying investors' money.
"RBI has reported that there are 701 companies operating in different states/union territories which are not registered with the RBI, against whom complaints regarding non-payment of investors' money have been received or noticed by RBI during the last three calendar years and till November 20, 2014 in the current year," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in a written reply in the Rajya Sabha.
Since these companies are not registered with the Reserve Bank, such complaints are forwarded to Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), Economic Offences Wing and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) for action, Jaitley said.
He said RBI is also in the process of taking action against erring companies that were not registered as Non- Banking Financial Companies.
In 2012, MCA gave RBI a list of 34,754 companies of which 5,912 firms met the criteria to be treated as NBFCs, while 421 were not granted registration.Jaitley said: "...5,912 companies are prima-facie carrying on business of NBFI meeting the principal business criteria for a company to be treated as NBFC and required to be registered with RBI, out of which 421 are companies which were not granted registration/whose certificates of registration were cancelled.
"RBI is in the process of initiating action against erring companies."
In reply to a separate question on tax evasion petitions(TEPs) in Uttar Pradesh, Jaitley said 1,786 petitions were received by CBDT since July 1, 2014 which were forwarded to respective jurisdictional authorities for appropriate action. "Of these, 21 TEPs pertained to Saharanpur, Muzaffarnagar, and Meerut districts of Uttar Pradesh," he added. 
RELATED NEWS

Student stabbed in Brooklyn synagogue  assailant Video shows suspect in deadly standoff with police.By Abby Phillip and Peter Holley December 9 Follow @abbydphillip Follow @peterjholley
An emotionally disturbed man stabbed an Israeli student at a Jewish organization in Brooklyn early Tuesday, then was shot and killed by a police officer after lunging at him with a knife, authorities said. (AP)
One student is critically injured and his alleged assailant dead after a stabbing attack at a prominent Brooklyn synagogue overnight.
The incident, which was partially recorded on a disturbing video, occurred around 1:40 a.m. at the Chabad-Lubavitch world headquarters in Crown Heights, Brooklyn. And it has led to enhanced security measures around houses of worship in the city.
Calvin Peters, 49, who police say was “known” to the department, reportedly entered the sanctuary and encountered a group of students.  According to Crownheights.info , the man appeared “disturbed and was visibly agitated” but spoke with them for a few minutes, witnesses said. He asked them for a Bible, according to the New York Post. 
“I want to kill the Jew!” the New York Daily News reported that he screamed.
Suddenly, he pulled out a nine-inch knife and stabbed one of the students, 22-year-old Levi Rosenblat, in the left temple. As he bled, the student ran out of the synagogue seeking help. Friends told the Crown Heights news site that Rosenblat is from Israel.
“He’s a very serious student; he’d been studying all day,” Levi Deutsch, a witness, said according to the New York Post. “He was stabbed in the side of the head. He was conscious, but he was bleeding a lot.”
Rosenblat was transported to Kings County Hospital and is listed in stable condition.
“Tell me if you want me to kill you,” Peters, holding the knife, demanded of the men from the synagogue who calmly surrounded him.
“No, no,” said one.
When police arrived, they engaged in a standoff for several minutes. Officers with their guns pointed ordered Peters to drop the weapon repeatedly as witnesses stood by watching, in some cases pleading with him to cooperate.
Men in the synagogue also appeared to repeatedly ask officers on the scene not to shoot Peters.
According to video of the incident posted by the New York Post and Crownheights.info, the Peters eventually complied and put the knife on a nearby surface.
Warning: Video contains some graphic content.
Editor’s note: Video contains graphic content. Footage shows New York police fatally shooting a man in a Brooklyn synagogue after he stabbed a rabbinical student from Israel. (Reuters)
But as officers went to arrest him, he rushed over to pick up the weapon again. It is unclear from the video what happened next, but as Peters moved around the room in the direction of the officers, one of the officers shot the him once. According to the New York Police Department, the Peters “lunged” at one of the responding officers. The bullet struck him in the torso.
He was transported to Kings County Hospital, where he was later pronounced dead at around 3:15 a.m. Three officers who responded to the scene were treated at New York Methodist Hospital for tinnitus, or ringing in the ears.
Peters had a “history of being an emotionally disturbed person,” and “acting out” in other places, according to John Miller, deputy commissioner of intelligence & counter-terrorism for the NYPD.
“While we are very pained by everything that has unfolded, we are very grateful to the police for their quick response and are working closely with the authorities in their ongoing investigation,” said Chabad-Lubavitch Rabbi Motti Seligson in a statement according to the Daily News. “We commend the heroic efforts of the individuals who were present and took immediate action. If not for their intervention, the outcome could have been, G-d forbid, far worse.”
“We continue to pray for the young man who is in stable condition,” he added.
A spokesman for the NYPD said they could not comment on the investigation, but the hate crime division has been alerted to the incident.
In a press conference on Tuesday, Miller said that in response to concerns from houses of worship after the attack, there will be an enhanced police presence near places of worship in the city as a precaution. But he said there is no evidence to suggest that the attack was more than an “isolated incident.”
“That is to really address those concerns while we sort through the details here, not to suggest that we have any information that this had any connection to anything other than this individual and his problems at this time,” Miller said.
Even so, calls for increased security at the synagogue have already begun. Rabbi Chaim Miller, a decade-long Crown Heights resident, said he would like to see more security at the sanctuary, but worries it will impact the headquarter’s culture of openness, noting that it has always been home to the “weird and the wonderful.”
“One of the reasons I appreciate 770, besides it being the rebbe’s shul, that it’s so welcoming, non-judgmental, it’s got that very relaxed quality to it,” Miller told Haaretz . “This is really a violation of that openness.”
Regulars at the center said they had felt safe thanks to police being stationed nearby, but remain well aware of the fact that threats can manifest without warning, according to Haaretz. In 2008, a Chabad Lubavitch center in Mumbai, India was the scene of a terrorist attack that left six occupants dead. 
“People will have to figure out what’s the right way to provide security without diminishing the ability of the community to use the synagogue in the way that they have,” Rabbi Eli Cohen, who prays daily at the center, told Haaretz. 
The headquarters remained closed Tuesday morning, but reopened in the afternoon, according to the paper.
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip
Peter Holley is a general assignment reporter at The Washington Post. He can be reached at peter.holley@washpost.com.

Experts urge inclusion of e-commerce in GST frameworkExperts urge inclusion of e-commerce in GST framework
K. R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
India’s proposed goods and services tax (GST) system should explicitly cover e-commerce sector and also spell out the tax treatment for cross border international transactions in the digital space, say tax experts.
It will be a mistake if India does not seize the current opportunity and explicitly bring e-commerce within the ambit of the proposed GST architecture, David Raistrick, Global Managing Director-Indirect Taxes, Deloitte told Business Line here.
There is also a specific need that proposed GST framework cover cross-border (international) movement of goods and services through e-commerce space, Raistrick said.
Currently, India does not have any specific laws to regulate the e-commerce sector and the various tax laws does not have any enabling provisions to cater to the complex and rapidly evolving e-commerce space.
Prashant Raizada, Partner-IndirectTaxes, BDO India LLP, a professional services firm, said the proposed implementation of dual-GST could be a big boost for e-commerce sector.
This may not only alleviate the existing challenges but also bring about significant efficiencies to the e-commerce sector, giving them a much more competitive advantage vis-à-vis brick and mortar stores, Prashant said.
One of the principal issues would be the Rules for place of supply of services by the e-commerce players to the vendors under the marketplace model, he said.
“The much larger challenge under GST would be taxation of supplies of digital goods and services (goods supplied over the internet such as books, music etc) by the e-commerce players”, Prashant said.
Value Added Tax (VAT) on electronic commerce seems to be a challenging issue even for matured economies such as European Union, which is now coming up with a new set of rules governing ‘VAT on Electronic Services’ to come into effect from January 1,2015, he said.
The e-commerce sector in India has off late been facing challenges on the State VAT front with some notices being issued by Karnataka VAT authorities to one of the leading players.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Softbank representative meets AP CM ahead of CEO Sons visitSoftbank advisor meets AP CM ahead of CEO’s visit
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Dec 9:  
Softbank’s Executive Advisor Raman Nanda met Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu at the Secretariat to follow up on proposals to set up solar projects.
According to a statement from the Chief Minister’s Office, Nanda met energy department officials here and inquired about costs for the proposed solar projects.
Cost-effective
Later, during the meeting, the Chief Minister requested the Softbank executive to work with AP government officials on the manufacturing costs and making it cost-effective for consumers.
“We want you to work on reducing energy costs and manufacturing costs for this solar power project,” the Chief Minister told Nanda, adding that he would personally ensure that all bottlenecks are cleared and the process is hassle-free.
Japan visit
Nanda informed the Chief Minister that Softbank Chairman Masayoshi Son would visit him soon once they had a concrete plan. The Chief Minister suggested Nanda to work with Andhra Pradesh government in the IT sector.
During the Chief Minister’s visit to Japan, Softbank had announced its intention of setting up a 10,000 MW solar power project in next 3 years with an investment of $10 billion in India. Recalling his meeting with Son in Japan, the Chief Minister told Nanda he was impressed by Softbank’s predictions of India’s growth and Son’s vision to use renewable sources of energy.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

IEEE partners with Nasscom for skill developmentIEEE partners with Nasscom for skill development
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bengaluru, Dec 9:  
IT-ITeS Sector Skills Council Nasscom (SSC Nasscom), has approved and certified the alignment of curricula, developed by IEEE Computer Society, towards five industry identified job roles. 
IEEE Computer Society has used the approved curricula to design its own courseware, in a bid to reduce the skills gap for Indian technology workers who are just starting their careers. Further, IEEE Computer Society has developed its own courseware and training material in pursuance of the curricula aligned to the Quality Packs (QPs) concerned, to provide the necessary training for engineers with zero-to-two years’ experience.  
Sandhya Chintala, Vice President, NASSCOM and Executive Director, SSC NASCOM said: “SSC NASSCOM aims to drive, scale and sustain a powerful skill development initiative to create a skills ready workforce for the future of this industry." Angela Burgess, IEEE Computer Society Executive Director added that this partnership will provide education and training resources in furtherance of India's campaign to raise education and training levels to create a new generation. 
 
The training will be provided by IEEE Computer Society trained and approved ‘Registered Education Providers’ (REPs) based throughout India. Those completing the courses can aim to be assessed and certified as competent in the particular QP/job role, by SSC NASSCOM, the authorized QP standard setting and certifying body under NSDC, Government of India.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

SpiceJet cancellations likely to spell cold winter for tourism sectorSpiceJet cancellations likely to spell cold winter for tourism sector
Arijit Paladhi | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 07:42 PM IST
The tourism industry, including hotels, will bear the brunt of SpiceJet's en masse flight cancellations during the peak winter holiday season.
As other airplane operators will look to cash in on the opportunity, flight fares are likely to shoot up, adversely affecting travel plans for long-haul destinations. The struggling budget airline has cancelled 1,861 domestic flights for December.
This can potentially trigger a demand-supply mismatch, claim analysts. With scarcity of airplane seats, the market is likely to go into self-correction mode and raise prices.
"The lack of inventory (or air seats) will obviously impact prices. While we've seen about a 10 per cent increase in airfare coming into December, it's quite likely to rise further now, following SpiceJet's cancellations," said Sharat Dhall, president, Yatra, a travel portal.
As a result of increased prices, travel plans are likely to go awry.
Industry estimates suggest reduction of about 25-30 per cent of traffic to long-haul destinations because of the SpiceJet cancellations.
"Not more than five per cent of the people will be willing to opt for another airline if the rates shoot up. Tourism and hotel bookings will likely suffer that way," said Gour Kanjilal, executive director, Indian Association of Tour Operators.
Till now, large-scale cancellations in hotel bookings have not been observed, according to hospitality expert Achin Khanna, managing director, HVS, a hospitality consultancy service. But in the coming days, cancellation of hotel bookings may rise, analysts said, while hoping for a semblance of price normality is maintained.
However, short-haul destinations could gain from this. "We could see people travelling to places that are closer home if their original plan gets cancelled," said Dhall.
SpiceJet was recently told by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) to curtail its advanced bookings to one month. The financial health of the domestic operator has been a matter of concern for a while now.
The DGCA had also withdrawn 186 of its slots, or 93 flights, a week ago while asking the company to settle arrears on a priority.
 

Corporate failures  la carte menuDecember 9, 2014 11:55 am
An à la carte menu for corporate failure
Luke Johnson
Each sector has its recipe for disaster, such as rent in the restaurant trade and fraud at banks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a98d779a-7eb6-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Each sector has its recipe for disaster such as rent for restaurants and fraud at banks  writes Luke JohnsonDecember 9, 2014 11:55 am
An à la carte menu for corporate failure
Luke Johnson
Each sector has its recipe for disaster, such as rent in the restaurant trade and fraud at banks
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a98d779a-7eb6-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP has hidden agenda to separate Mumbai from Maharashtra:NCPBy: Press Trust of India |
Posted: December 9, 2014 8:07 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 8:08 pm
The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) alleged on Tuesday that the BJP has a hidden agenda to separate the metropolis of Mumbai from the state of Maharashtra.
NCP spokesman Nawab Malik had also tweeted on December 7 that Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis wants Prime Minister Narendra Modi to head a “civic authority” formed for the “development” of Mumbai city. This reveals the BJP’s “hidden conspiracy” to make Mumbai city a Centre-ruled state and take it away from Maharashtra.
“However, the NCP will not tolerate this geographical polarisation and if necessary launch an agitation to keep Mumbai an integral part of Maharashtra,” he said.
However, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis tweeted that the idea behind the civic panel headed by Prime Minister Modi is to facilitate “co-ordination” between various central Ministries and the state to develop Mumbai, which India’s financial capital into a “global commercial hub” by 2019.

Why should anybody distrust PM Fadnavis on appointment of PMcommitteBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 9, 2014 8:03 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 9:16 pm
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Tuesday asserted that Mumbai will not have a separate Chief Executive Officer (CEO) nor Prime Minster Narendra Modi committee would undermine powers of state. Fadnavis said, “From the very beginning I have always maintained that we would have a nodal officer in Delhi to relentlessly pursue the Mumbai projects which are languishing in different departments in Delhi.”
In the past also we had a nodal officer who would look after special Mumbai projects. CM Fadnavis added, “The purpose is to expedite the development of Mumbai. And why should any body object to the PM committee if it helps in quick execution of city projects that are delayed because of multi-departmental clearances at centre.”
Fadnavis said, “Why should anybody show such distrust against the prime minister of country? I am amazed at the manner in which some people are questioning the PM committee.”
He said, “I have very clearly stated that PM committee was essentially to pursue the projects which are struck in various union ministries at centre. The objective is to fast track the projects.”
While acknowledging that Modi has not given any consent to lead the committee so far, he said. “There are 100 projects related to Mumbai which are in various stages and requires centre’s clearances. If PM committee calls for a meeting to review the projects of Mumbai, it would move faster. Almost 90 per cent of the hurdles would get cleared while preparing for the PM meeting.”
The chief minister expressed his anguish over protest from political parties over PM committee. On Monday, Congress, NCP had questioned Fadnavis for giving away state rights to Modi. The Shiv Sena which is an alliance partner also expressed concern arguing they would not like to compromise their rights in BMC.
According to Fadnavis, “Almost all the Mumbai related projects require centre’s clearance. The coastal regulation zone norms have almost landed majority of the projects in ministry of environment. Now, we have Prakash Javdekar as union minister for environment who is taking decisions.”
Similarly, various other ministries are involved in the city projects. It would take just one meeting held by PM to expedite almost 90 per cent of the projects, he added.

Rahul Gandhi accuses Modi govt of undoing UPA flagshipschemesWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 9, 2014 7:41 pm
AICC vice-president Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday blamed the NDA government for undoing the major achievements of the UPA governments in the last decade and said the central idea of the government was to create communal tension.
Rahul was in the state capital addressing the valedictory function of the month-long political tour, Janapaksha Yatra, of Congress state president V M Sudheeran.
Referring to the UPA flagship schemes, rural job guarantee scheme and food security programme, Rahul said we tried to support the people with various programmes. “We did all these, because people are the energy of the nation. But, one man sitting in Delhi thinks he can change India,” said Rahul.
On the NDA government decision to limit the rural job guarantee scheme, Gandhi said money is taken away from poor people and given to corporate groups. He also charged the government for taking away the power of the people in the land acquisition policy, which ensured that people were heard in the issue.
“The Prime Minister says you should clean the country. The PM says that all MPs should adopt a village in their constituency to transform it into a model village. My constituency has 700-odd villages. If I adopt one village, what I am supposed to do with the rest of the villages. There is no answer to that,” said Rahul.
Referring to BJP’s promise to bring back black money within 100 days, Gandhi said you have done nothing to get back the black money.
“One thing I have noticed about you. Wherever there is an election, there is communal violence. There were riots in UP, Maharashtra, Haryana and Jharkhand,” said Rahul.
He said the central idea of NDA is to make communities fight between people and run the government to serve the interest of a few people. “What had happened in the last six months is going to repeat for next four years. Although the NDA government has announced several projects such a model village and clean India, but nothing concrete is going to happen.”
He said the Congress job is very clear: “To give power to the people and create harmony among them. When people get tired of the fake dreams of the NDA, they would come back to Congress.”
Although Congress groups in Kerala were not fully co-operating with Sudheeran during his month-long yatra, Gandhi said the yathra was in the right perspective. He congratulated Sudheeran for taking up social issues during the political tour.

Nobel prize opportunity to fight for children: Satyarthiprint
 Child rights activists India's Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai on Tuesday said the Nobel peace prize gives them tremendous opportunity in their fight and struggle for children's rights.
"Even if one single child is in danger then the entire world is in danger," Satyarthi said here at a joint press conference with Malala on the eve of award ceremony.
Satyarthi, 60, and Malala, 17, will share $ 1.1 million Nobel Peace Prize on Wednesday.
"This prize is very important for millions and millions of children who have been denied their childhood...As I am talking to you there are millions of children who are denied this freedom, we need to work for them," he said.
"There are children who are sold like animals...children who are forced into prostitution.. The children who are made hostages. The children who are made child soldiers," he said, adding that this Nobel peace prize gives tremendous opportunity in the fight and struggle for children's rights.
Satyarthi gave up his job as an electrical engineer to run NGO Bachpan Bachao Aandolan (Save Childhood Movement) in India for rescuing children from forced labour and trafficking.
"We have to work towards peace for children and children for peace... We have to create such a world," he said.
Describing Malala as his daughter, he said she is the bravest child one can think of.
Malala, who survived a near-fatal Taliban attack two years ago with determination advocating education for girls, said she is proud to be a Muslim.
"We strongly believe in Islam. Islam is a religion of peace, but unfortunately there are people who don't know about this religion," she said, referring to Taliban militants.
Malala said that education is not restricted to a group, Malala said that education is not restricted to a group, it's essential for everyone. "It is a necessity of life."
"Why are we fighting for something which we deserve? It is our right to go to school. Why should we fight for something we deserve?" she asked.
"Children don't ask for iPads, they just want a book and a pen," the Pakistani child rights activist said.
"You have to speak for yourself, learn to fight for yourself," she said, adding that "when you take a step, raise your voice, then things changes."
Since 1901, the Nobel Prizes have been presented to the Laureates at ceremonies on December 10, the anniversary of Alfred Nobel's death.
The Nobel Peace Prize will be presented by the Chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee in the presence of King Harald V and Queen Sonja, the government, representatives of Storting -- the supreme legislature of Norway -- and an invited audience.

Google s Nexus 6 to be available from tomorrow for Rs 43999Dec 09, 2014, 07.57 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Google's Nexus 6 to be available from tomorrow for Rs 43999
The company launched the smartphone as part of its great online shopping festival (GOSF), that will take place from December 10-12.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Google's Nexus 6 to be available from tomorrow for Rs 43999
The company launched the smartphone as part of its great online shopping festival (GOSF), that will take place from December 10-12.
Post your opinion here
 
Google today launched the Nexus 6 smartphone, which will be available from tomorrow at a premium price of Rs 43,999 in the country.
The company launched the smartphone as part of its great online shopping festival (GOSF), that will take place from December 10-12.
Apart from Nexus 6, Google launched Chromecast for Rs 2,999 and introduced some other products of companies like Lenovo, Asian Paints, Tata Housing and Van Heusen for GOSF.
"The GOSF's first edition took place in 2012 with 90 merchants and this year, we have 450 merchants. Consumer confidence to shop online is on the rise in India and in the last few weeks, over 5 million users have visited to gosf.in site," Google India Managing Director Rajan Anandan told reporters during the launch.
Nexus 6 will be available exclusively on Flipkart for Rs 43,999 (32 GB) and Rs 48,999 (64 GB) versions. For Chromecast, Google has partnered with Bharti Airtel and Snapdeal.
Existing broadband users of Airtel can access 60 GB of data for three months when they purchase a Chromecast, while new customers can get the same, and zero activation fee for their new broadband service.
Google said GOSF has been introduced with an objective to promote online shopping in India and the festival has been embraced by leading brands and e-commerce players as a leading platform to engage buyers across all categories.
Anandan said India will have 100 million online shoppers by 2016.
RELATED NEWS

Ericsson launches education initiative 
 
Telecom company Ericsson on Tuesday launched of its global education initiative ‘Connect to Learn’ in India to promote access to learning resources and quality education for children, the company said in a statement.
As a part of the programme, Ericsson in association with three leading non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in India -- Plan International (India Chapter), Smile Foundation and Pratham Education Foundation has launched projects for periods of one to three years, for underprivileged students and urban youth in the country. 
With Smile Foundation, it will offer job-oriented skills and placement assistance to underprivileged youth in NCR and Mumbai which would impart training in basic computers and retail sales management skills, along with proficiency in spoken and written English through 20 centres, the statement added.
The company with Plan India will establish 12 networked learning centres in Delhi as knowledge hubs for girls.
As a part of the third project, Ericsson will collaborate with Pratham Education Foundation to establish Learning Excellence Programme in about 15 schools in the villages of Gurgaon.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

EPFO mulls enhancing exposure in private sector bondsEPFO mulls enhancing exposure in private sector bonds
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 07:58 PM IST
Retirement fund body EPFO trustees will consider a proposal to increase the limit for investment in private sector bonds from existing 10 per cent to 15 per cent in their meeting scheduled on December 19.
"..in order to utilise the opportunity of earning best possible returns from the available pool of private sector companies it is proposed to increase the limit in private category upto 15 per cent from existing 10 per cent," the agenda for the trustees' meet stated.
As much as 10 per cent of incremental investment is allowed in the private sector category as per the current investment guidelines.
According to the agenda, with the adoption of new pattern of investment from January 1 this year the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) has been permitted to undertake investment in private sector category dual AAA rated banks Term Deposit.
As a result, large chunk of private category investments have gone into such papers fetching good returns.
At present, investment in private category bonds has not been more than 4 per cent of the total allotted 10 per cent, mainly due to very restrictive guidelines making eligible very few private sector companies.
The investment pattern notified by Labour Ministry in November last year permits investment in Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) category and Private Category upto 55 per cent of the corpus.
EPFO manages a corpus of over Rs 6 lakh crore. It had received an incremental deposits over Rs 70,000 crore last fiscal.
The body is expected to receive around Rs one lakh crore during the current financial year. It has a subscriber base of over five crore.

Food law: Centre calls meet of 25 states on WednesdayFood law: Centre calls meet of 25 states on Wednesday
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 07:46 PM IST
The Centre has called tomorrow a meeting of Food Secretaries of 25 states/UTs, which have not implemented the National Food Security Act even though Parliament had passed the legislation more than a year ago.
The meeting will be chaired by Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan. It would review the preparedness of these 25 states/ Union Territories (UTs) to implement the food security law, which was passed by Parliament in September last year.
So far, only 11 states/UTs have implemented the food security law, which provides legal entitlement to 5 kg of subsidised foodgrains per person per month to two-third of the country's population.
"A conference of Food Secretaries of 25 states/UTs, which have not yet started implementation of the National Food Security Act, has been convened by the Centre here tomorrow," an official statement said today.
The main objective of the conference is reviewing the preparedness of these states/UTs to implement the Act and progress in end-to-end computerisation of Targeted Public distribution System (TPDS), the statement added.
The Food Security Act, which came into force from July 5 last year through an Ordinance, provided a period of one year for identification of eligible households, as per the criteria which was to be evolved by states themselves.
"As many states had not completed the exercise of identification at the end of one year, the period had to be extended first by three months and then by another six months up to first week of April, 2015," it added.
Earlier this month, the Centre had called a review meeting of Food Secretaries of 11 states/UTs where the law has been implemented.
These 11 states/UTs are Bihar, Chandigarh, Chhattisgarh, Delhi, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Punjab and Rajasthan.
Full implementation of the law would increase the Centre's food subsidy bill by Rs 25,000 crore to Rs 1.31 lakh crore while the grains requirement would rise by 6-8 million tonnes from the current 55 million tonnes annually.
Under the law, the Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) households, poorest of the poor, will continue to receive 35 kg of foodgrains per family a month.

Delhi rape case: NCP slams Nitin Gadkari for opposing decision to ban UbertaxisMumbai |
Posted: December 9, 2014 7:57 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:10 pm
NCP on Tuesday hit out at Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari for opposing the decision to ban the cab services of Uber across the country.
NCP spokesman Nawab Malik said Gadkari’s comment reflect as if he was a minister of the USA and not India.
In a tweet, Malik said, “Shame on you Mr Gadkari. Are you Transport Minister of India or USA? You are supporting Uber instead of standing by the victim.”
The government’s decision to stop the private taxi service by Uber across the country today evoked mixed reactions from political parties.
While a section, including Union Road Transport and Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari was not in favour of stopping the services of Uber, few MPs favoured action against the taxi service provider.
“New developments are taking place in the transport system through electronics. Banning the railways for train accidents, bus for bus accidents and taxis is not correct,” Gadkari said outside Parliament House in New Delhi.

http://usat.ly/1yLUNOrFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Michigan weighs 200% interest on car-backed loans
Michigan's pawnbrokers are unlikely allies with advocates for low-income families to block proposed legislation that would allow some high-cost car title loans in Michigan.  A Senate bill, sponsored by
Post to Facebook
Michigan weighs 200% interest on car-backed loans Michigan's pawnbrokers are unlikely allies with advocates for low-income families to block proposed legislation that would allow some high-cost car title loans in Michigan.  A Senate bill, sponsored by Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D3uB5G
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Michigan weighs 200% interest on car-backed loans
Susan Tompor, Detroit Free Press 10:10 a.m. EST December 9, 2014
Cars make their way slowly on the eastbound lanes of Interstate 696 near Detroit
(Photo: David Guralnick, AP)
113 CONNECT 3 TWEET LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Michigan's pawnbrokers are unlikely allies with advocates for low-income families to block proposed legislation that would allow some high-cost car title loans in Michigan.
A state Senate bill, sponsored by outgoing Senate Majority Leader Randy Richardville, a Republican from Monroe, Mich., would allow consumers to borrow money against their car titles, while keeping the car, and be charged fees of 20% a month — or effectively an annual percentage rate of more than 200%.
Not surprisingly, many consumer groups charge that the car title loans are predatory and exploit people who already are having trouble paying their bills. Borrowers may have bad credit and find the ads for "no credit check" appealing.
"People are going to go to these (loans) because they're not getting credit elsewhere," said Ross Yednock, program director for the Michigan Economic Impact Coalition, which works with individuals and groups committed to improving access to free income tax preparation assistance.
Michigan pawnbrokers say they're against the bill, which would amend the existing pawnbrokers law.
Mark Aubrey, owner of Motor City Pawn Brokers and president of the Michigan Pawnbrokers Association, said, "We're actively fighting this in Lansing currently."
He pointed out that pawnbrokers can charge up to 3% a month now, plus $1 a month or part of a month for storage, and do not want to move into car title lending.
"We don't want to be in the same category as the title lenders," Aubrey said. "They're trying to plug in title lending into the pawnbrokers act."
Amber McCann, a spokeswoman for Richardville, said the bill would enable individuals to decide if they want to use their vehicle as an asset for a loan.
Consumers who own their cars outright and have a clean title would be able to obtain a loan through a pawnbroker under the bill.
She said Richardville has talked to a number of stakeholders, including financial institutions and those in the auto industry, and he is not aware of opposition to the bill.
But consumer groups are reaching out to the news media to put a stop to any potential action in Lansing.
In Michigan, a company may make loans by placing a lien on the title of the automobile, but they are not allowed to take the title in exchange for the loan, said Andrea Miller, public information officer for the Michigan Department of Insurance and Financial Services.
113 CONNECT 3 TWEET LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1D3uB5G
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

http://usat.ly/1yyAVKKFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Teamsters urge Facebook to boost pay for shuttle drivers
In a letter addressed to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, the Teamsters union is urging the social network to improve pay and benefits for shuttle bus drivers. The letter from Rome Aloise, International Vice
Post to Facebook
Teamsters urge Facebook to boost pay for shuttle drivers In a letter addressed to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, the Teamsters union is urging the social network to improve pay and benefits for shuttle bus drivers. The letter from Rome Aloise, International Vice Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D3mw0O
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Teamsters urge Facebook to boost pay for shuttle drivers
Brett Molina , 10:31 a.m. EST December 9, 2014
The home page for Facebook.
(Photo: Karen Bleier, AFP/Getty Images)
41 CONNECT 28 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Teamsters union is urging Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to improve pay and benefits for shuttle bus drivers.
In a letter obtained by USA TODAY, Teamsters official Rome Aloise called on Zuckerberg to amend Facebook's contract with Loop Transportation, the contractor who employs the drivers, to allow for improved wages.
"Facebook has the opportunity to change the course of events for workers who have watched silently on the sidelines as their passengers have reaped the rewards of the tremendous growth in the tech industry," Aloise,  International Vice President and Secretary-Treasurer of Teamsters Local 853, wrote to Zuckerberg last week.
Facebook did not offer comment at the time of publishing.
The Teamsters are negotiating a contract with Loop Transportation. Last month, shuttle bus drivers voted to join the Teamsters union in an effort to secure better pay, benefits and working conditions.
Facebook shuttle bus drivers vote to join Teamsters union
Tech giants like Facebook, Apple and Google outsource service jobs such as bus drivers, security guards and janitors to save money.
But many of these jobs come with low pay and few if any benefits, making it tough for workers to make ends meet in Silicon Valley, one of the nation's most expensive spots.

http://usat.ly/1wvdO8LFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Uber lets riders help fight child hunger
Uber is partnering with giving program No Kid Hungry, which will include an update to their ride-sharing apps that lets users make donations. Starting today, Uber riders will be able to make $5 donations to
Post to Facebook
Uber lets riders help fight child hunger Uber is partnering with giving program No Kid Hungry, which will include an update to their ride-sharing apps that lets users make donations. Starting today, Uber riders will be able to make $5 donations to Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D3lxxQ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Uber lets riders help fight child hunger
Brett Molina , 9:30 a.m. EST December 9, 2014
A screenshot of the Donate button on the Uber app, available through this week.
(Photo: Uber)
32 CONNECT 32 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Uber is partnering with giving program No Kid Hungry, which will include an update to their ride-sharing apps that lets users make donations.
Starting today, Uber riders will be able to make $5 donations to support No Kid Hungry by pushing a button directly from the Uber app. The donate option will be available to Uber riders in 100 cities.
"It's just a very seamless way for people to get involved," says David Plouffe, Uber's vice president of policy and strategy.
Later this week, Uber will host Lunch Pop-Ups and UberCHEF to deliver on-demand meals to users, with all proceeds going to No Kid Hungry. The goal of the week-long holiday campaign is to help provide 3 million meals to children in need.
"This partnership, by being able to do something as easy as hit your button on the app to donate, we think it's going to bring a significantly large number of new people into this anti-hunger work," says Billy Shore, founder and CEO of Share Our Strength.
Uber announcement's arrives as the ride-sharing upstart has navigated a series of PR missteps, most notably concerns over privacy in the wake of reports that an executive was tracking the personal ride data of a journalist.
The service has also encountered continued scrutiny over its operations, including a lawsuit filed by Portland, Ore., over running its service illegally.
Plouffe says Uber will soon address worries raised by consumers and lawmakers over how it handles rider and driver data. "We have strong practices in place," he says. "We're eager to help set a high standard here in terms of data and privacy protection."
Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23 .
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1D3lxxQ
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Vodafone transfer pricing case: Final order likely tomorrowDec 09, 2014, 08.21 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Vodafone transfer pricing case: Final order likely tomorrow
The Bombay High Court had in February directed the tribunal to hear both parties expeditiously and pass a ruling at the earliest.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Vodafone transfer pricing case: Final order likely tomorrow
The Bombay High Court had in February directed the tribunal to hear both parties expeditiously and pass a ruling at the earliest.
Post your opinion here
 
The heated debate between Vodafone India and the Income Tax Department on the Rs 8500 crore  transfer pricing case will be put to rest as The Income Tax Appellate Tribunal or ITAT’s is expected to pronounce its final order on the case tomorrow.
The case pertains to sale of call centre business to Hutchison Whampoa Properties India and assignment of call options to Vodafone International BV in 2007-08.
The Bombay High Court had in February directed the tribunal to hear both parties expeditiously and pass a ruling at the earliest.
RELATED NEWS

Traders watching US dollar vs. Chinese yuantraders watching us dollar vs. chinese yuan
Chick-fil-A launches mobile ordering  pre-pay in Chicago0
The company, based in College Park, Ga., is expanding its mobile ordering platform from select locations to 130 restaurants in six cities. Customers using the app can pick up orders at a dedicated counter, request food to be delivered to their table, or have it brought out to their waiting car.
Employees only start preparing the food when a customer checks in at the restaurant via the app, said Khalilah Cooper, who leads Chick-fil-A’s digital ordering strategy.
Customers can find lines daunting, particularly during peak hours and in the drive-thru, Cooper said.
“What we found is there’s a perception that if the line is long, there’s a long wait,” Cooper said. She said the app could entice customers to choose a meal from Chick-fil-A regardless of lines.
Survey data shows that about half of mobile device owners wish more restaurants offered an app to order ahead and skip lines, said Jordan McKee, 451 Research senior analyst for mobile payments. He said more quick-service restaurants are offering or testing mobile payment or ordering solutions.
Some merchants, like Chick-fil-A, ask customers to load money onto their apps in an effort to save on credit card processing fees, McKee said. That tends to work for loyal customers but may put off new diners who are hesitant to commit funds to a single restaurant brand.
The order-ahead option may offset that hesitation but, “the fact that you still have to dedicate funds ahead of time toward the application is a bit of a drawback in a lot of instances,” McKee said.
Lauren Silich, owner and operator of the Chick-fil-A at Chicago and Wabash avenues, likes the order-ahead option and the ability for customers to make requests as specific as asking for three packets of salt, for example.
Silich also said customers can place orders whenever they have time, even well in advance of when they want to pick it up, because the food will be prepared only when the customer checks in. 
“I think it allows us, especially in a downtown environment, to compete in speed,” Silich said.
Chick-fil-A expects to make mobile ordering available in its more than 1,600 locations nationwide by the end of 2016, Cooper said.

Gold  silver rise on good buying  positive global cuesGold  silver rise on good buying  positive global cues
Axis Bank starts 20-yr home loan scheme at fixed rate of 10.4%Axis Bank starts 20-yr home loan scheme at fixed rate of 10.4%
Youth booked for abductionYouth booked for abduction
Indian cos give hospital coverage only to employee  dependentsIndian cos give hospital coverage only to employee  dependents
WTO s ruling on steel dispute with US a big victory: IndiaWTO s ruling on steel dispute with US a big victory: India
NRC appoints Savita Acharya as additional directorNRC appoints Savita Acharya as additional director
Modi Government has not done anything for people:RahulModi Government has not done anything for people:Rahul
Board has the power to keep recreation center locked1
Does the board have the right to keep our recreational facility locked as a default and deny hundreds of unit owners access because of the actions of a few?
A: The board of a condominium association has broad powers to administer the common elements of its association in a reasonable manner as it deems fit. This power, codified in section 18.4 of the Condominium Act, would include keeping common element facilities locked. While it may appear draconian for a recreational facility to be locked all the time as a default, it is not unheard of for associations to do so for security purposes.
Q: I live in a condominium association and our board just hired a new management company. As a result, the new company altered our routine practice the night of the annual meeting.
In the past, the association's annual meeting was conducted first and then a board meeting was conducted, with the newly elected board members adopting the next year's budget. This year, our board held a regular board meeting before the annual meeting to adopt the budget and then held the annual meeting. Is this an allowable procedure?
A: Legally speaking, a board meeting may be held before or after the annual meeting with proper notice and quorum. There is no difference and either order is valid. Merely, the budget must be adopted pursuant to the requirements of the Condominium Act and association bylaws to adopt an annual budget.
Q: I live in a town house community association consisting of about 50 town houses. Our association has reserve funds equaling about $4,100 per home with an average monthly assessment of about $365 per home. Our property does not have recreational facilities. Operating and reserve funds cover repair and maintenance of common areas and the exterior of the homes. How much money on an average basis per town house should the association have in its reserves?
A: For a community association, the requirements for its reserve fund are found in its declaration and bylaws. The Common Interest Community Association Act does not dictate the amount of reserve funds that must be kept by a community association, but requires that annual budgets identify which portion of the budget is intended for reserves and capital expenditures or repairs.
Almost all declarations and bylaws require "reasonable" reserves (as determined by the association's specific circumstances) and not a specific dollar amount.

NSA s surveillance a  trade barrier  for EU companies: EU official1
"The law ... which empowers the NSA to basically grab everything which comes from outside the United States, is a real trade barrier to a European digital company to provide services to Americans inside America," Nemitz, who is overseeing an overhaul of the EU's 20-year-old data protection rules, said at a conference on data protection in Paris.
In other words, an American in the United States using a European service does not have the same level of protection as he would if he used an American service. Using a European service, his communication is transmitted outside the United States, so it is subject to interception.
The comments underscore the widespread unease within Europe about access to people's data by both security services and companies. They also come at a time when Brussels and Washington are renegotiating a data-sharing agreement - called Safe Harbour - used by over 3,000 companies.
The Safe Harbour agreement makes it easier for U.S. companies to do business in Europe by certifying that their handling of user data meets EU data-protection laws.
Last year's revelations by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden about the agency's surveillance of Europeans' electronic communications sent shockwaves across Europe. It prompted the Commission to demand concessions from the United States as a condition for not suspending the Safe Harbour agreement.
Under U.S. law, broad collection of e-mail to, from or about foreigners is allowed. Privacy campaigners say that under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, security services do not have to prove that intercepting a foreign citizen's electronic communications is necessary for national security reasons.
The Commission is pushing for Washington to guarantee that it will only access Europeans' personal data for national security reasons when it is strictly necessary, as it does with U.S. citizens' data.
The EU is also negotiating a new pan-European data- protection law which would impose stiff fines on companies mishandling personal data in Europe.
Companies in both the United States and the EU have lobbied against some parts of the new rules, arguing that they will impose too much red tape on businesses.
But French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said at the same data-protection conference that high standards of privacy would attract companies looking to regain customers' trust in the wake of the Snowden revelations.
"The European standard of data protection is not an obstacle to economic activity," Valls said. "Europe must make data protection an argument for attractiveness and competitiveness."
(Reporting by Julia Fioretti; Editing by Larry King)

What s in McNuggets McDonald s Will Show YouMcDonald's shows how McNuggets are really made
Ben Popken TODAY
McDonald's new video shows how McNuggets are made.
What's really in McDonald's chicken McNuggets? 
As the chain Monday announced its worst monthly U.S. sales in a decade, McDonald's is trying something new to lure health-conscious consumers back into stores: telling them exactly what's in its food.
To dispel rumors that its nuggets are currently made with "pink slime," or chicken beaks, or something else entirely, the fast food chain released a new video taking viewers inside a plant where McNuggets are formed.
With former Mythbusters host Grant Imahara, paid by McDonald's to act as trusty guide, the camera delves into what really goes into a McNugget: It's just chicken.
Delicious, grey, chicken, ground into a slurry and poured into molds. 
"This is known as 'radical transparency,'" said Barbara Lippert, advertising expert and MediaPost Editor-at-Large. A previous video by the fast food chain in this vein showed how the cult-favorite "McRibs" are formed.
"Sales are declining because people are getting more health-conscious," said Lippert. "So no matter how unappetizing the food looks in these videos, it's still better than pink slime and beaks, and then McDonald's gets to look like an open book, and a good corporate citizen."
Who's hungry?
Email ben.popken@nbcuni.com or tweet @ bpopken .
Tags:

How to Control Money and Holiday SpendingCopyright ©2014 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Part of HuffPost Business - AOL Money & Finance
Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.
Notify message

Marching for Congressional Action on Police Brutalityreddit
On Saturday, Dec. 13, thousands will join the families of Eric Garner, Trayvon Martin, Akai Gurley and Michael Brown as they and National Action Network and other civil-rights organizations gather in Washington, D.C., for a march against police violence.   Right now the nation is engaged in a thorough conversation about race, policing and healing.  While this dialogue is necessary and long overdue, we need more than just talk; we need legislative action that will shift things both on the books and in the streets.  President Obama announced a task force that will report back to him in 90 days with concrete recommendations, and he has also proposed millions in federal matching funds to provide body cameras for some 50,000 police officers.  But what happens when he is no longer in the White House?  Congress must immediately start hearings to deal with laws that will change the jurisdiction threshold for federal cases and policing.  The executive branch has addressed this most pressing issue, and now it's time the legislative branch do the same.
During the '50s and '60s people organized, marched, boycotted and literally put their lives on the line for the sake of progress.  But they didn't do it just for President Kennedy to take action; they continued until congressional laws were passed.  They pushed their message forward until things like the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Fair Housing Act of 1968 became codified into law.  Today our battle is against police brutality and excessive force.  When local prosecutors fail to conduct a fair grand-jury investigation at the state level, as happened in Ferguson and Staten Island recently, the threshold is so high for the federal government to be able to take over the case.  That must change.  We cannot continue to allow prosecutors who work with police regularly to then be in charge of cases investigating those same officers and police departments.  That is a complete conflict of interest.  And in order for federal authorities to step in, we must reform current laws.
I have been involved in the fight against police brutality and misconduct for most of my life.  Looking into a mother's or father's eyes as they search for answers, for justice, never gets easier.  But it is up to us to demand the changes we need to see implemented.  As National Action Network and I were involved from day one in both the Ferguson and Staten Island cases, and as I said in my eulogy for both Michael Brown and Eric Garner, we need federal intervention without delay.  The state has already proven that it cannot do the job.  We are heartened to see many groups spontaneously take the movement to new levels across the country.  This is an idea whose time has come.  There will be those who will continue to say that we need to have a discussion.  A discussion is necessary, as long as there is follow-through with decisive action.  Otherwise, as the saying goes, talk is just cheap.
On our journey toward greater equality and fairness, many will try to ridicule us.  They will attempt to divide us and paint us as something we are not.  It is up to those of us who would like to live in a country where people are not profiled, harassed, arrested, beaten or killed because of their background or what they look like to keep pushing forward.  Our detractors will use the actions of a few bad apples to condemn us all, but we know that our movement is peaceful and our cause just.
Our greatest civil-rights leader, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., once said:
History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people.
Do not be silent. Do not be complacent. Do not continue to live with police misconduct and violence as somehow acceptable.  We are not anti-police; we are anti-police-brutality.  And today we challenge Congress to follow in the president's footsteps and take legislative action to protect us, the citizens.
Those who came before us sacrificed so that we may have a more just future.  Now we must do the same for the generations that will come after us.  As most Americans agree that we need some kind of reform, we head to the nation's capital to answer what exactly we must change and how. See you on Saturday.
Click here for more information on joining the march in Washington, D.C., on Dec. 13, 2014.
Follow Rev. Al Sharpton on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TheRevAl
More:

Typhoon Hagupit: Storm exits  sparing Philippines of huge lossesBy: Associated Press | Manila |
Posted: December 8, 2014 5:42 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 11:16 am
A storm that started as a frighteningly powerful typhoon started to blow away from the Philippines Tuesday, after leaving at least 21 people dead and forcing more than a million into shelters.
Typhoon Hagupit (pronounced HA’-goo-pit) dissipated into a tropical depression after crossing Lubang Island, 135 kilometers (84 miles) southwest of Manila, and was blowing into the South China Sea, forecasters said.
Batangas, the last major province lashed by Hagupit overnight, has so far not reported any casualties or major damage, echoing similar assessments from many central Philippines provinces spared of major losses.
“With God’s grace, there are zero casualties and no injuries because we were able to prepare,” said Mayor Rodolfo Manalo of Batangas’ idyllic San Juan town, a flood-prone coastal community popular for its beach resorts, where more than 2,800 villagers fled to a public gymnasium before the storm slammed ashore.
Many of the archipelago’s central provinces were still reeling from last year’s monster Typhoon Haiyan, which left more than 7,300 people dead or missing and a massive trail of destruction, fueling worries about Hagupit as it approached from the Pacific with menacing gusts of 250 kph (155 mph) last week.
Those concerns meant more than a million people readily fled from villages in the path of Hagupit _ Filipino for “smash” or “lash _ into government emergency shelters.
Hagupit left at least 21 people dead, many of whom drowned in Eastern Samar province, where the typhoon made its first landfall, according to the Philippine Red Cross. The government disaster-response agency has reported only 11 deaths, saying it was still verifying other reported casualties.
Although Hagupit blew in from the Pacific with enormous force, seasonal cold winds blowing down from China deprived it of the warm and humid seas where it draws power. The typhoon, the 18th to batter this disaster-prone country this year, slowly fizzled out.

Chromescast  Nexus 6 come to India thanks to GOSFBy: Tech Desk | New Delhi |
Posted: December 9, 2014 5:09 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 1:59 pm
Google on Tuesday launched the Google Chromecast and Nexus 6 in India to kick off the three-day Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) starting on December 10.
The Chromecast will costs Rs 2,999 and and will be available on snapdeal.com and select Airtel stores across India. Airtel is offering Chromecast customers a range of subscription offers. Existing broadband users can access 60GB of data for 3 months when they purchase a Chromecast, while new customers can get the same, and zero activation fee for their new broadband service.
The Chromecast will costs Rs 2,999 and and will be available on snapdeal.com
 
The Nexus 6 from Google & Motorola was also unveiled and will be available to buyers on Google Playstore at Rs 43,999 for the 32GB and Rs 48,999 for the 64GB version. It will be available in Midnight Blue or Cloud White colour options.
Rajan Anandan, Managing Director, Google India said convenience, variety and availability of latest  products across the country were driving the growth of online shopping in India. “We started gosf in 2012 with just 90 partners and in our third year, we have five times more partners participating including many first-time partners like Big Bazaar, Lakme, Van Heusen and Asian Paints. In the last few weeks, over 5 million users have visited to gosf.in site and we are hopeful that many first time buyers will find exciting offers in the Rs 299 corner,” he added.

Satyarthi  Malala to get their Nobels on Dec 9 in OsloBy: Associated Press | Oslo (norway) |
Posted: December 9, 2014 5:24 pm | Updated: December 10, 2014 8:13 pm
Child rights activists India’s Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistan’s Malala Yousafzai, along with 11 others will receive this year’s Nobel Prizes on December 10.
The Nobel Laureates take centrestage in Sweden’s capital Stockholm and Norwegian Oslo, where they will receive the Nobel medals, Nobel diplomas and documents confirming the Nobel Prize amount.
Satyarthi, 60, and Yousafzai, 17, will share USD 1.1 million Peace Prize at Oslo while all the other awards will be presented here.
“I want to dedicate this award to the children of India. This award is for them. It is also for the people of India,” an elated Satyarthi told PTI.
He hailed the judiciary for talking up the child rights issue on fast track basis.
The Supreme Court of India recently set up a special ‘Social Justice Bench’ to exclusively hear cases concerning social issues particularly those related to women, children and underprivileged.
Satyarthi was also optimistic that the government would do more to protect the rights of children.
“We need more and more MPs to raise this issue in Parliament and laws to abolish child labour in India. I hope the government will do something pro-active in this regard.
Also the society should work towards creating a culture of child rights,” he said.
Satyarthi, along with his wife Sumedha, son, daughter- in-law and daughter reached Oslo yesterday.
Frenchman Patrick Modiano will be presented the Literature Nobel, US-British scientist John O’Keefe and Norwegian husband-and-wife duo Edvard and May-Britt Moser Nobel in medicine and Japanese scientists Isamu Akasaki and Hiroshi Amano and Japanese-born American Shuji Nakamura the Nobel in Physics.
Americans Eric Betzig and William Moerner and German scientist Stefan Hell will share the Nobel in Chemistry while Frenchman Jean Tirole will be presented Nobel for Economics.
Since 1901, the Nobel Prizes have been presented to the Laureates at ceremonies on December 10, the anniversary of Alfred Nobel’s death.
As stipulated in the will of the Swedish-born inventor and international industrialist, the Nobel Prizes in Physics, Chemistry, Physiology or Medicine and Literature are awarded in Stockholm while the Nobel Peace Prize is awarded in Oslo.
Since 1969 an additional prize has been awarded at the ceremony in Stockholm, The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel, which was established in 1968 on the occasion of the Riksbank’s 300th anniversary.
The Prize Award Ceremony in Stockholm has taken place at the Stockholm Concert Hall since 1926. In Oslo, the ceremony was for many years held at the Nobel Institute. From 1947 till 1990, the setting was the auditorium of the University of Oslo. In 1990 the event moved to the Oslo City Hall.
At the ceremony here, presentation speeches will extoll the Laureates and their discovery or work, after which King of Sweden Carl XVI Gustaf will hand each Laureate the diploma continued…

Omar hits out at PM  holds Centre responsible for persisting suffering of flood-hitJ&KBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 9, 2014 8:19 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 8:27 pm
Hitting out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on December 9 alleged that the BJP-led Central government has left no stone unturned to make Kashmiris suffer during and after the floods that caused unimaginable destruction in the state.
“Modi Sahab spoke about his realisation of the pain and misery of Kashmiris during his public meeting in Srinagar without telling us where his empathy is for the flood victims of Kashmir who continue to await any sort of a relief and rehabilitation package from the Centre,” Omar said.
He was addressing election rallies in Srinagar, which is going to polls on December 6.
Omar, who is also the working president of National Conference, said while speeches and poetic rhetoric is all well and good, there was no substance in the Prime Minister’s speech.
“Where is the substance? Where is the proof of these apparently noble intentions? If Prime Minister Narendra Modi is actually concerned about Kashmiris and their sufferings, what is stopping him from approving the Rs 44,000 crore relief and rehabilitation proposal for the flood victims?” he asked.
“He (Modi) wants to transfer the funds directly into the accounts of the victims – who is stopping him or the Central government from doing that? All we want is that the Central government rises above politics of discrimination and polarisation and does justice with the flood-affected victims,” the Chief Minister said.
Omar said if the Prime Minister actually had empathy towards Kashmiris, the flood-victims would not be camping in tents in sub-zero temperature despite the state government’s repeated requests to the Centre to take a final call of the proposed Relief and Rehabilitation Package.
The chief minister also lashed out at PDP patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed for being absent during the devastating floods and for arriving at Srinagar airport on a flight from Delhi and taking the same flight to Jammu without caring to interact with flood victims.
“We kept a helicopter waiting for Mufti Sahab and hoped that he would contribute his experience and help in that situation and wanted to give him the facility so that he could meet those he would have wanted to meet. However, Mufti Sahab came in a plane and left in the same plane while hundreds and thousands of Kashmiris were struggling to survive,” he said.
Omar said Sayeed must have seen this as an opportunity to lobby for power and elections and it is apparent in how all PDP leaders, including its MPs rushed to Delhi during the floods to seek early elections rather than being with their people.
“National Conference took a clear stand on Assembly elections. We could never imagine foisting elections on a devastated people who were sleeping under the open sky and whose homes were shattered.
“However, while NC appealed that flood victim rehabilitation be given a priority over elections, PDP and continued…

How Walgreen Plans to Send Doctor to You - VirtuallyHow Walgreen Plans to Send Doctor to You – Virtually
 
Follow on Twitter
Dec 9, 2014 9:53am
A top executive at America’s largest drug store chain, Walgreen, said its new telemedicine service is “all about extending convenience.”
Patients will be able to see a doctor without leaving home or even visiting any of the stores’ clinics. Walgreen is partnering with MDLive to give consumers access to round-the-clock medical care through a smart phone and tablet app. Virtual visits cost $49, and doctors can diagnose and treat conditions like pink eye that don’t require a physical exam. They also can write prescriptions.
With Obamacare increasing the numbers of Americans who have health insurance coverage, Walgreen, CVS and other drugstore chains are expanding their health care offerings. These include in-store clinics with nurse-practitioners.
“Through various digital technology, health care providers are putting more responsibility for health care into their customers’ hands in effort to reduce costs by avoiding more expensive office visits while improving quality through a more customer-friendly experience,” said health care columnist Bruce Japsen of Forbes magazine.
Amazon Looks for Ways to Speed Up Deliveries
Convenience is also the goal of Amazon, with its plans to speed up home deliveries.
Amazon is “practicing one-hour deliveries with bike messengers in New York City,” reported The Wall Street Journal.
The trials are part of an effort to cut delivery times.
Amazon is also experimenting with storage lockers at stores.
The largest e-commerce company also wants to use drones for small package deliveries, but that has faced opposition from the Federal Aviation Administration.
How to Prepare for Post-Holiday Returns
Many stores are making it more convenient for shoppers to return gifts and other unwanted stuff.
“A great majority of stores are now giving you a while after the holidays, a little bit more of a grace period,” said Jessica Anderson of Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.
Her advice to gift shoppers: “Just get gift receipts for everything you buy, regardless of whether the person has specifically asked for that or not.”
Confidence Index at 7-Year High
The latest report on the improving economy is just out. The National Federation of Independent Businesses said its confidence index has reached a seven-year high. Small business expectations for the next six months improved.
Gas Prices Keep Falling
Another cause for optimism is falling fuel costs. The U.S. Energy Department said average gas prices fell more than 10 cents a gallon in the past week.
The average for regular is now $2.68, 59 cents less than a year ago.
Putting this another way, “Americans [are] saving over $225 million every day on gasoline purchases compared to what they were spending one year ago,” said Patrick DeHaan, senior petroleum analyst at Gasbuddy.
But the slide in gas prices has pushed down prices of energy company shares. Stock market futures dropped sharply this morning.

US Stocks Open Lower  Trailing Global Markets DownIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Why should anybody distrust PM Fadnavis on appointment of PM committeBy: Express News Service | Mumbai |
Posted: December 9, 2014 8:03 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 9:16 pm
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Tuesday asserted that Mumbai will not have a separate Chief Executive Officer (CEO) nor Prime Minster Narendra Modi committee would undermine powers of state. Fadnavis said, “From the very beginning I have always maintained that we would have a nodal officer in Delhi to relentlessly pursue the Mumbai projects which are languishing in different departments in Delhi.”
In the past also we had a nodal officer who would look after special Mumbai projects. CM Fadnavis added, “The purpose is to expedite the development of Mumbai. And why should any body object to the PM committee if it helps in quick execution of city projects that are delayed because of multi-departmental clearances at centre.”
Fadnavis said, “Why should anybody show such distrust against the prime minister of country? I am amazed at the manner in which some people are questioning the PM committee.”
He said, “I have very clearly stated that PM committee was essentially to pursue the projects which are struck in various union ministries at centre. The objective is to fast track the projects.”
While acknowledging that Modi has not given any consent to lead the committee so far, he said. “There are 100 projects related to Mumbai which are in various stages and requires centre’s clearances. If PM committee calls for a meeting to review the projects of Mumbai, it would move faster. Almost 90 per cent of the hurdles would get cleared while preparing for the PM meeting.”
The chief minister expressed his anguish over protest from political parties over PM committee. On Monday, Congress, NCP had questioned Fadnavis for giving away state rights to Modi. The Shiv Sena which is an alliance partner also expressed concern arguing they would not like to compromise their rights in BMC.
According to Fadnavis, “Almost all the Mumbai related projects require centre’s clearance. The coastal regulation zone norms have almost landed majority of the projects in ministry of environment. Now, we have Prakash Javdekar as union minister for environment who is taking decisions.”
Similarly, various other ministries are involved in the city projects. It would take just one meeting held by PM to expedite almost 90 per cent of the projects, he added.

US Wholesale Stockpiles Rose Modest 0.4 Percent in October  While Sales Grew 0.2 PercentIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Nanditha death: CID confirms its a suicidecaseWritten by Johnson T A | Bangalore |
Posted: December 9, 2014 8:51 pm
An investigation into the mysterious death of a 14-year-old school girl in the Thirthahalli taluk of Karnataka’s Shimoga district, which resulted in protests and demands by the BJP and its right wing affiliates for the arrest of a Muslim boy, was on Tuesday officially revealed to be a case of suicide by the Criminal Investigation Department of the Karnataka police.
The 14-year-old girl Nanditha committed suicide by consuming poison after being upset over her academic performance in a new school where she had been admitted and the case did not involve an abduction or rape as was alleged in the complaint, the CID director general of police Bipin Gopalakrishna said here in a press conference on Tuesday.
The CID submitted a 223 page interim inquiry report in the Nanditha death case to the state government on Tuesday. The class eight student committed suicide following disappointment over the medium of instruction in her new school, the CID has stated.
“She was studying with Kannada as the medium of instruction in a private school till Class VII and she obtained good grades. She was admitted to a Government English Medium School from standard eight where her grades fell. She had discussed her unhappiness with the new medium of education with her close friends,” the CID DGP said.
The 14-year-old, the elder of the two daughters of a small shop owner in Balle Bailu in Thirthahalli died on the evening of October 30 at the Kasturba Medical College in Manipal.
Following her death her father lodged a police complaint stating that his daughter was abducted by three persons, including one she identified as an acquaintance from a minority community. He alleged that she had been forced to drink something by the abductors who intended to assault her but that she escaped after being spotted by an elderly lady.
A suicide note found in the girl’s school bag had stated that she had not been able to cope with academic demands made on her.
The death of the girl and the police complaint by her family took a political turn after the BJP launched an agitation against the ruling Congress establishment in Karnataka accusing the police of shielding the suspects because they were from a minority community. The Thirthahalli town was shutdown for nearly four days on account of protests and agitations over the Nanditha case. The government handed over investigations to the CID even as the BJP demanded a CBI probe.
The CID police said that toxicology tests on tissue samples of the victim had revealed the presence of a large quantity of poisonous phosphorous and that a handwriting analysis of the suicide note recovered from the girl’s school bag was found to be genuine.
“Neither was she kidnapped nor was she murdered. The death note recovered from her bag was written by the victim herself,” the DGP of the CID said. “No youths accompanied her on the fateful day as alleged by the victim’s father,” the Inspector General of Police (CID) Pranab Mohanty said.
He said that 80 per cent of the continued…

Google s Nexus 6 to be available from WednesdayGoogle's Nexus 6 to be available from Wednesday for Rs 43,999
By PTI | 9 Dec, 2014, 06.18PM IST
Nexus 6 will be available on Flipkart for Rs 43,999 (32 GB) & Rs 48,999 (64 GB) versions. For Chromecast, Google partnered with Airtel & Snapdeal.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Google today launched the Nexus 6 smartphone which will be available from tomorrow at a premium price of Rs 43,999 in the country.
The company launched the smartphone as part of its great online shopping festival (GOSF), that will take place from December 10-12.
Apart from Nexus 6, Google launched Chromecast for Rs 2,999 and introduced some other products of companies like Lenovo , Asian Paints , Tata Housing and Van Heusen for GOSF.
"The GOSF's first edition took place in 2012 with 90 merchants and this year, we have 450 merchants. Consumer confidence to shop online is on the rise in India and in the last few weeks, over 5 million users have visited to gosf.in site," Google India Managing Director Rajan Anandan told reporters during the launch.
Nexus 6 will be available exclusively on Flipkart for Rs 43,999 (32 GB) and Rs 48,999 (64 GB) versions. For Chromecast, Google has partnered with Bharti Airtel and Snapdeal .
Existing broadband users of Airtel can access 60 GB of data for three months when they purchase a Chromecast, while new customers can get the same, and zero activation fee for their new broadband service.
Google said GOSF has been introduced with an objective to promote online shopping in India and the festival has been embraced by leading brands and e-Commerce players as a leading platform to engage buyers across all categories.
Anandan said India will have 100 million online shoppers by 2016.

China s new bond ruleschina s new bond rules
Kashmir reels under terror attacksTweet
Indian Army personnel search for suspected militants as smoke rises from a bunker after a gun battle in Uri on Friday. (Reuters)
Indian defence personnel gather near the scene of a gunfight with suspected rebels on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
Policemen inspect the site of a gun battle on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Kashmiri residents look on near the scene of a gunfight between Indian defence personnel and militants on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
Soldiers take position on a road overlooking an army barrack during a gun battle with militants in Gingal, some 90 kilometers (56 miles) north of Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers stand near bodies of alleged suspected militants killed in a gun battle in Gingal. (AP Photo)
A Kashmiri child looks out from the window of a residence as Indian paramilitary personnel gather near the scene of a gunfight with militants on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
An Indian Army soldier runs for cover near the site of a gun battle in Gingal. (AP Photo)
An army jawan closes the main gate of Mohra Army Camp after an attack near the Line of Control in Uri. (PTI Photo)
Indian soldiers take positions during a gunfight with militants on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
Indian soldiers look on near the scene of a gunfight with militants on the outskirts of Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
Advertisement

2014 best year of job creation in US since 1990s: Barack ObamaRupee down 34 paise against dollar in early trade
2014 is the best year of job creation in the US since the 1990s with 2.65 million new jobs created during the period with still one month to go, President Barack Obama said today as he defended his economic policies.
“So far this year, our economy has created 2.65 million new jobs. That’s the most of any year since the 1990s even with a full month to go. All told, our businesses have created 10.9 million new jobs over the past 57 months. And that’s the longest streak of private-sector job creation on record,” Obama said in his weekly address to the nation.
In November alone businesses created 314,000 new jobs, he said.
“And that’s not a fluke it keeps up the solid pace of job creation we’ve seen all year long. November was the tenth month in a row we’ve added more than 200,000 jobs,” he said in his weekly web and radio address to the nation.
The President said that besides the job creation, overall wages are also on the rise.
“We also know that the upswing in job growth this year has come in industries with higher wages. Overall wages are on the rise. And that’s some very welcome news for millions of hardworking Americans,” he said.
“Because even though corporate profits and the stock market have hit all-time highs, the typical family isn’t bringing home more than they did 15 years ago. And that still has to change. And a vibrant jobs market gives us the opportunity to keep up this progress, and begin to undo that decades-long middle-class squeeze,” Obama said.
He asked the Congress to pass the budget to support faster growth.
“We need the outgoing Congress to pass a budget and keep our government open. A Christmas shutdown is not a good idea. Then, when the new Congress convenes in January, we need to work together to invest in the things that support faster growth in higher-paying jobs,” he added.
Obama asserted there is still a lot of work to do together.
“But we do have real, tangible evidence of our progress. 10.9 million new jobs. 10 million more Americans with health insurance. Manufacturing has grown. Our deficits have shrunk. Our dependence on foreign oil is down. Clean energy is up,” he said.
“More young Americans are graduating from high school and earning college degrees than ever before. Over the last four years, this country has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and every advanced economy combined,” he added.
Obama said the United States of America continues to outperform much of the world.
“And we are going to keep it up until every American feels the gains of a growing economy where it matters most in your own lives,” he said.
TAGS: Barack Obama Jobs
More from industry

iBall Slide WQ149 review: The keyboard is a good idea  but this tab is far from perfectHTC launches Desire 620G dual SIM priced at Rs 15,900
Despite their immense popularity across the globe, the tablet has not really been able to replace the laptop as a primary productivity device. Now, companies like Intel are pushing a new breed of affordable devices called 2-in-1s to become more productive than what a plain tablet would be. This year has seen a string of such devices. We check out the latest, the iBall Slide WQ149.
Specs: 10.1-inch 1280x800p IPS touch display | Intel Atom 1.83 GHz Z3735D processor | 2GB DDR3 RAM | 32GB storage + micro SD Slot up to 64GB | 5.0 MP rear camera + 2.0 MP front camera | 31.8Wh Polymer Battery | 3G data, Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi 802.11 b\g\n | Windows 8.1 Operating System
Price: Rs 21,999
Design: The iBall Slide WQ149 comes in two parts — 1) and unremarkable tablet side and 2) and remarkable keyboard side that clings on to the tablet adding immense value to the final product. I called the tablet side unremarkable because there is nothing here you haven’t seen before. It looks like what a Windows 8 tablet would, expect for a power buttons with a red backlight. You don’t have to open flaps to insert the SIM and SD card and that is useful.
 
The keyboard side is where iBall has been innovative. The folio which houses the keyboard and back cover of the tablet clings on to the tablet thanks to a magnetic strip. The keys are well laid out and easy to use, and there is a trackpad that helps you work without having to reach out to the touchscreen every now and then. The rear cover can fold itself to offer support to the tablet and make it stand upright in front of the keyboard. That makes it a decent laptop lookalike and the cover also does a good job of protecting the entire contraption. The whole thing is a bit heavy though at 700 grams, almost as much as a netbook.
The HD screen is decent and works well with the Windows 8 tiles which might need to be squeezed in at time.
Performance: If you are looking to get a device that will let you create documents, surf the web and work on multiple apps, then the Intel Atom 1.83 GHz Z3735D processor is really up to the task, so is the rest of the device. However, if you are thinking of playing around with multimedia, then this tablet will break into a cold sweat now and then.
The first thing I did with the tablet was try and respond to a few mails.  I typed for a few seconds and looked up to see that the draft was still blank and hadn’t recorded the two sentences I had typed. I could direct the cursor using the trackpad, but the keystrokes were not recording. It was working perfectly when I used it to log in to my Microsoft account just before. This was fixed with a restart, but the issue kept returning once in a while, highlighting that the great keyboard might have some things that need ironing out.
The tablet is perfect for those who are hooked to the Microsoft ecosystem as it comes with one-year free Office 365 as well as 1TB cloud storage. The tablet lets you work seamlessly on everything included in the Office package, but don’t think of Photoshop or other heavy duty stuff.
The battery is good for a maximum of six hours of work. However, it takes a long time to charge, especially when it is nearly drained out.
Both the cameras are okay, but we don’t expect people to do more than use it for Skype chats.
Verdict: The iBall Slide WQ149 is a decent 2-in-1 tablet, especially when you consider the overall build quality and price. I have not tried the versions from Flipkart and Notion Ink, but this seems to have a better design at least. If you are looking to buy your first computing device or a backup device for your bulky laptop, then this one is definitely worth a second look.
TAGS: IBall Slide IBall Tablet
More from tech

US firm warns against attaching to unknown wi-fi connectionsRupee down 34 paise against dollar in early trade
In the backdrop of massive smartphone penetration in India, a US-based security solutions firm has warned users against attaching to free and unknown wi-fi connections.
“Free and unknown wi-fi connections can compromise your machine or mobile devices,” Peter Sparkes, Senior Director of Symantec’s Cyber Security Services (Asia Pacific and Japan) said in Sydney recently while listing top do’s and dont’s of averting a cyber attack.
“It is safer to use corporate wi-fi connections but any unknown connections can be a risk,” Parkes said.
“Updating the devices to the latest third party technologies and using security software tools can help reduce the risk of being a target of cyber attacks,” Sparkes said.
“Once you are online it means that you are visible,” he said, adding that one should have different passwords for different logins of banking or social websites.
Sparkes said as India advances to highest smartphone penetration it would mean that consumers would have increased connectivity across their devices, gadgets and machines leading to potential for a whole new range of security risks.
India’s smartphone market is said to have grown by 84 per cent year-on-year and it continues to be the third highest source of overall malicious activity contributing 5.11 per cent to the global cybercrime.
India is also top source of spam zombies emitting close to 1.45 billion spams into cyber space daily.
The total cost of cybercrime for 2013 stood at USD 4 billion or India and there were total of 18 million victims in India.
“The year 2013 saw increase in targeted cyber attacks that rose by 91 per cent with major vulnerabilities like targeted attack campaigns, coordinated cyber espionage and potential cyber sabotage, increased Hackivism and cybercrime,” Sparkes said, adding that these attacks were growing and becoming smarter and more sophisticated.
Top predictions for 2015 were attacks on the Internet of Things (IoT) which would focus on smart home automation, growing attacks on mobile devices, prominent data leaks of 2014 to keep cybersecurity in spotlight this year, scammers to continue to run profitable ransom scams and cloud to take to infinity and beyond.
Recently, Symantec also uncovered a new piece of malware Regin, which the company said was bearing the hallmarks of a state-sponsored operation and was believed to have been in use since at least 2008.
“In fact, around 5 per cent of the confirmed infections for this were found in India and it was confirmed that from the company’s Internet Security Threat Report launched earlier this year that attacks would become more sophisticated with longer, more targeted attack campaigns.
TAGS: Wi-fi Connections
More from industry

Walgreens app makes virtual doctor visits a realityWalgreens app makes virtual doctor visits a reality
Walgreen Co.
A Walgreens store in Chicago at Randolph and State Streets.
A Walgreens store in Chicago at Randolph and State Streets. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Virtual doctors visits are now a reality through Walgreens-MDLIVE partnership
You don't have to leave the cubicle — or your couch — to get checked out by the doc.
Rather video chat with your doc about what ails you? No problem, says Walgreens.
You might not have to leave your cubicle at work or your couch at home to get that sore throat or nasty cough checked out.
8
Walgreens is launching a virtual doctor visit feature on its mobile app, the company announced Monday. The nation's largest drugstore chain is teaming up with MDLive, a provider of virtual health services, to connect Walgreens customers with certified doctors via video chat on a smartphone, tablet or computer.
0
The service is immediately available to residents of California and Michigan and will be rolled out in other states in the next few years. Illinois residents should be able to use the app by the end of 2015, said Dr. Harry Leider, the company's chief medical officer.
Virtual visits are for nonemergency health conditions, such as upper respiratory tract infections, ear aches, sore throats and rashes. They are not intended for more serious symptoms such as chest pains. Doctors can write prescriptions after the virtual visits, which usually last 10 to 15 minutes, Leider said.
Appointments cost $49, most of which goes to physicians. That fee is also not much more than a copay for an in-person doctor's visit through some insurance plans. Some insurance companies cover telemedicine, Leider said.
The app is not meant to replace yearly preventive checkups with primary care physicians.
Parent-company Walgreen projects that the telehealth market overall will reach $1.5 trillion in five years, and is one of the company's primary opportunities for growth.
In October, Deerfield-based Walgreen announced a similar telehealth initiative partnership with health information website WebMD to encourage customers to increase exercise to earn discounts at Walgreens stores. The company said it now awards points on its Balance Rewards loyalty card for logging activities on the WebMD Healthy Target app. Customers can also upload data tracking health markers such as steps walked or glucose levels.
Last year Walgreens launched a Pharmacy Chat feature on its app to allow users to instant message with pharmacy staff. The company said it averages 9,000 chats a week.
Leider said Walgreens app will allow customers to make appointments for a time that's convenient for them. The app works with iOS and Android.
"I think this will become a normal part of health care in three to five years," Leider said. "We have got some real forces that are going to make this very compelling."
He said a shortage of primary care physicians coupled with more people becoming insured through the Affordable Care Act means the market is growing for people who might find telemedicine useful.
MDLive stands to gain 2 million people a day through Walgreens' mobile app and website. CEO Randy Parker said the company has 2,000 doctors available.
"Consumers are demanding to do everything through mobile," Parker said. "Everything else they can do through mobile, and now they can do this too."

Engineer became the father of video game industry0
Magnavox priced the Odyssey at $100, and the company sold several hundred thousand by the end of the decade. Some consumers thought it worked only on Magnavox televisions, perhaps limiting sales.
The technology proved influential. Other firms licensed it from Magnavox, and one — Atari, co-founded by Nolan Bushnell, who had seen a demo of the Odyssey system and later created the massively popular "Pong" arcade game — became one of the industry's defining companies. Atari's first home system, the 2600, sold in the millions after it was released in 1977.
The consoles were marketed as modern arcade games and gained popularity alongside traditional pinball machines and jukeboxes. In the next decades, however, play-at-home games came to dominate sales as increased competition vaulted the technology forward. The electronic-game business ultimately evolved along four interwoven threads — console, computer, arcade and hand-held games — that remain in place today.
Baer advocated for the "play value" of older games even as new ones offered ever-improving sounds, graphics and storytelling. "You'll find that that kind of play is simple and obvious," he told the publication High Times in 2004. "It's more fun, at least to older people who can't manage today's stuff. Anybody over 35 can't play today's games. Who has the patience?"
Ralph Henry Baer was born March 8, 1922, in Pirmasens, Germany. His family was Jewish, and they left for the United States months before the anti-Semitic Kristallnacht attacks.
The family settled in New York, where the teenage Baer (who had stopped formal schooling at 14) worked in a factory that made leather accessories. While riding the subway one day, he spotted an advertisement for a correspondence course promising a lucrative career in radio electronics.
"I said 'sayonara' to the factory," he told the Boston Globe in 2007. "I memorized the entire handbook of vacuum tubes."
He graduated in 1940 from the National Radio Institute in Washington and was a radio service technician for three years before Army service in Europe during World War II. On the G.I. Bill, he received a bachelor's degree in 1949 from the American Television Institute of Technology in Chicago.
Baer continued to work in video gaming after Odyssey launched, but he turned much of his attention to electronic games and devices. His work for a company called Marvin Glass & Associates eventually led to "Simon," one of the most popular toys of the 1980s.
The game played a series of lights and tones, challenging the player to recall and repeat them by tapping four colored pads. It grew more difficult as the player succeeded, the play becoming increasingly frenetic.
Baer, who had been hired by Marvin Glass to develop an electronic game, saw a similarly themed arcade game by Atari called "Touch Me" at a trade show in 1976 and figured he could improve upon it by making the tones sound pleasant no matter the order in which they were tapped.
The resulting game — made handheld and whose tones were inspired by the fourotes of the bugle — was developed with the help of Lenny Cope, a programmer, and Howard Morrison, a designer at Marvin Glass.
"Simon," named for the children's game "Simon Says," was an instant success. Milton Bradley sold 10 million copies of "Simon" by 1982, launching a number of variations and updates — some of which Hasbro, which acquired Milton Bradley in the 1980s, still markets. Other companies released their own versions: Atari, too, eventually put out a handheld version of "Touch Me."
President George W. Bush awarded Baer the National Medal of Technology in 2006. Four years later, Baer was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame.
His wife, Dena Whinston, died in 2006. Survivors include three children, James Baer, Mark Baer and Nancy Baer; and four grandchildren. Baer died at his home in Manchester, N.H, said his son Mark. He did not disclose the cause.
Baer understood the universal appeal of a well-designed game. During a visit to a patent examiner's office to discuss his original system, he found himself largely ignored as his lawyer and the examiner conferred in technical jargon.
"While they were bantering back and forth about the claims, I set up a small television set and my game console in the examiner's office," Baer recalled. "Within 15 minutes, every examiner on the floor of that building was in that office wanting to play the game."

Here s What Happens When Math & Snow Are Used To Make ArtSimon Beck has spent the past decade tracing beautiful patterns into snow-covered mountains and lakes using nothing but snowshoes and some basic math knowledge.
The British cartographer/artist started incorporating fractal patterns into his work after reading "Chaos: Making a New Science," a 1987 book written by former New York Times reporter James Gleick, Discovery News reported.
"When I did my first drawing, I had no idea how good it was going to look ," Beck told CNN. "It's just so unusual and unique. No one else is doing anything like it."
Photos of Beck's stunning snow art are showcased in his new book, " Simon Beck: Snow Art ." Scroll down for a look.

The 4 stocks clobbering the DowThe 4 stocks clobbering the Dow
By: Matt Krantz December 8, 2014 3:06 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Market pros warn to expect more volatility in the stock market next year. Looks like it’s starting a bit early.
The Dow has recovered a bit, but at its worst, investors were dealing with the first triple loss in the Dow in quite some time. Seeing an interruption in the market’s rise, investors are quick to assign blame. The Dow Jones industrial average is down 92 points to 17,867.
Certainly, energy is a bit culprit. Oil prices tumbling to a five-year low explain why Chevron (CVX) and Exxon Mobil (XOM) are two of the biggest losers in the Dow today.
Shares of Chevron are down 3.8% to $106.64 and Exxon Mobil are off 2.2% to $95.85. That makes these stocks among the four Dow stocks that are down 2% or more today.
The other poor performers are McDonald’s (MCD), which is down 4.1%, and Caterpillar (CAT), off 3%.
BIGGEST LOSERS IN THE DOW MONDAY
Company

What should Santa be paid Six figures  study saysWhat should Santa be paid? Six figures, study says
Santa Claus
Mark Makela
Brayden Knowles greets Santa Claus, with brother Brynlie at The Plaza, King of Prussia Mall in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania.
Brayden Knowles greets Santa Claus, with brother Brynlie at The Plaza, King of Prussia Mall in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. (Mark Makela)
How much would you pay Santa?
Some people say Santa should work for free; others say he deserves $1.8 billion
If Santa were paid for his work, he'd be pulling in almost $140,000 a year.
That's the conclusion of Insure.com, a consumer insurance information website that said it analyzed Bureau of Labor Statistics data.
Insure.com also asked an online panel of 895 adults who said Santa visits their homes how much St. Nick should be making.
The two most common answers, both at 29 percent, were "nothing" and $1.8 billion annually.

West Indies cricketer escapes blow to headOmar Phillips cleared of serious injury
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Sun 7 Dec, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Omar PhillipsBarbados batsman Omar Phillips, who was struck on the head by the ball at the non-striker's end on Friday in a West Indies first-class game, has been cleared of serious injury.
A CT scan was done on Phillips after he had lost consciousness as a result of being hit on the back of his head, despite wearing a helmet, on the first day of Barbados' game against Windward Islands. The scan, according to a statement on the WICB website, "came up negative for any damage".
Phillips, 28, an opening batsman who had played two Tests for West Indies in 2009 against Bangladesh, was batting on 38 when a shot from Barbados' No. 3 Shai Hope struck him.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

UN Declares 2014 A Devastating Year For Millions Of ChildrenUN Declares 2014 A Devastating Year For Millions Of Children
Reuters
reddit
UNITED NATIONS, Dec 8 (Reuters) - The United Nations  children's agency UNICEF declared 2014 a devastating year for  children on Monday with as many as 15 million caught in  conflicts in Central African Republic, Iraq, South Sudan, Syria,  Ukraine and the Palestinian territories.
UNICEF Executive Director Anthony Lake said the high number  of crises meant many of them were quickly forgotten or failed to  capture global headlines, such as in Afghanistan, Democratic  Republic of Congo, Nigeria, Pakistan, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen.
Globally, UNICEF said some 230 million children were living  in countries and regions affected by armed conflict.
"Children have been killed while studying in the classroom  and while sleeping in their beds; they have been orphaned,  kidnapped, tortured, recruited, raped and even sold as slaves,"  Lake said in a statement. "Never in recent memory have so many  children been subjected to such unspeakable brutality."
Significant threats also emerged to children's health and  well-being like the deadly outbreak of Ebola in the West African  countries Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, which has left  thousands orphaned and some 5 million out of school.
"Violence and trauma do more than harm individual children -  they undermine the strength of societies," Lake said.
In Central African Republic, where tit-for-tat sectarian  violence has displaced one-fifth of the population, some 2.3  million children are affected by the conflict with up to 10,000   believed to have been recruited by armed groups during the past  year and more than 430 killed or maimed, UNICEF said.
Some 538 children were killed and 3,370 injured in the  Palestinian Gaza Strip during a 50-day war between Israeli  troops and Hamas militants, it said.
In Syria, UNICEF said more than 7.3 million children have  been affected by the civil war, including 1.7 million who fled  the country. In neighboring Iraq an estimated 2.7 million  children have been affected by conflict, it added, with at least  700 believed to have been maimed or killed this year.
"In both countries, children have been victims of, witnesses  to and even perpetrators of increasingly brutal and extreme  violence," UNICEF said.
Some 750,000 children have been displaced in South Sudan  with 320,000 living as refugees. The United Nations said more  than 600 children have been killed and more than 200 maimed this  year, while some 12,000 are being used by armed groups.      (Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Tom Brown)
More:

Uber statement: Safety is our #1 priorityInternational taxi service Uber has updated its official statement after their driver Shiv Kumar Yadav was arrested for the rape of a 27-year-old MNC Executive in Delhi on Friday night.
Official Statement:
This is an abhorrent crime. Our thoughts remain with the victim who has shown tremendous courage under the circumstances.
Upon being notified of this incident, our team immediately provided the local authorities with all relevant details, including:
driver (name, age, photo, complete driver’s license details, bank verified address)
vehicle (license, registration, insurance, state-issued driver permit)
trip details (trip data, route, pick-up & drop-off location)
Safety is our #1 priority and in India, Uber exclusively partners with registered for-hire drivers who have undergone the commercial licensing process, hold government issued IDs, state-issued permits, and carry full commercial insurance. Uber also has a GPS trace and record of all trips that occur on the platform – information that has been shared with the authorities. We will continue to cooperate fully with law enforcement officials in their investigation to bring this crime to justice.
We will also work with the community, with government and the technology industry to find more ways to promote safety in transportation, particularly for women – both here in Delhi and throughout India.
The driver Shiv Kumar Yadav was arrested from Mathura on Sunday evening and has been sent to police custody for 3 days. Meanwhile, along with Uber, Delhi has decided to ban all internet-based taxi firms. The transport department has also issued a public notice stating that only six registered radio taxi companies are allowed to operate in New Delhi.
TAGS: Delhi Rape Uber Uber Cab
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Finance Ministry declines to share details on black money probeBlack money outflow from India up nine-fold in a decade, loss of $94.7 mn
Citing national security and confidentiality clauses, Finance Ministry has declined to disclose information on exchange of correspondence among India, Swiss and German authorities in connection with the black money probe.
Replying to an RTI query, the ministry said it was obtaining information regarding Indians having accounts in foreign banks from concerned nations.
“Since the information regarding Indians having accounts in foreign banks which are being obtained from foreign authorities under the prevailing Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements (DTAA) are confidential as per the treaty provisions and the same are exempt from disclosure,” the Ministry said.
It cited Section 8(1)(a) and (f) of the RTI Act and said “any information in this regard cannot be provided to you”.
The Sections bar disclosure of information which would prejudicially affect the sovereignty and integrity of India, the security, strategic, scientific or economic interests of the state, relation with foreign state or lead to incitement of an offence, and those received in confidence from foreign government.
The Finance Ministry was asked to provide copies of letters or any other requests sent to or received from Switzerland and Germany relating to the black money probe.
It was also asked to give copy of letter or invitation received from Swiss government inviting officials from here for discussion on tax evasion issues to that country.
A delegation led by Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das and comprising Finance Ministry officials had visited Switzerland on October 15, this year and held discussions with Swiss Finance and Tax Authorities on issues relating to exchange of information in tax matters.
“The discussions were substantive and useful,” a Finance Ministry release had said.
There is at present no official assessment on the quantum of black money in India and abroad.
The Finance Ministry has engaged Delhi-based National Institute of Public Finance and Policy (NIPFP), National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER) and National Institute of Financial Management (NIFM) at Faridabad, for conducting a study on quantum of black money stashed by Indians in foreign banks.
These reports are yet to be placed in the Parliament.
The different estimates on quantum of black money range between USD 500 billion to USD 1,400 billion. A study by Global Financial Integrity has estimated the illicit money outflow to be at USD 462 billion.
TAGS: Blackmoney DTAA Finance Ministry
More from economy
Explained: How India will become a common market with GST With cascading taxes gone, over a period of time the lower tax burden could translate into lower prices for goods for consumers...

Shiv Sena cautions BJP govt over MumbaiHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
Cautioning Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis over his suggestion of a high-level committee for Mumbai’s development, the Uddhav Thackeray-led Shiv Sena today said the control over the city should lie with the state government.
“There is no doubt that Mumbai should develop, but we have to ensure that the remedy does not turn out to be more dangerous than the illness itself. The Shiv Sena believes that Mumbai will not be separated from Maharashtra and the control of the city will only lie with the state government,” the Shiv Sena, which recently joined the BJP-led state government, said in an editorial in its mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
“If the PM only gives special attention to Mumbai, he will be accused of favouritism. Opposition parties will get the ammunition to fire salvo at the government saying that big industrialists are close to the BJP, hence the PM is giving special attention to the city,” it said.
The Sena said other cities of the state, like Mumbai, should also be made into world class cities and the focus should not be on Mumbai alone.
“Nagpur is the second capital of Maharashtra. The Vidarbha region is in dire need of development and industrial growth. Even cities in the Marathwada region can be developed into world class cities. All this will contribute to the development of the state,” the editorial said.
While addressing a high-level meeting of chief ministers recently convened by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to provide a substitute for the planning commission, Fadnavis had suggested to the Centre that a high-level committee headed by Modi be set up for the development of the city.
“Mumbai is the commercial capital of India, unless Mumbai is developed, there is no scope for the development of the country. For Mumbai’s development, there is an urgent need of effective coordination between state and central agencies. Under such circumstances, it will be appropriate to set up a Mumbai development committee headed by the PM,” Fadnavis had said.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party Shiv Sena Uddhav Thackeray
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Korean Airs nut rage sparks backlashKorean Air nut rage sparks chaebol backlash
Song Jung-a in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a45e0da-7f73-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Government should frame national gold policy; set up gold bourse'Our land rejuvenation model has brought prosperity to Indian farmers': William D Dar, ICRISAT
The government should come up with a “national gold policy” focusing on setting up its Exchange and launching of several investment products like gold savings account to put an estimated 22,000 tonnes of idle gold assets into active use, a WGC-FICCI report said today.
Among others, the government should also look at establishing a Gold Board for managing import-export, develop accredited refineries, drive gold monitisation by incentivising banks and introduce compulsory quality certification of gold, it said.
“Looking back, gold consumption has averaged 895 tonnes per annum over the past five years, equivalent to just over 4 per cent of current stockpiles. This shows that, if even a small percentage of household gold were monetised, the impact on Indian imports of gold would be substantial,” said the report prepared jointly by the World Gold Council (WGC) and industry body FICCI, released here today.
Commenting on the report, WGC Managing Director Somasundaram PR said, “It is imperative to find ways of mobilising and monetising 22,000 tonnes of gold in Indian households to fund economic growth. The need of the hour is to re-engage stakeholders to develop a long-term gold policy.”
Given that Indian consumers do appear willing to consider monetising their gold assets, the report said a strong infrastructure and standardisation of price and quality are essential steps in the process.
There is a need to incentivise banks to engage in the process, revitalise the gold deposit scheme and encourage launch of other gold-backed investment products, it said.
At present, financial products linked to gold have been poorly marketed. Many consumers are unaware of them and they are not understood properly.
“If banks were able to include gold in their reserve calculations, they would be financially incentivised to innovate, market and explain gold-based products,” it said.
The report said there is a need to revitalise the Gold Deposit Scheme (GDS) as the survey indicated that consumers would be willing to deposit their gold for interest.
“To date, however, few have done so. Obstacles include the paucity of banks offering the GDS, the size of required deposits, the way in which customers are repaid and timely valuations,” the report said.
Developing and enhancing current gold infrastructure will facilitate the valuation process and banks also need to reduce minimum deposit amounts and consider repaying consumers in cash, the report added.
It also suggested introduction of gold-backed financial products like gold savings account that are easily understood. Gold savings mutual funds should include income tax benefits, much like equity linked savings schemes, the report said.
Gold-backed pensions and insurance products could also be introduced, thereby monetising gold’s central role as a long term wealth preservation asset, the report added.
Stating that a robust infrastructure is required for a fully functioning mobilised gold market, the report said there is a need to set up a Gold Exchange to create a national pricing structure for gold, derived from the London fix.
“The buying or selling of gold in India takes place through many channels, formal and informal. …An exchange would also improve price transparency and assess gold supply and demand. A spot exchange for gold would also involve the construction of high quality storage and vault,” it said.
The report suggested setting up of a ‘Gold Board’ to play a crucial role in formulating a balanced and inclusive gold policy that is both sustainable and dynamic.
Such a Board would manage the import of gold, encourage exports, facilitate infrastructure development and ensure the Indian gold market functions to maximum effect, it added.
Suggesting the government develop accredited gold refineries, the report said that such refineries would play an essential role in well-functioning markets.
Dubai has recently announced the setting up of a gold refinery, largely to cater to Indian gold demand. It would seem logical to focus on raising the standard of India’s own gold refineries. Dependence on imports for top quality gold contributes to the current account deficit in India, the report added.
It also stressed on guidelines for compulsory quality certification of all forms of gold.
“While many larger firms and jewellers in India certify their gold products, smaller shops do not. Compulsory quality certification will encourage accountability, foster an environment of trust and establish an audit trail between manufacturer, retailer and purchaser,” it said.
Among others, the report recommended that the government develop ‘Branded India Gold Coins’, set up gold authorised dealers and have more active marketing strategy for Indian handcrafted jewellery to boost exports.
Gold is the second largest import item for India after petroleum. The government has imposed several restriction to curb imports of gold to contain current account deficit (CAD).
India should allow banks to hold gold as reserves – WGC
(Reuters) India should allow banks to use gold as part of their liquidity reserves, which would let them make more use of gold inside the country and reduce the need for imports, an industry body said on Tuesday, seeing that as an alternative to import curbs.
The world’s second-biggest consumer of the metal should also consider setting up an exchange for transparent gold pricing and to streamline trade, according to a report commissioned by the World Gold Council (WGC).
“We have made our points to the government and some of these recommendations are in consideration,” Somasundaram PR, head of the WGC’s India operations, told Reuters. He did not elaborate.
Last year, struggling with a high trade deficit, India imposed a record 10 percent import duty on gold and a rule requiring a fifth of all imports to be re-exported. Bullion is the second-biggest item on India’s import bill after oil.
The WGC says allowing banks to hold gold as part of their liquidity reserves would motivate them to introduce gold deposit schemes, which would in turn circulate existing bullion within the country, removing some of the need to import fresh supply.
“The solution to meeting India’s enduring appetite for gold lies not in restricting the import of gold, but in making better use of the gold that is already in the country, making it a productive, fungible asset class like any other financial savings,” Somasundaram said in a separate statement.
About 22,000 tonnes of gold is estimated to be held in Indian households.
Gold deposit schemes are already offered by banks but have not proved popular with consumers, who prefer to hold their gold in ornament form and would need strong incentives to give up heirlooms and wedding gifts.
Once the consumer deposits gold with the bank, it is refined to be sold to others. The consumer earns interest and receives gold bars when the term matures, regardless of what was originally deposited.
“At present, financial products linked to gold have been poorly marketed. If banks were able to include gold in their reserve calculations, they would be financially incentivised to innovate, market and explain gold-based products,” the WGC report said.
The re-export rule was scrapped late last month to counter the smuggling and high premiums that had resulted.  Although the rules had curbed gold supplies entering India, consumer demand remained strong.
TAGS: FICCI GDS WGC
More from commodities
Gold import surge: Govt on wait-and-watch mode The finance ministry has raised import tariff value on gold to $396 per 10 grams from the earlier $388 per 10 grams.

Unsafe taxis: Law maybe an ass but blame is not completely govt sUnsafe taxis: Law maybe an ass but blame is not completely govt's
Jyoti Mukul |  Dec 09, 2014 05:56 PM IST
Severe financial crisis, a paralyzed mother and an ailing father, forced a woman in Baroda to sell herself on social media some time back. Prostitution is not legal in India. Though in this case stuck by her plight, help for the lady came from a host of persons including Jharkhand chief minister Hemant Soren. Though offering oneself is not a common business and was more a compulsion for the lady, it is an example of how new media platforms can be used for just about anything.
Uber and many other new age companies fall in this category of technology enabled business enterprises that find quick opportunity online. Since there is no legal barrier or regulation for them, law is an ass, as it is famously said. Should then, simply the perpetrator of a crime and the law take up culpability, or should the government or the company be equally held responsible?
Banning Uber, Ola Cabs  and TaxiForSure might not prevent a crime as grave as a rape but it does raise a question: Was the Delhi government or the Centre which has now asked other states to do the same, waiting for the rape to happen to ban such outfits?
Since framing of law does not keep pace with the mushrooming of such enterprises, should a policy framework be first prepared to provide “ease of business” to these companies or should they be allowed to prosper first and then make rules around their functioning. In either case, law is an ass. By not keeping the basic principle of equity for all forms of businesses in mind and not learning from the experience such entities leave behind in other countries, and allowing a crime to remind you of the vulnerability of these systems, all you are taking is the benefit of hindsight.
Certainly, law is to be blamed but what about the government? “Uber’s services were also in contravention of the Motor Vehicle Act, 1988, and rules framed under it,” said a Delhi government statement. If it was so, then why was it not questioned earlier. Taxi being a civic service used by unsuspecting persons out of need should be safe. But quite similar to the December 2012 gang rape on a chartered bus, which was not suppose to ferry passengers outside its permit, the Uber case exemplifies how businesses run even where regulation fails fully aware that compliance is good for them in the long run.
For the technology friendly or rather apps and gizmo freaks, e-commerce sites, market places and anything born out of foreign investment, private equity or simply new age entrepreneurship, is here to be lauded and written about. And, if the governments tighten leash on them, then taxmen, bank regulators or policy makers are to be frowned upon as being draconian, anti-investment and really decadent in their outlook.
But the ban on Uber’s services is probably a much smaller issue than the loss of image for its brand. As it stands right now, the company falls in no category of taxi service—neither the neighbourhood taxi stand nor the radio taxi service, both of which are governed by rules laid down by the government, so Uber should have been extra vigilant. Post the crime, the company is no wiser. Eric Alexander, president of Business, Uber Asia has been quoted in the Economic Times, as saying he was ready to financially compensate the victim, and how his staff has been moved to the safer compound of a five-star hotel. If that was all, what was needed.
Going by the media reports, the company has suddenly become compliant with regulatory guidelines on payment mode and is also paying its taxes but it is important to note all this happened after it had a run-in with the concerned departments. Culpability, therefore, has to be shared and this time not just by the rapist and the government but also the company and its staff some of whom may have raised slogans or opinions against the Congress governments when the December gang rape happened in 2012.

Don t hand over state to  thekedars : ModiBy: Press Trust of India | Dhanbad |
Posted: December 9, 2014 6:28 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:00 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on December 9 asked the electorate in Jharkhand to give a decisive mandate to BJP for a strong and stable government in the state and not opt for a coalition as “thekedars” (contractors) will then enjoy all power.
Modi also accused the Opposition parties of needlessly targeting his government, saying they have run out of issues.
“Jharkhand needs stable government. This time don’t make a mistake. Elect a strong BJP government. If you vote for a majority government then the reins of power will be in the hands of the people, but (in the event of a) coalition government reins will go in the hands of thekedars,” Modi told an election meeting here.
Dhanbad goes to polls in the fourth phase on December 14.
He said, “You have done this for the country, will you not do it for the sake of Jharkhand ?… Coalition governments in the country have given power in the hands of ‘thekedars’ and you know what they have done to the country and the states for so many years.”
“In the Lok Sabha elections, you have rejected the opposition,” he said while hoping that people would reject them again in the ensuing state assembly elections.
Hitting out at the opposition, he said “These days leaders of opposition parties are very upset. They have to campaign for the sake of their survival and are going to Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir too. But they don’t have any issues against the Modi government. They are repeating their speeches made during the Lok Sabha elections. There is bankruptcy of issues for opposition.”
Referring to abundance of coal in Jharkhand, Modi said, “You are siting on black diamond. Don’t you like to see it sparkle? But who will make the black diamonds sparkle?
“Modi is ready for it, but Jharkhand has to give an opportunity to him to utilise the mineral-resources in the development of the state and the country.”
The Prime Minister said his government’s policies will help the mineral-rich state progress fast and reap benefits of its coal reserves.
On the coal scam and the Supreme Court verdict on it, Modi said though it came as a “blow” and “pained” the government, it was taken up as an “opportunity” to improve things.
Apparently referring to Jharkhand witnessing nine governments in the 14 years of its existence, Modi said the period is very crucial even in a person’s life as it is the adolescent time and proper nurturing is needed.
“14 to 18 years is also crucial for a state and the (next) five years will lay the foundation for the next 100 years,” he said promising that if BJP is voted to power with majority it would lay the foundation of development in mineral-rich Jharkhand.
Modi lambasted the opposition also for “lying” to the people continued…

India  Russia to set out energy vision |  Putin s visit will boost diamond tradeIndia, Russia to set out energy vision, Siberian deals eyed
Reuters Dec 9, 2014, 07.10PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Russia, isolated by the…)
NEW DELHI/MOSCOW: India and Russia will strike an energy partnership when Prime Minister Narendra Modi hosts President Vladimir Putin on Thursday to prepare the way for two Siberian oil deals and chart a route for a first pipeline between the two countries.
But a joint 'vision' document is likely to lack hard details, with terms still being thrashed out for India's ONGC Videsh to acquire an interest in Rosneft's Vankor and Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye oilfields, officials and industry sources on both sides say.
There are doubts over the viability of proposed oil and gas pipeline routes that would either cross conflict-ridden Afghanistan and Pakistan - India's arch enemy - or mountainous tracts of inner China.
Russia, isolated by the West over its annexation of Crimea and backing of an armed uprising in eastern Ukraine, has a friendship with India that dates back to the Soviet era.
"In the present circumstances, when Europe is trying to isolate Russia, Putin wants to show that he has friends in the world," said Gulshan Sachdeva, head of the Centre for European Studies at Jawaharlal Nehru University in New Delhi.
"Modi and Putin are similar leaders. They like to announce big schemes," Sachdeva added. "It might make sense to do so - whether or not they come to fruition is another matter."
New Delhi explicitly rules out joining Western sanctions against Russia although Modi has struck up an increasingly warm friendship with President Barack Obama since winning power in May, and will host the U.S. leader in January.
Putin has been a regular visitor to India since becoming president in 2000 but the trip will be a one-day affair. A proposal for him to address India's parliament was quietly dropped.
Russo-Indian trade, at $10 billion, is only one-ninth of the volume between Russia and China.
NEW TIES
Indian and Russian officials say the strategic declaration will encompass issues from defence to nuclear power and even diamonds, with state monopoly Alrosa keen to ramp up exports to India.
"The visit will solidify the political relationship; confirm Russia as India's principal purveyor of arms; and expand ties in other areas, such as nuclear energy," said Dmitri Trenin, director of the Carnegie Moscow Center.
State-controlled Rosneft, the world's largest listed oil firm by output, is strapped for cash due to Western sanctions, and is showing increased willingness to offer upstream projects to India.
But wrangling continues over the interest ONGC Videsh would get in Vankor, which is expected to reach peak output of 500,000 barrels per day in 2019.
Indian government sources say that Rosneft has offered a 10 percent stake in the Vankor operating company, but that New Delhi is pushing for a 25 percent interest that would allow ONGC Videsh to book equity barrels.
India is also seeking tax breaks on a proposed 49 percent stake in Yurubcheno-Tokhomskoye, a greenfield project in eastern Siberia, because under Russia's existing fiscal regime the field would lose money.
State oil firm Oil and Natural Gas Corp's overseas arm partners Rosneft and U.S. ExxonMobil in the Sakhalin-1 offshore energy project. ONGC also owns struggling Siberian producer Imperial Energy.
The aspiration to build a pipeline passage to India will be "there" in the joint Indo-Russian statement, a second Indian official said, but details remain sketchy.
Russia's ambassador to India, Alexander Kadakin, told reporters that an export route via China's westernmost province of Xinjiang was under consideration but needed to be studied further due to challenging terrain.
Indian officials have pushed the idea of a $40 billion pipeline to pump Siberian gas to India, but even if it is practicable it would struggle to compete with tanker-shipped liquefied natural gas.
India imports 80 percent of the 4 million bpd of crude that it consumes daily, making an oil link a more promising option, yet proposals have so far failed to get off the drawing board.
Russia's Eastern Siberia-Pacific Ocean oil pipeline has a capacity of 1.6 million bpd, while state natural gas monopoly Gazprom is working to finalise a $400 billion deal to pump gas to China.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nobel an opportunity to fight for children: ...Alfred Nobel
(Satyarthi gave up his…)
OSLO (NORWAY): Child rights activists India's Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai today said the Nobel peace prize gives them tremendous opportunity in their fight and struggle for children's rights.
"Even if one single child is in danger then the entire world is in danger," Satyarthi said here at a joint press conference with Malala on the eve of award ceremony.
Satyarthi, 60, and Malala, 17, will share $ 1.1 million Nobel Peace Prize here tomorrow.
"This prize is very important for millions and millions of children who have been denied their childhood...As I am talking to you there are millions of children who are denied this freedom, we need to work for them," he said.
"There are children who are sold like animals...children who are forced into prostitution.. The children who are made hostages. The children who are made child soldiers," he said, adding that this Nobel peace prize gives tremendous opportunity in the fight and struggle for children's rights.
Satyarthi gave up his job as an electrical engineer to run NGO Bachpan Bachao Aandolan (Save Childhood Movement) in India for rescuing children from forced labour and trafficking.
"We have to work towards peace for children and children for peace... We have to create such a world," he said.
Describing Malala as his daughter, he said she is the bravest child one can think of.
Malala, who survived a near-fatal Taliban attack two years ago with determination advocating education for girls, said she is proud to be a Muslim.
"We strongly believe in Islam. Islam is a religion of peace, but unfortunately there are people who don't know about this religion," she said, referring to Taliban militants.
Malala said that education is not restricted to a group, it's essential for everyone. "It is a necessity of life."
"Why are we fighting for something which we deserve? It is our right to go to school. Why should we fight for something we deserve?" she asked.
"Children don't ask for iPads, they just want a book and a pen," the Pakistani child rights activist said.
"You have to speak for yourself, learn to fight for yourself," she said, adding that "when you take a step, raise your voice, then things changes."
Since 1901, the Nobel Prizes have been presented to the Laureates at ceremonies on December 10, the anniversary of Alfred Nobel's death.
The Nobel Peace Prize will be presented by the Chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee in the presence of King Harald V and Queen Sonja, the government, representatives of Storting -- the supreme legislature of Norway -- and an invited audience.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google Nexus 6 to be available in India from midnightHomegrown handset maker Lava on Tuesday launched a new smartphone -- Iris Fuel 60 -- offering a greater battery life to help users work for longer hours without frequent charging.
Google Nexus 6 to be available in India from midnight
New Delhi, December 09, 2014
First Published: 17:10 IST(9/12/2014)
print
If you didn't manage to place an order for Nexus 6 pre-order on Flipkart, worry not. You'll be able order the phone starting at midnight tonight when Google's Great Online Shopping Festival kicks off.
Unlike previous version of the Nexus, however, the Nexus 6 isn't exactly an impulse buy. You'll pay Rs. 44.000 for the 32 GB version and Rs. 49,000 for the 64 GB.
The Nexus 6 is a top-of-the-line smartphone from Motorola from that runs Android 5.0 Lollipop, the latest version of Google's operating system for smartphones and tablets. It features a massive 5.96-inch display, 3 GB RAM and a powerful 2.7 GHz processor, so it should be able to handle pretty much anything you throw at with with minial lag or stuttering. There's also a 13-megapixel camera on the back, but Nexus line's track record with photography hasn't been stellar so far, so we'll have to wait and see if the pictures it takes are any good.

Sexual threats  harsh grilling: CIA methods detailed in Senate reportprint
The Senate Intelligence Committee report on US spy agency CIA’s interrogation methods during George W Bush's presidency says they were not as effective as claimed and were brutal and far worse than represented.
The 528-page executive summary of a classified 6,300 page report released on Tuesday was expected to be critical, according to earlier leaks, and it was.
The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) used methods — called enhanced interrogation techniques — like “waterboarding” (creating suffocation), “walling” (slamming suspect against the wall), slaps, sleep deprivation and  “rectal rehydration” (rectal feeding without medical necessity) and ice water baths.
US Senator Dianne Feinstein (C) talks to reporters as she walks to the Senate floor on Capitol Hill in Washington. The CIA used sexual threats, waterboarding and other harsh methods to interrogate terrorism suspects. (Reuters photo)
One suspect, Abu Zubaydah, was so badly treated during waterboarding that, the report said, he became “completely unresponsive, with bubbles rising through his open, full mouth”.
United States President Barack Obama, who ended the use of these measures in his first week in office in 2009, welcomed the release of the report and said it “reinforces my long-held view that these harsh methods were not only inconsistent with our values as nation, they did not serve our broader counterterrorism efforts or our national security interests”.
In a separate statement, CIA said the report had “too many flaws to stand as a public record” of the enhanced interrogation programme.
Security for US facilities and individuals overseas has been stepped up to prepare for any backlash from the publication of the report.
“There are some indications that the release of the report could lead to a greater risk that is posed to US facilities and individuals all around the world, so the administration has taken the prudent steps to ensure that the proper security precautions are in place at US facilities around the globe,” said White House spokesperson Josh Earnest on Monday.
Officials insisted preparations for handling the backlash, if any, have been on for a while ever since the release of the report became a possibility. They were re-emphasised last week.
State department spokesperson Jen Psaki said “all chiefs of mission were asked to review their mission security posture in advance of the upcoming release of the report” several months ago.
“That was something that we reiterated again over the last couple of days given the likely pending release,” she added.
The Senate committee is expected to release a 500-page summary of the report, which runs into about 6,300 pages on Tuesday. A 100-page declassified version of the CIA response is also expected to be made public at the same time.
The CIA has been opposed to release of the report fearing consequences for those named, even by their aliases — won’t be hard to make out who is who among them.
The spy agency used these interrogation methods in the war against terror in the aftermath of 9/11, and claims it has had all the necessary authorisation — and the Bush administration agrees.
“We’re fortunate to have men and women who work hard at the CIA serving on our behalf,” said George W Bush, who authorised them, in a TV interview. “These are patriots and whatever the report says, if it diminishes their contributions to our country, it is way off base.”
This image shows the front page of the report. (AFP photo)

Jharkhand records 61 per cent polling in third phase of Assembly electionsPress Trust of India | Dec 09, 2014 at  07:11pm IST
Ranchi: An estimated 60.89 per cent polling was recorded in 17 assembly constituencies of Jharkhand where polling for the third of the five-phase took place on Tuesday. Official sources said polling was by and large incident-free amidst elaborate security arrangements.
While Silli assembly constituency recorded the highest 74.77 per cent of polling, Ranchi registered the lowest at 44.44 per cent.
EC sources said Koderma assembly segment recorded 64.80 per cent followed by Barkatha 65.10 per cent, Barhi 65.27 per cent, Barkagaon 60.25 per cent, Mandu 60.07 per cent, Hazaribagh 58.50 per cent, Simaria 60.79 per cent, Dhanwar 63.51 per cent, Gomia 66.12 per cent, Bermo 60.23 per cent, Ichagarh 71 per cent, Ramgarh 63 per cent.
While Silli assembly constituency recorded the highest 74.77 per cent of polling, Ranchi registered the lowest at 44.44 per cent.
Ranchi, Hatia and Kanke, where polling  ended at 5.00 PM, recorded 55.45 per cent and 56.27 per cent voting respectively.
Earlier, polling for 33 of the 81 seats had been concluded on November 25 and December 2 with 61.92 per cent and 64.68 per cent voter turnout. Jharkhand Governor Syed Ahmed and Chief Minister Hemant Soren cast their votes for Ranchi and Hatia Assembly segments.
Eight MLAs are seeking re-election in the third phase. Polling for 33 of the 81 seats was held on November 25 and December 2, which registered 61.92 per cent and 64.68 per cent turnout respectively.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Buffalo meat export expected to swell 50% this yearBuffalo meat export expected to swell 50% this year
Dilip Kumar Jha | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 10:33 PM IST
India’s buffalo meat export is expected to rise 50 per cent over last year, with Russia opening its market after a decade.
Russian regulator Rosselkhoznadzor announced on Thursday that the country’s veterinary and phytosanitary service, Rosselkhoznadzor, together with Kazakhstan’s agriculture ministry, had included Indian buffalo meat producers on the register of bodies and individuals involved in the production, processing and/or storage of goods transported to the territory of the customs union of Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan.
“India replaced Vietnam to emerge the world’s largest supplier of buffalo meat in global markets last year. For several years, our buffalo meat exports have been rising by 25-40 per cent annually. This year we would surpass $6 billion,” said Ajai Sahai, director-general of the Federation of Indian Export Organisations. India’s export of buffalo meat was $4.35 bn in 2013-14, a rise of 36 per cent from $3.2 bn in 2012-13.
Until recently, Russia was among a number of countries which had banned import of meat and poultry products from India, due to an earlier occurrence of foot and mouth disease. The others had lifted the ban. Strict quality norms and lack of government initiatives restricted India’s entry into the Russian meat and poultry  market.
India exported only $195 million of agri products to Russia in 2013-14. And, despite supplying 60 per cent of the world’s buffalo meat, India was absent from the Russian market. Now, rising inflation due to supply shortage impelled the Russian government to seek alternatives, including India, due to the economic sanctions imposed by America and the European Union.
“The Russian market will further increase our exports and strengthen our presence in global markets,” said Rashid Kazmi, president, All India Meat & Livestock Exporters Association.
India exports around $4,500 mn worth of meat and poultry products annually, of which buffalo meat is 95 per cent.
There is speculation that the coming visit of President Vladimir Putin to India would see the opening of more agri product imports from India, as a ban on import of such products from the West started last week.

Morning links: Just before Garner death  N.Y. legislature passed bill to protect bad copsBy Radley Balko December 9 Follow @radleybalko
Just weeks before Eric Garner’s death, the New York legislature passed a union-backed bill that would make it much more difficult to fire bad cops. It passed by a combined vote of 189-4.
A fascinating tale of a Tulia-like botched drug raid in a small Colorado town and of the very different ways in which the raid was portrayed in the local media.
Here is the fairest, most thorough treatment of the difficult campus rape issue I’ve seen so far.
Puppycide : L.A. deputies shoot a pregnant dog after going to the wrong house and ignoring a “Beware of Dog” sign.
Applying the “broken windows” model to the police themselves .
RIP, Dollree Mapp , “the Rosa Parks of the Fourth Amendment.”
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Sterling Hospitals launches phone app for healthcareSterling Hospitals launches phone app for healthcare
BS Reporter |  Dec 09, 2014 08:50 PM IST
After foraying into diagnostics, Sterling Addlife India Ltd, which owns and manages the largest chain of corporate hospitals in Gujarat, has now launched a comprehensive healthcare application for mobile phones that would enable its patients to have access to medical services such as doctors and diagnostic appointments etc
Launching the application here in Ahmedabad, Rajiv Sharma, chief operating officer, Sterling Hospitals, said that it will also help patients to access personal medical reports as well as ordering medicines. Sterling claims that it is the first hospital chain in Gujarat to have such a mobile application.
"We are trying to position ourselves as a contemporary and technologically advanced chain of hospitals," Sharma said. The application, which is compatible for android and i-Phone,  allows a user to book an appointment with a doctor, or a diagnostic test, view the pathology reports directly on mobile, get information about all doctors at the hospital, as well contact in case of emergency situations.
The backend architecture for the application has been developed in-house while some development has also been done by third-party service providers. "There are 130 million smartphone users in India and the numbers are growing, and services increasingly need to factor in these advancements in technology to enhance the user's convenience," Sharma said.  Earlier, in September Sterling forayed into the diagnostics business through a new company called Sterling Accuris Wellness Ltd. This new company will operate diagnostic centers including radiology and pathology under the brand name 'Sterling Accuris Diagnostics'.

Protesters block highway  stop train inCaliforniaBy: Associated Press | Berkeley |
Posted: December 9, 2014 9:12 pm
Hundreds of people marched through Berkeley for a third night a row, blocking a major highway and stopping a train as activists in this ultra-liberal bastion protest grand jury decisions not to indict white police officers in the deaths of two unarmed black men.
Protesters blocked traffic on both sides of a major highway in Berkeley, while another group stood on and sat on train tracks, forcing an Amtrak passenger train to stop on December 8 night.
A large group of people began peacefully marching earlier Monday through downtown Berkeley. The first stop for demonstrators shouting, “Who do you protect? Peaceful protest” was the Berkeley Police Department. A line of officers in riot gear blocked them from getting close to the building. The group then headed to a Bay Area Rapid Transit train station and sat outside, prompting authorities to briefly shut down the station.
The protests started after a Nov. 24 decision by the grand jury not to indict officer Darren Wilson in the killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. A New York grand jury on Dec. 3 declined to prosecute a police officer captured on video applying a fatal chokehold on Eric Garner. That decision set off another series of demonstrations nationwide.
Police said nearly 160 people were arrested Monday night.
The California Highway Patrol arrested 150 people on suspicion of resisting arrest, obstructing police and other charges.
Berkeley Officer Jennifer Coats says nine other people, including a juvenile, were arrested in the liberal city during a protest that grew to as large as 1,500 people. Five people were arrested Sunday, police said.
Merchants in downtown Berkeley on Monday cleaned up broken glass and took stock of the previous night’s looting after a protest that turned violent Sunday night.
Although many activists in other parts of the country have gone home, demonstrations in Berkeley and Oakland are still active, reflecting the area’s long history of protest dating to the 1960s.
The crowds that came out to protest in Berkeley numbered only a few hundred, but some are not college students or residents so much as full-time demonstrators who protest anything _ war, prison conditions and economic inequality _ and sometimes use demonstrations as a pretext for violence and vandalism, just as they did during the Occupy Wall Street movement.
Berkeley Mayor Tom Bates said a tiny fraction of protesters are obscuring the wider message calling for reform of policing policies nationwide.
“The people in the Bay Area are sensitive to worldwide issues,” Bates said. “Unfortunately, there is a small element that uses violence at times to make their point.”
Bates called the violent elements of the demonstration “cowards and thugs who need to take off their masks.”

Senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse elevated as leader of house in MaharashtraCouncilWritten by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai |
Posted: December 9, 2014 9:12 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 9:13 pm
Senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse has been elevated to the post of leader of house in state legislative council after being overlook for the post of chief minister. Highly placed sources in the BJP revealed to Indian Express, “At this moment the BJP is trying to ensure power balance within the government.”
Sources said, “It was evident from the beginning that Khadse was never considered by Centre or state for the chief minister role in state. He may have been amongst the aspirants but party did not accept his candidature.”
The Chief Minister of Maharshtra, Devendra Fadnavis, is the leader of house in state legislative assembly.
According to a central BJP functionary, “In state council, which is dominated by the Congress and NCP, the party would require someone senior and seasoned as well as vocal to tackle the opposition.”
At present Khadse holds the ministry of revenue, minorities affairs and wakf board. Indications are decision to make Khadse leader of house in council was to assuage his hurt feelings. It also indicated that Centre and state have made it clear that Khadse would be number two in the government.
In the Shiv Sena and BJP government there is no deputy chief minister as party did not want a parallel power centre to create a hurdle in the functioning of Fadnavis.
After the assembly elections Khadse had thrown his hat in the race for the chief ministerial post. He had often indicated that he was not only the senior most leader but also had experience of having served in the Shiv Sena and BJP government during 1995 to 1999.
However, post election results, Centre had taken the decision to make young and dynamic BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis as the first party’s chief minister of Maharashtra.
Even after formation of the cabinet Khadse’s taunts against Fadnavis continued. There were instances on how Khadse’ blunt talk often exposed his unhappiness or cracks within the cabinet.
Sources in the BJP indicated, “The Centre is clear that Fadnavis remains unchallenged as number one leader in government. And that Khadse has been specifically given the role in council because of his experience.”
It has been stated that, “Both Prime Minister Narendra Modi and all India president Amit Shah don’t buckle under pressure from individuals. And decisions or roles are given as per merit.”
Adding, “There is another senior minister for cooperation Chadrakant Patil who is also at equal footing with Khadse and given other responsibilities of coordination amongst the ministers.”

Romania seeks to enhance economic ties with ...You are here: Home > Collections > Romania
Romania seeks to enhance economic ties with India
PTI Dec 9, 2014, 08.29PM IST
Tags:
Romania
(A ten-member Romanian delegation…)
NEW DELHI: A ten-member Romanian delegation currently on a visit to India has expressed its desire to enhance bilateral engagement with the country in Parliamentary and economic spheres.
The all-party delegation led by Valeriu Stefan Zgone, President of the Chambers of Deputies, Parliament of Romania called on Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu and explored possibilities of enhancing bilateral cooperation, according to a senior Ministry official.
Both the sides opined that the present level of bilateral trade of about USD 666 million is inadequate to the potential and needed to be increased by identifying new areas of cooperation for mutual benefit.
Naidu gave a detailed account of functioning of Parliament and the Constitutional scheme of Parliamentary democracy in India and enquired about the political systems in Romania.
Zgone invited Naidu to visit Romania to further ties between the two countries.
Naidu also briefed the Romanian delegation, on a six-day visit, about the various initiatives launched by the Central government like 'Make in India', 'Skill India', 'Digital India' and 'Clean India'.
The two sides also exchanged views on urban development initiatives in both the countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Go back to China : Ex-Bengaluru cop s daughter toldComments
The 34-year-old daughter of former police commissioner of Bengaluru and ex-MP HT Sangliana was allegedly racially abused by two women who told her to 'go back to China' at a mall in Bangalore on Sunday.
Speaking to HT, Sangliana, who is the only person from the northeast (Mizoram) to win a Lok Sabha seat from south India, said that his daughter Rachel was hit by two women when she argued with a man who accompanying them.
"The man broke the queue at the cash counter and she questioned him. There was heated argument. The man left the spot only to return with two women who roughed up my daughter. Then they said 'go back to China'."
However, Rachel has not filed a police complaint. "The police can take up the matter suo motu case. We don't want to pursue the matter," Sangliana said.
Earlier in October, Bengaluru police arrested three men who reportedly assaulted a Manipuri student with rocks for not speaking the local language. The incident triggered a storm across the country, putting the spotlight on racial attacks against the people from the northeast.

http://usat.ly/1wc6qMaEMAIL
AFP/Getty
It’s never too early to start looking for the companies could be the profit growth winners of next year.
There are 8 non-financial companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 where analysts expect to see the biggest profit jumps from next year of 50% or more. These companies include construction material maker Vulcan (VMC) , solar firm First Solar (FSLR) and automaker General Motors (GM) , according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
It’s still 2014, true. And third-quarter earnings season only just ended and the fourth quarter is still underway. But markets are forward looking. And if you subscribe to the idea that stocks price in earnings way ahead of time, you’ll want to pay attention to the stocks seen generating the top profit growth.
When it comes to growth in 2015, few companies will approach the power of Vulcan Materials, which produces and sells construction materials including concrete. Analysts are calling for the company to earn $1.79 a share from adjusted earnings next year, says S&P Capital IQ. That would be an impressive 109% increase from the 86 cents a share the company earned on an adjusted basis in 2013.
Investors are also hopeful that First Solar will shoot out the lights. The company is expected to post an annual profit of $4.46 a share in 2015, up from $2.66 in 2014. Keep in mind that earnings in 2014 fell dramatically from $4.40 a share in 2013.
Investors shouldn’t pick stocks just on expectations for future earnings. After all, the analysts might be wrong. But it’s clear that there’s a handful of companies where next year is seen as being very big.
S&P 500 COMPANIES EXPECTED TO POST HIGHER ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARES GROWTH IN 2015
Company

2 years after the horrific Delhi gangrape  safety apps for women come as boonDec 10, 2014 at  10:53am IST
2 years after the horrific Delhi gangrape, safety apps for women come as boon
40
1
After the horrific December 16, 2012 gangrape of a paramedical student by six men in a moving bus in Delhi, many mobile phone companies and private groups launched safety apps for women. All such apps claim to have several features which can prove to be very useful if a person is in distress and needs help immediately.
Smart cloud Infotech company launched an app called 'Nirbhaya: Be Fearless' in January 2013 and it to the brave girl 23-year-old paramedic student who was brutally raped and assaulted in Delhi. She was called "Nirbhaya" (fearless) for putting up a brave fight.
Nirbhaya: Be Fearless is an android emergency application which can send a distress call or emergency message to a specified contact or group in an emergency situation a woman or any other individual. The correct location, information and communication with and from the app is dependent upon the basic hardware/software requirements, like - Active Data plan, SMS plan, minimum talk time and active GPS functionality.
After the horrific December 16, 2012 gangrape of a paramedical student by six men in a moving bus in Delhi, many mobile phone companies and private groups launched safety apps for women.
#delhi gangrape #nirbhaya #december 16 gangrape #uber cab
SmartCloud Infotech Product Manager Swati Tanwar said, "It can easily be used as a safety utility that will help create a safe heaven for women in the cities and countries where they live."
"It can be used in case of attempted molestation, accident, family emergency, etc. through pre-defined text messages," Tanwar added.
The app rapidly gained popularity with almost 19000 downloads. The company added some new features like Geo fence and Stamp through which a user will be able to mark her current location or any other location on the map as safe or unsafe in in update released in 2014.
Varnika Gupta, a 22-year-old Delhi University student,  uses 'Safetipin', a mobile phone app developed by Active Solutions Pvt Ltd which was launched in November 2013.
"I have been using this app since six months now and I must say it's really very helpful. In fact I have recommended all my friends to download this app. In the wake of the gruesome rape, such apps are a boon to us," Gupta said.
Safetipin is a map-based online and mobile phone application that works to make our cities safer by providing safety-related information.
Kalpana Viswanath from Safetipin said, "As women have been known to carry safety pins for their protection, this app also plays the same role."
The owners are now planning to add a new feature in the app called as safest route for people to use.
Rachna Chaudhary, a 25-year-old working professional uses Vith U, a mobile application conceptualised by Channel V in November 2013.
The mobile app is activated by tapping the power button, which immediately sends alert messages to all the contacts.
"It's a very good initiative taken by the channel. I really like the features of this app and I even recommended it on Facebook. It is the need of the hour to protect women in every possible way," Chaudhary said.
These safety apps are just one of many  developments that have taken place to ensure safety of women following the gruesome gangrape of "Nirbhaya", which led to massive protests and heated discussions in the country. It even forced the government into enacting a stringent anti-rape law.
128

Stocks drop 1% as China fuels global worriesNASDAQ
---
The Dow Jones Industrial Average shed as much as 222 points, and ended down 51.28 points, or 0.3 percent, at 17,801.20, with blue-chip losses led by Verizon Communications after the wireless carrier late Monday said promotional offers and price cuts would dent its fourth-quarter profit.
Merck & Co. also weighed on the Dow after saying it would go ahead with its $8.4 billion acquisition of Cubist Pharmaceuticals regardless of a court ruling that could hasten onto the market generic versions of Cubist's best-selling product.
The S&P 500 shed half a point to 2,059.82, with telecommunications the poorest performer and energy the best among its 10 major sectors.
The Nasdaq rose 25.77 points, or 0.5 percent, to 4,766.47.
For every two shares falling, roughly three gained on the New York Stock Exchange, where 834 million shares traded. Composite volume neared 4 billion.
The CBOE Volatility Index , a measure of investor uncertainty, jumped 4.8 percent to 14.89.
The Shanghai Composite Index tanked more than 5 percent and gold jumped 2.9 percent as investors sought a safe haven.
Moving to propel local governments from using hazy financing instruments to raise funds, China stepped up its efforts at creating a more transparent municipal bond market.
"What really spooked the market is they restricted riskier forms of debt for collateral. They are basically indicating the economy is probably slowing at a faster pace than anticipated," said Cardillo.
Obamacare not going away: Cleveland Clinic CEO
CNBC's Scott Cohn, and Toby Cosgrove, Cleveland Clinic CEO, discuss the future of the Affordable Care Act.
Oil bounced back from a five-year low, with West Texas Intermediate lately up 77 cents, or 1.2 percent, at $63.82 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Gold futures jumped $37.10, or 3.1 percent, to $1,232.00 an ounce.
"Mr. Market is still trying to figure out if falling energy prices are good or bad and if they are dropping because of supply or demand," said Nick Raich, CEO at the Earnings Scout, in emailed commentary.
Read More Oil's impact on stocks: Barrel half empty, half full
The U.S. dollar edged lower against the currencies of major U.S. trading partners; the yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell 4 basis points to 2.2191 percent.
On Monday, U.S. stocks fell sharply, with benchmarks retreating from records and the energy sector slammed as the price of crude fell below $63 a barrel for the first time since July 2009.

Senate Expected to Release CIA Torture Report MomentarilyHELP
[{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","description":"Up close and personal to a few of China's Giant Pandas, live from Bifengxia, the largest panda reserve and research center in the world.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"}]

TDSAT sets aside Rs 650 cr fine on Airtel  Rs 100 cr on VodaTDSAT sets aside Rs 650 cr fine on Airtel  Rs 100 cr on Voda
Greek deflation cools in November  prices down by 1.2 per cent in November: DataGreek deflation cools in November  prices down by 1.2 per cent in November: Data
75% of MBA students at IIT-M get placed75% of MBA students at IIT-M get placed
Axis Bank launches fixed home loan for affordable housing segmentAxis Bank launches fixed home loan for affordable housing segment
Youth booked for attempting to rapeYouth booked for attempting to rape
Indian shares hit Chinese wall  Nifty tanks 1.16% on sell-offIndian shares hit Chinese wall  Nifty tanks 1.16% on sell-off
Cisco showcases three Made in India productsCisco showcases three ‘Made in India’ products
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bengaluru, December 9:  
Networking major Cisco on Tuesday showcased three networking products conceptualised and designed in India that it says will enable the vision of a digitised India.
The three products from the Cisco India Development Centre are next generation communication technologies spanning the areas of mobility, cloud and computing technologies.
The ASR 920-O is a rugged, temperature hardened, high-throughput, small form factor and low power consumption router designed to perform in the Indian environment.
The ISR 800 M is a cost-effectiverouter that simplifies large-scale wireless wide area network deployments providing secure connectivity to retail stores, bank branches, small offices etc.
The MDS 9250i is Cisco’s next generation storage area network (SAN) switch and enables a cost-effective ‘SAN in a box’ in small enterprises while providing high performance replication and disaster recovery capabilities to large enterprises.
Reverse innovation
“We have 11,000 engineers, of which 8,000 are into product development. The three products are made from India, made for India and will help enable a Digital India. The products continue Cisco’s tradition of ‘reverse innovation’, where engineers in India design products to address the requirements of emerging countries like India but end up developing products that are globally attractive and competitive,” said Amit Phadnis, President, Engineering and India Site Leader, Cisco Systems India Private Ltd.
Stating that innovation is a core part of the Cisco culture, wherein, $5.9 billion is invested annually in R&D worldwide, he said 830 patents have been filed from India and 500 patents issued for innovations across all technologies.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Court tells RBI to get tough with banksCourt tells RBI to get tough with banks
Vinson Kurian
Asks them to enforce client accountability; improve communication with customers
Thiruvananthapuram, December 9:  
The Supreme Court has asked the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to demand responsible behaviour from banks while communicating with customers.
Especially so, while making transactions in rural areas or when dealing with the poor, who may have little knowledge of what they are signing up for.
Right to Information (RTI) activist S Dheenadhayalan says the customer can now look forward to a level-playing field.
A top RBI official is on record as saying that “a great threat arises from the asymmetry between information and power between FIs and poor consumers.”
The official said, “This means that there is a real potential for negative outcomes arising out of institutional abuses or ill-informed client decisions.”
An RBI Master Circular, issued on July 1 this year, asked banks to ensure entry of correct and legible particulars in the pass-books and statement of accounts.
Electronic clearing
In the case of electronic clearing and electronic fund transfer, banks do not provide details. This is in spite of the particulars provided by the receiving bank.
In some cases, computerised entries use codes which just cannot be deciphered, the RBI said.
It added that banks ensure that brief, intelligible particulars are entered in passbooks/statement of account.
This was followed by a Supreme Court clarification recently on admissibility of computer records but subject to stringent conditions.
Generally, the loan accounts bear a foot-note saying “any discrepancy in this statement has to be brought to the notice of the bank within a period of seven days.” But now a bank will be required to ensure that the statement of account is in conformity with section 65 (B) (2) of the Evidence Act, Dheenadhayalan said.
Same page
It will need to be in congruity with the ledger folio and with the contractual rights and obligations, followed by the disclaimer about discrepancies, if any. For instance, bank computers charge interest regularly on a loan account and then issue internal “systemic vouchers” for these entries every month.
But these are not shared with customers who may not be tracking their accounts.
The customers are charged a normal interest, which shows up in the loan accounts. But, as RTI documents show, they are unaware of the actual amount, which could vary from month to month.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Lending rate cuts on the horizon: SBI ChiefSBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya
Mumbai, December 9:  
The recent spate of downward revision in deposit rates by banks is an indication that lending rate cuts are on the horizon, according to State Bank of India chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya.
Over the last week ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and SBI have cut their retail term deposit rates by 25-50 basis points on select maturity buckets.
“Obviously the fact that we are adjusting rates on the deposit-taking side means that going forward all of us are seeing a lending rate cut. That is absolutely clear.
Time not fixed
“But exactly when it will happen is not really something that I can tell you right now,” she said.
The SBI chief elaborated that banks are waiting for signs of credit pick up.
“When we cut lending rates, income comes down. We need some other ways of making up that income in order to keep paying the depositors their interest. That can always happen if the credit growth is quite robust and volumes pick up,” she explained.
On whether a repo rate (interest rate at which banks borrow short-term funds from the central bank) cut could trigger a lending rate cut, the SBI chief pointed out that banks are flush with liquidity and they are hardly taking anything from the repo window. “Repo rate is a signal (for downward movement in interest rates). So, a 25 or a 50 basis points cut in repo rate doesn’t really make all that great a difference,” she said.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Govt focussed on ease of doing business: TVS chiefGovt focussed on ease of doing business: TVS chief
Our Bureau
Tweet
( from left) Venu Srinivasan, CMD, TVS Motor Co Ltd; Ranjit Pratap, Chairman, Southern Region, Indo German Chamber of Commerce; and Bernhard Steinruecke, Director- General , Indo German Chamber of Commerce, at the annual regional meet of IGCC, in Chennai on December 8. Photo: Bijoy Ghosh
Chennai, December 9:  
India is reinforcing its strength as a manufacturing hub with the Centre launching second generation reforms focussed on ease of doing business, according to Venu Srinivasan, Chairman and Managing Director, TVS Motors.
Addressing the annual regional meet of the Indo-German Chamber of Commerce on Monday here, Srinivasan said the Central government has signalled its intentions to speed up clearances, remove bottlenecks, enact labour law reforms and boost infrastructure development. Tamil Nadu is among the top six performing States with inherent strengths in a wide range of sectors particularly manufacturing and pharma exports.
Local tie-ups
While big companies such as automobile makers can come in alone into India, small- and medium-sector players will need to partner with someone who knows the local market and conditions, he said. But for a partnership to endure “there has to be a viable economic reason.” The relationship should be complementary with each partner bringing in clearly defined value to the deal either in the form of technology, funding or market access and global reach for mutual benefit, he said.
The business partners should also agree ahead ‘who gets what’ in case they need to separate.
Specific policies
Tamil Nadu Industries Secretary, CV Sankar, said Tamil Nadu’s GSDP is the second largest in India after Maharashtra and the State is the third biggest destination for foreign investments and is among the top three exporters. It has announced sector-specific policies to encourage various segments of the industry.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Ban on US poultry items: India to appeal against WTO rulingIndustry asks Govt to appeal as farmers will be hit if the curbs go
New Delhi, December 9:  
India has decided to challenge a ruling by the World Trade Organisation (WTO) against a ban it imposed on imports of chicken legs and other farm products from the US.
India had banned these imports on fears that they could result in spread of the bird flu. The WTO’s dispute settlement body, ruling on a petition filed by the US, found the restrictions violative of global trade rules.
The Commerce Ministry, following discussions with the Department of Animal Husbandry (which had notified the ban), has concluded that there is enough ground to appeal against the WTO dispute body ruling, a Government official told BusinessLine.
“We will appeal against the panel ruling at the WTO Appellate Body soon and have already asked our lawyers to work on it,” the official said.
In October, a WTO panel ruled that India’s import curbs on farm products, including poultry, from the US – on fears that “low-intensity” bird flu can affect public health – were not in line with multilateral trade rules.
It ruled that the restrictions were not based on scientific principles and maintained without sufficient scientific evidence.
The ruling has implications for the domestic poultry sector as the Union Government can no longer restrict import of cheap chicken legs from the US on the basis of reports of low-intensity bird flu in that country.
The poultry industry had urged the Government to appeal against the rule as removing the ban would hit farmers, still recovering from the effects of bird flu.
“We believe that we can prove that our fears of low pathogenic strains of bird are valid. Our lawyers are going through the details of the ruling and we will prepare a strong case,” the official said.
The US had argued that the ban imposed by India on import of poultry products from countries’ reporting outbreaks of low pathogenic notifiable avian influenza has no basis scientifically and also not supported by World Organisation for Animal Health.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Buy a Samsung phone online and get a brickBuy a phone online and get a brick
Bloomberg | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 09:20 PM IST
Laxminarayan Krishnamurthy figured a Samsung Galaxy Core 2 smartphone would make a perfect gift for his wife. When the package arrived from e-tailer Snapdeal.com, it contained a brick and soap. No phone.
The Mumbai retiree was told the phone was stolen by unscrupulous middlemen transporting the package. So Krishnamurthy did what a lot of annoyed consumers do; he went on Facebook and vented.
Online sales in India are exploding, but there are a lot of unhappy customers these days like Krishnamurthy. The logistics infrastructure -- warehouses, skilled workers, planes -- isn't fully in place to make online shopping the mostly seamless experience Americans and Chinese take for granted.
ALSO READ:  Online commerce firms should fear consumer backlash
"Had ordered a samsung mobile through snapdeal and we got a soap bar!!!" he wrote on his page. "The worst customer service ever received!!!" His rant was shared more than 21,000 times as consumers chimed in with their own complaints of theft, damaged goods and lost or delayed orders from Snapdeal, Flipkart.com and Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN), India's biggest Web stores.
The shoddy service could undermine efforts by Web merchants to build customer loyalty in a market whose sales value may jump 70 percent to $6 billion next year.
"The customer can forgive you one time, but if it's a repeated thing they won't," said Pragya Singh, associate vice president for retail at consultant Technopak Advisors Pvt. "You will get branded as a player who says something and doesn't live up to that promise."
The stakes are high. Since July, foreign investors including billionaires Masayoshi Son and Yuri Milner have pumped a combined $3.6 billion into Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon. Flush with cash, online retailers are fighting a vicious price war to gain buyers, said Ritesh Chandra, an executive director at Mumbai-based investment bank Avendus Capital Pvt.
The three weeks leading up to the Diwali festival in October were among the busiest periods in Indian e-commerce history, as all the major retailers offered sales to woo customers.
Market leader Flipkart held its biggest sale ever on Oct. 6, running full page ads in national newspapers and television commercials promising discounts of as much as 90 percent. Amazon and Snapdeal held monthlong sales with additional offers on select days. The combined demand exceeded the retailers' expectations, with servers crashing and goods selling out in seconds.
"It's like organizing a party for 100 people. You're prepared for about 120 or 130. But if 300 people show up then it's a serious problem," said Vijay Ghadge, chief operating officer of delivery company Gojavas Ltd., which ships packages for all the major retailers.
Agencies monitoring consumer grievances also witnessed a surge of complaints, as shoppers took to the Internet and social media to gripe about delayed or lost goods and poor customer service. Akosha.com, a company that acts as a middleman in getting consumer grievances resolved, received almost double the number of e-commerce complaints in October, compared with the average of the preceding six months, it said.
The single biggest hurdle was a shortage of cargo space on airlines, said Neeraj Aggarwal, Flipkart's senior director for supply chain. Crates of shipments piled up at airports as planes ran out of space, and delivery companies couldn't meet schedules, the online retailers said.
"If you depend completely on air cargo as your only mode of transport, you are going to be asking for trouble," Bengaluru-based Aggarwal said in a phone interview.
Warehouse Pickup
Lakshmi Narayanan Baskaran in Chennai in south India decided it would be quicker to take matters into his own hands when the LED TV that he ordered at an 8,000 rupee ($129) discount on Snapdeal wasn't delivered three days after the promised date.
The 22-year-old software interface designer joined a friend and they visited three warehouses over two days, and finally found the TV at a temporary facility located about 18 kilometers (11 miles) outside the city.
"It was a super painful process," Baskaran said in a phone interview. "We were angry but there was no use complaining. The staff at the warehouse were all very tired and had been working for 24 hours straight."
India is projected to surpass the U.S. as the nation with the second-largest online population this month, according to the Internet and Mobile Association of India. Yet people are doing little Web shopping. Less than half a percent of the nation's retail sales come from the Internet, compared to 6 percent in the U.S. and 5 percent in China, according to Technopak.
Burning Cash
Getting all those first-time customers to shop online means giving lots of discounts, and Web retailers are doing that by "burning cash" at a rapid pace, Avendus Capital's Chandra said.
"No one is making money now. That's the biggest issue," New Delhi-based Chandra said.
Losses for both Snapdeal and Flipkart more than doubled in the year ended March 31. Snapdeal's parent posted losses of 2.64 billion rupees, whereas Flipkart's two main entities lost 7.16 billion rupees in the same period, according to filings with India's Registrar of Companies.
Before online transactions picked up about three years ago, logistics providers in India were focused on shipping packages and cargoes between businesses. Building a delivery network for e-commerce has been more complex because there are millions of individual customers distributed across the nation's more than 100,000 zip codes, compared with a small number of corporate clients confined to business districts.
"In India, logistics is a very, very complicated business," Technopak's Singh said. "There is so much paperwork and rules, and every state is different."
Theft, Fraud
E-retailers and logistics companies hired thousands of employees this year, though weak policing and monitoring processes have led to plenty of instances of theft or fraud, Singh said.
Companies are taking steps to prevent a repeat of this year's delivery nightmare. Flipkart, for instance, plans to depend more on trucks rather than airplanes alone, and hire college students for temporary jobs during the big sales. Delivery company Ecom Express is using airports at smaller cities like Pune near Mumbai where traffic is lighter. It is also acquiring high throughput sorting machines, co-founder Sanjeev Saxena said.
Shopping Festival
The lessons learned from the Diwali nightmare will be tested as Google Inc. kicks off its annual three-day online shopping festival starting tomorrow. The Web search company has recruited about 400 participants including brick-and-mortar and online retailers, restaurant chains and airline companies to offer sales. Delivery companies have hired more workers and equipment to handle the additional workload, Ghadge from Gojavas said.
For Krishnamurthy, the retired bank employee in Mumbai, the brick in a box was the last straw after more than 20 purchases on Snapdeal. An investigation by the company revealed that the seller and the logistics company had colluded to steal the phone, Krishnamurthy said, citing a conversation with a Snapdeal sales representative. The company eventually gave him a refund two weeks after the package arrived.
Unprecedented Volume
Anjana Swaminathan, a Snapdeal spokeswoman, didn't respond to e-mail questions about Krishnamurthy's order and other damaged and misplaced orders. In a statement, Amazon said the "unprecedented high volume" of goods movement during the festive season led to delays in shipments and the company is working to resolve all issues.
"I have stopped shopping online," Krishnamurthy, who used to work at state-owned lender Central Bank of India, said by phone from his home in Mumbai. "E-commerce in India has a lot to learn."
His online encounter wasn't a total loss. The dishwashing soap he received along with the brick was made by the Indian unit of Unilever Plc (HUVR), and the company tried to rectify what it called the "negative consumer experience" by sending him the same model of the Samsung smartphone he had ordered for his wife.
"Here's a small gesture from our side to cheer you up," read a note inside the package which included two bottles of Unilever's dishwasher liquid.
"That was really something," Krishnamurthy said. "I can't believe how one Facebook post triggered all this."

Essar Steel to focus on value added steel products for growthEssar Steel to focus on value added steel products for growth
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Dec 09, 2014 08:55 PM IST
With most of the value added steel products in India being imported, one of the leading steel makers in the country - Essar Steel - has turned its focus on making value added products to cater to the emerging demand from defence sector.
"Defence is an important sector, where the company has entered in a big way. India currently imports 100,000 tonnnes of steel annual to meet defence requirement. Essar Steel's efforts are towards reducing imports and make the country self-reliant in critical sector like defence," said, M Venkatraman, senior vice-president, head- R&D, Product Development & Application Engineering, Essar Steel.
He added that this is line with the government's plan to indigenise defence sector production. In fact, Essar Steel has in recent months won an order from the Defence Metallurgical Research Laboratory (DMRL), Hyderabad to develop special Quenched and Tempered (QT) with a strength level of 1700 MPa (megapasacl) for use in latest version of battle tanks. 
According to the company, Defence uses special advanced steels for its warships, battle tanks and other military equipment. Most of these products are imported by the company.
Essar Steel's increased focus on value added products could be gauged from the fact that the newly launched value added products by the company now form the 50 per cent of the company's total product basket. "We will focus on value added products in niche segment.
"Automotive industry is the biggest consumer of steel. The company has also intensified its Research and Development (R&D) efforts," Venkatraman stated.
The company is also open to investing in R&D for special segments. "The thrust to develop high value import-substitute products that conform to the international standards. R&D efforts over the year have enabled the company to become versatile steel producer with capability to produce special steel for all the premier segments such as automobile, boiler and pressure vessels, shipbuilding, defence and yellow goods," he added. Essar Steel currently produces over 300 grades of steel.
It may be mentioned here that the company last month commissioned its pallet complex in Odisha. The company also intends to invest Rs 1,500 crore over the next year and plans to complete the second phase of a six million tonnes per annum (mtpa) pellet plant at Paradeep in Odisha. It will also take up a 1.35 mtpa coke oven plant at Hazira, Gujarat.

State govt concerned about farmers  says senior BJP leaderState govt concerned about farmers, says senior BJP leader
Press Trust Of India | Rajkot Dec 09, 2014 08:55 PM IST
Senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader and in-charge of the party in Gujarat, Dinesh Sharma, on Tuesday said here that the Gujarat government is concerned about farmers demanding higher minimum support prices (MSP) for cotton and groundnut.
"The Gujarat state government is aware about the issue and they are in touch with the central government to take appropriate decision for the benefit of cotton growing farmers," Sharma said when asked about widespread protests across the state by farmers.
Demanding increase in the MSP of cotton as well as groundnut, farmers in the Saurashtra and Kutch regions have been agitating since last few weeks. Recently, an RSS-affiliated farmers body, Bhartiya Kisan Sangh (BKS) had organised a rally as well as submitted a memorandum to the district collector.
Meanwhile, former Gujarat state Agriculture Minister Dilip Sanghani said that farmers' demand for Minimum Support Price is legitimate and they should get the desired price.
"Earlier, the Congress was in power at the Centre, but now when the BJP is in power, I believe that farmers will not be disappointed," Sanghani said.

Conservative Blogger Rants Against  Propaganda  At Popular Zooreddit
A conservative blogger is taking issue with the information placards at cultural destinations in Chicago, claiming they present a partisan point of view.
A week after Megan Fox attracted 1 million YouTube views with her rant against the “bias and lies” on display at a local museum , the self-described "homeschooling mom" is at it again with a visit to a popular zoo.
Fox, whose Twitter bio says she is a “ thorn in the side of fascist-fems ,” found plenty of things to critique at Chicago's Brookfield Zoo. In video clips from the outing, Fox repeatedly accuses the zoo of having an “anti-human prejudice” because it focuses on conservation efforts instead of merely sharing basic information about the animals on display.
“Humans are bad, humans are baaaaad, very bad!” Fox says of the zoo's language about primates being at risk of extinction due to hunting and the destruction of tropical forests. (Just an aside here, the clearing of forests and the hunting of primates for food and wildlife trade are the principal threats facing the species, according to conservationists.)
Fox goes on to criticize a display on water conservation as being “propaganda” -- “What does that have to do with the zoo!?” -- as well as another “fear-mongering” display on palm oil use contributing to the destruction of the environments where orangutans live. (Environmentalists have found that the production of palm oil, used in a wide range of products from soaps to margarine, has contributed to deforestation and chemical pollution in Indonesia and Malaysia , the two countries where the bulk of it is sourced.)
In the monkey house, Fox is incredulous at the sight of a “hilarious” drawing of a human boy sitting next to an illustration of a monkey on a display about the diets of primates. "They're pushing a Darwinist theory onto everyone who walks through here," she says. "They're equating human beings with monkeys, even going so far as to have this guy sit like a monkey." (Though a surprising number of Americans don’t believe in it, the consensus of the scientific community sides with evolution .)
“It’s all political nonsense!" an exasperated Fox says in another clip. "If you are not on that side of the fence, if you don’t believe the world is ending and the world is going to burn because of human interference, if you don’t believe that, well you’re out on a limb because that’s what everything is geared toward and that worldview has overtaken these institutions that everyone should be able to enjoy!”
In an email interview with The Huffington Post, Fox reiterated her frustration with the zoo’s info displays, which she feels do not do the animals justice.
"If the goal is really to convince kids to dedicate themselves to caring about and protecting these marvelous creatures then why not connect the kids emotionally to these wonders by highlighting what special things they can do and why they enrich our planet by being here?” Fox wrote. “I believe that would be a far more effective use of the Zoo's marketing budget and exhibit space than an outdated, 1990s-looking guilt trip about how bad humans are. People don't go to the zoo for guilt trips. They go to the zoo to celebrate and wonder at animals.”
She added that she plans to continue her audits of Chicago museums and cultural institutions to “[raise] questions about the Leftist bias and political propaganda shoehorned into their exhibits.”
Fox has also received media coverage lately as she and three associates are being sued by a librarian at the Orland Park Public Library. The librarian alleges Fox has made defamatory statements about her as part of an ongoing crusade against the suburban library, which the Chicago Tribune reports has paid more than $125,000 in legal fees to deal with Fox’s accusations concerning the library’s policy on users accessing pornographic images.

Shriram Life launches assured income planUpdated: December 9, 2014 00:20 IST
Shriram Life launches assured income plan
Special Correspondent
insurance
Shriram Life Insurance Co on Monday launched Shriram Life Assured Income Plan. The new product, according to the company, is designed to meet the diverse needs of customers. The features of the new product included life cover for the full policy-term and periodical guaranteed income. It has a fixed policy term (8 or 10 years) and the minimum annual premium is Rs.15,000. The plan offers additional protection through riders on payment of nominal additional rider premium, a release said.

The Millennial Mandatereddit
George Orwell once said, "Each generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it."
In the case of Millennials, no other generation has greater access to a wealth of information, and none other in history is better informed. Information is power and in our hyper-connected online world, Millennials are actively flexing their muscles. The outcome of having such power is the creation of an unspoken, but very present, "Millennial Mandate."
As one generation of wage earners punches the clock for the final time to retire and passes the fiscal torch to the next, so with it goes the transfer of buying power. Since the next group of wide-eyed wage earners represents a running increase of income potential and sustained investment upside, so, too, follows a great deal of marketing focus to win their patronage.
This massive target of 80 million young Americans will soon represent half of the workforce in the U.S. Within the next three years, they'll have more purchasing power than any other generation. It's the growth opportunity of a lifetime.
It is easy to understand that marketing to Millennials is now topping the to-do list for credit unions today. The tough question is not why credit unions need to be effective in marketing to Millennials, but rather, how?
A new way of thinking
There's no laundry list of traditional lead generation tactics to impart, or a set of simple adjustments to suggest for a new magical marketing mix. To be effective, you will be required to learn and practice a new way of thinking about marketing, and you will begin to develop a new set of tactics.
This "new way of thinking" about marketing is one you already think about as a consumer. You always have thought this way and you always will. During your training to become a marketing professional you were instructed, encouraged and convinced to think in a way that makes it extremely difficult to succeed.
The most successful marketing achievements were more often the result of a lucky coincidence than the outcome of an exacting calculation learned in college marketing textbooks. In some of those cases, your gut has been smarter than your head.
Marketing has long been defined in the dictionary as "the action of promoting and selling products or services." Read that first part again, only slower. Marketing is "the action of promoting and selling." For the past 75 years, this definition of marketing is what has been executed by companies and is accepted, and even expected, by consumers... until now.
Companies in many industries can still be seen shaking their fists in the air and circling the bonfire chanting the age old mantra of marketing, "Promote and sell! Promote and sell! Promote and sell!"
The trouble is a new generation of consumers, the Millennials, are not so willing to trust a brand, or buy a product simply because it is being promoted or sold to them.
Unlike their parents or grandparents, Millennials have adopted a different set of expectations. They hold a new standard of what is acceptable by brands who want their business. The selection criteria when making a purchase is not what it used to be, and Millennials are maintaining a much lower tolerance threshold for the well-established "promote and sell" model of yesterday. If the hypothesis is accurate, and the old ways of promotion are becoming obsolete, what then should a credit union marketer do differently?
Everything!
Simply stated, marketers should consider doing the opposite of what they have been doing.
Consider this. Our universe contains a miraculous combination of opposites all pulling and fighting against one another in a balanced tug of war. Oil and water, fire and ice, darkness and light, land and sea, life and death, love and hate, good and evil, work and slumber, progress and congress, war and peace, and on, and on.
While it is quite expected of opposites to begrudgingly repel their opponents, it is curious, if not amazing, how some opposites also attract. The north and south poles of our Earth, for example, push against one another to keep our planet from folding in on itself. Should you drop two magnets on a table however, the opposing poles will run and cling to one another like long lost lovers reunited at Grand Central Station.
As marketing professionals, we are trying to "promote and sell" our wares while our prospects are instinctively opposed to companies trying to promote or sell them anything.
Prospects are conditioned to avoid, deflect, delete, and ignore companies who try to "promote and sell." No matter how many times a marketer may try to, "promote and sell," the prospect remains unlikely to buy. Or worse... they may become so fatigued with your "promote and sell" tactics that they'll strive to avoid you completely. With all of this avoidance by prospects, how then would anyone be able to generate revenue?
Do the opposite
Replacing those aggressive "promote and sell" tactics with a focus on helping and teaching. Prospects are more likely to allow constructive relationships to flourish.
Opposites can only attract when there's also something in common. As marketers, it is our job to identify the relevance of what we are offering and demonstrate the benefits. Your new job is to earn and build trust in a relationship and to care for your members without badgering them with more sales pitches or promotions.
It's not what you're selling, nor what you say when you're selling it that people will remember, but rather, it's how you've made them feel that makes all the difference. This generation would rather pay more or even go without than support a company they do not know, like or trust.
Lack of trust isn't new. There is a long history of general skepticism for marketing abuse and questionable corporate behavior in America. The old saying, "If it sounds too good to be true, it usually is" was a catchphrase used by the Better Business Bureau since 1912.
There's plenty of historical evidence to suggest that Millennials are not the first generation to dislike being harassed by marketers, or to mistrust their annoying sales pitches, special offers and promotions. They will be, however, the first generation to universally reject companies who still practice such tactics.
Millennials, unlike their predecessors, will have, throughout their entire spending lifetime, unlimited on-demand access to knowledge, ratings and reviews.
In this new world, what you may try to say about your brand has little influence or impact if the social consensus presents a contrarian view of your business. The power of persuasion has fully shifted into the hands of the collective consumer and effectively muted the marketer's bell horn.
The Millennials, as a result, will enjoy an evolving self-governed society of clean commerce where brands will be required to tell the truth, keep their promises and cease the temptation to "promote and sell." If brands deviate from the new Millennial Mandate, they could face nation-wide rejection and prolonged boycotts, all initiated at the breakneck speed of a single tweet.
If you want to reach Millennials, stop reaching and begin teaching. Get into the conversation and develop relationships. Look for ways to give value rather than getting revenue. Be generous, entertaining, useful, relevant, and most of all, be human. These characteristics are immensely attractive to consumers, and as a marketer, you'll find that practicing attraction is much more effective than pushing yet another promotion.
Inbound Marketing
The opposite of "promote and sell" is called, "Inbound Marketing." Inbound marketing is a game-changing philosophy invented by Hubspot and suggests a new approach to doing business.
Rather than promoting your business through various forms of advertising or expensive direct marketing to get a prospect's attention; inbound marketers earn the attention of their target by producing interesting and helpful content. This activity increases your digital presence and makes your business easier to share with others through social media and much easier to find on Google.
Being found on Google draws more consumers to your website in the very instant when they are actively searching for you. Being found by prospects in their moment of need will always yield a better result than pestering them when they don't want to be bothered. When they arrive on your site, it will be on their terms.
Rather than pushing promotions just in case a prospect is ready to buy, you will prepare helpful content that is available for them just in time.  With only a few exceptions, the moment they need your help is the only time they will really want to hear from you. No one minds a good answer when a question has been asked, but the sun is already setting on the old days of commercial interruptions and all forms of unwanted spam.
Inbound marketing may be a new way of thinking for many marketers. It requires commitment and patience, and the development of timely, memorable and valued content. This can be difficult, labor intensive and expensive, but it is the way Millennials prefer to develop trusted relationships with brands.
Above all else, being trustworthy is the most important aspect of bringing your brand into compliance with the new Millennial Mandate.
Based on featured cover story published in Credit Union Business Magazine , November 2014
Follow Myles Bristowe on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@mylesbristowe
More:

5 Ways to Thrive During the Holidaysreddit
Yes it's that time of year again, the season to be jolly.  So why might you be starting to feel a creeping sense of anxiety and even a little bit of dread?
The truth is this time of year often finds most of us scrambling around trying to get everything done.  Buying presents, wrapping up our work and making travel arrangements.  By the time the holidays finally arrive, we're usually so tired that in our rush to relax we forgo all the small habits that make it possible to flourish during the year.  Then before we know it the holidays are almost over and we're starting to wonder just how we'll get through the year ahead.
To be honest, it's exhausting just thinking about it.
You see as our expectations rise and our routines are disrupted around this time of year, it's easy to start spiraling down towards a place of overwhelm, tiredness and even a sense of helplessness.
So what are the small changes you can make to help you flourish during this holiday season?
Professor Martin Seligman - viewed by many as the founding father of positive psychology -  proposes that in order to flourish we need :
The presence of positive emotions,
The chance to be regularly engaged in what we're doing,
The opportunity to connect with others,
A sense of meaning and purpose in our lives, and
The feeling that we're accomplishing things that matter.
Being mindful of where you are on each pillar and the tested, practical ways you can make adjustments as required, is the secret to flourishing rather than floundering at this time of year.  Why?  Well studies have found that when you flourish , you're able to feel good and function effectively.
To feel more consistently jolly during these holidays why not try:
Making time to feel good. Try to create moments of heartfelt positivity each day.  Get out into nature, maintain your exercise (even if you're slowing it down from your usual pace), make time to meditate (even five minutes of slow breathing before Christmas lunch can help), find reasons to laugh and listen to music you love.
Getting engaged each day. This is a great time of year to exercise your strengths - those things you're good at and enjoy doing.  Spend at least 11 minutes each day over the holidays developing one of your strengths - like creativity, curiosity, kindness, hope or humor - to feel immersed in life and improve your sense of confidence, energy and wellbeing.
Letting yourself truly be connected with others. Be it family, friends or strangers this is a time of year when we yearn to feel respected, valued and appreciated.  To know that we matter and are worthy of love.  Take the time to practice kindness and express your gratitude towards others.  It's the best gift you can give.
Tuning into what gives you meaning and living purposefully. Don't just tick the days off your calendar, make each day count by having a clear "want-to" goal about what you hope this holiday season will be.   It might be: "Making time to slow down and connect with the people you love"; "Reaching out to others less fortunate then yourself"; "Restoring your energy and renewing your focus so you can flourish in the year ahead".  You won't get these days again, so how can you live this time purposefully?
Keep growing so you can prepare yourself for the year ahead. The holidays are a wonderful time to challenge the mindsets that might be holding you back .  As you think about the new-year and all you want to achieve, try to focus on the efforts you want to be making and not just the outcomes you want to reach.  This way you'll have the grit to be able to show up, shine and succeed.
For more practical and playful ways to thrive during these holidays and into the new year, grab these free e-cards for more tested, busy-proof ideas.
Follow Michelle McQuaid on Twitter: www.twitter.com/chellemcquaid
More:

Portland sues to stop UberRead the story
"The city's lawsuit is asking for a declaration by the court that Uber is subject to the city's regulations," the city said in a statement. "The lawsuit also asks the court to order Uber to stop operating in Portland until it is in compliance with the city's safety, health and consumer protection rules."
Local media reported that the service has been available in Portland for the past few days.
"Uber has received a tremendously warm welcome from riders and drivers in and around Portland. We appreciate the way residents have welcomed Uber into the Rose City, their support illustrates why it's time to modernize Portland transportation regulation," said Uber spokeswoman Eva Behrend.

SingleHop cloud-storage center reveals focus on security -- and air conditioning1
“Those are distributed denial-of-service attacks,” Jacobs explained, referring to the practice of hackers using multiple servers to try to shut down web traffic to a specific site.
The SingleHop employees staffing the center seemed to have it all under control, despite the steady stream of attacks the screen was showing. Jacobs said they mostly were there to monitor the servers in the room down the hall, detecting any problems in real time and dealing with them immediately.
Prior to the Franklin Park center, SingleHop’s Chicago facilities were spread over two locations, one downtown and the other in the suburbs, he said.
“This is a big deal for us,” he said. “It lets us concentrate our staff in one place.”
The company also has server storage facilities in Arizona and the Netherlands, he said.
Although the company is headquartered in the Loop, Ushman said he enjoys visiting the storage center.
“I love coming in here,” he said, as Jacobs leaned into the iris-scanning security device that allowed the tour to proceed into the heart of the facility. “This is the back of the Internet that nobody knows anything about.”
Anyone who has ever felt the heat of a laptop after even a short period of use should understand the need for air conditioning in a room that can house up to 20,000 servers, each of them containing four hard drives. This explains the six massive air-handling units outside the rack room, each of them connected to two fully independent power sources, as well as a back-up generator.
The need for cool air is so pervasive that the floor of the facility is one giant, cold-air pressurized duct, Jacobs explained. Each row of server racks rises above a perforated floor, blowing a steady stream of cool air to keep them from overheating.
An array of appliance-sized battery units in another room is even more impressive when one realizes they exist merely to keep power running for several seconds, or perhaps as long as a few minutes, between a power failure and the moment back-up generators kick in.
Above each row of servers are two large power strips, one painted black and the other white. Both are completely independent sources of electricity, one tied to the Maywood electric grid, the other tied to Franklin Park’s.
Jacobs explained that access to the cage that surrounds the servers is heavily restricted, and that special permission was granted for Monday’s tour.
“Please walk very carefully,” he said, pointing to the blinking servers. “These are people’s businesses; people’s livelihood.”

SpiceJet skids over 12% in 12 days post Rakesh Jhunjhunwala check-inAirports Authority of India
(In a rare case of a Jhunjhunwala-invested…)
MUMBAI: In a rare case of a Rakesh Jhunjhunwala-invested stock going on a free-fall, the ace investor's investment in SpiceJet has depreciated by over 12 per cent within 12 days amid mounting troubles for the cash-strapped budget carrier.
RARE Enterprises of Jhunjhunwala, who has long commanded a reputation in the Indian stock market of buying small stakes in companies with strong growth potential in terms of share price appreciation, purchased 75 lakh shares of SpiceJet for Rs 13.4 crore through open market route on November 28.
The shares have been purchased at a time when the no-frills carrier is facing tough business conditions and the situation has only worsened in recent days with cancellation of 70-80 flights a day and a total of over 1,800 flights having been cancelled for the current month alone.
As a result, Spicejet shares have plunged by 12.5 per cent since November 28, despite a rise of 2.62 per cent in today's trading session. The stock today closed at Rs 15.65, as against a price of Rs 17.88 a piece at which Jhunjhunwala had purchased shares amounting to about 1.4 per cent stake.
On the day of Jhunjhunwala's purchase, the SpiceJet shares had surged 18.36 per cent. The plunge in shares in the interim period would be much steeper after excluding the surge on the day of share purchase.
The company has said that "a few parties have approached us and evinced interest in making investments...as the company has been exploring various options for raising fresh capital".
It had also said last month that deliberations with prospective investors were "at an exploratory and preliminary stage". But, there has been no clarity since then on the potential investors.
SpiceJet has cancelled over 1,800 flights across the country for the current month, in signs of mounting troubles for the budget airline.
The large-scale flight cancellations came at a time when the aviation regulator DGCA was considering issuing a show- cause notice to the airline for defying its directives regarding advance bookings.
Besides, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) is said to be considering putting SpiceJet on cash-and-carry mode soon if it does not furnish a bank guarantee against its dues to the airport operator, which stand at around Rs 200 crore.
Concerned over the deteriorating condition of SpiceJet and large-scale flight cancellations, DGCA had on Friday also withdrawn 186 of its slots and asked it to clear salary dues of all its employees within the coming 10 days.
Union Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju also last week raised serious concern over the financial health of the domestic airline.
"We are running through a lot of turbulent weather...not only the public sector, private sector is also crashing. (With) Kingfisher crashing and, right now, SpiceJet seems to be giving us heart attacks as far as airlines are concerned," Raju had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

D-Street likely to see 10% correction: Societe Generalecorrection
("Rising US interest rates…)
In a chat with ET Now, Guy Stear , Global Head of Credit Strategy, Societe Generale, shares his outlook for the global markets, Eurozone and India. Excerpts:
ET Now: The ECB has kept the rates unchanged, but has revised its growth and inflation rate downwards. What does this mean for growth in the Eurozone, and what kind of impact will it have on global growth?
Guy Stear: Unfortunately, growth in the Eurozone next year is going to be fairly poor. The likelihood is that it will be in the order of 1%.
The real problem in the Eurozone is that the consumer demand remains very weak. We also have very low levels of investment. This is weighing on domestic demand in Europe. This is what is keeping the growth low.
ET Now: Your report states that 2015 is likely to be a more challenging year. What are the key challenges that you foresee for the global markets? What are the implications going to be like for the Indian equity markets?
Guy Stear: There is a range of challenges. The first is that as US interest rates start to rise, there are many questions about how emerging markets in particular will react to that. That is definitely one of the challenges.
Secondly, cheap oil is generally beneficial for equity markets, but there are winners and losers. Some of the emerging markets which are energy exporters have been sensitive to that trend.
The third challenge will be European growth. Growth there remains weak and there are concerns about whether we could start moving into a deflationary period. ECB chief Draghi has warned of this. It will also be a concern for equity markets going forward.
Next year we have quite a bit of divergence between global economies. That is going to have an impact on equity markets and on financial asset generally.
ET Now: What is your view on Indian equities in terms of valuations? Are we overstretched, or are we just fine?
Guy Stear: We do think they are a little bit rich. There are good reasons for that. The political situation has got much better, but the market is really counting on strong levels of improvement in return on invested capital. But it may prove a little bit tricky at least in the first half of next year.
Also, rising US interest rates by mid next year may lead to higher US yields. This could result in a retracement in terms of India. So the market here is a little bit rich, and you need to wait for it to pull back to more attractive levels before scaling back in.
ET Now: Do you see some interim correction in the Indian markets ? Having said that, what are the returns you see over the next one to two years?
Guy Stear: Yes, we do see some scope for corrections in the middle of next year. This correction is likely to be triggered by the rising US interest rates. If the US interest rates start to go up and we start to see higher yields in three to five years, that could be a trigger for a correction in India, which is looking a little bit rich in terms of valuations at the moment.
It could be a 10% correction from current levels. However, given the medium-term positive shift in the markets, we do think that India will ultimately end 2015 up by 10%.
The path for the Indian equities in our view next year is a correction in the second quarter most probably, and then a strong rebound in the third and fourth quarters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Technical glitches mar retail investors in SAIL saleTechnical glitches mar retail investors in SAIL sale
N Sundaresha Subramanian | New Delhi Dec 09, 2014 10:27 PM IST
It is a case of the proverbial slip between the cup and the lip. Several hundred retail investors who bid for shares in the offer for sale (OFS) of Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) last week have not received the promised five per cent discount.
Last-minute changes in the OFS mechanism and data entry glitches have led to the loss, brokers and investors told Business Standard.
The Union government raised Rs 1,700 crore on Friday by selling a five per cent stake in the steel behemoth, kicking off its divestment programme that aims to raise Rs 43,425 crore by March. Retail response was significant as investors subscribed for more than twice their allotted quota.
Suresh Kumar, a Delhi-based investor, remitted around Rs 1.95 lakh and was allotted about 2,300 shares in the offer, at the cut-off price of Rs 85. However, post the discount, his allotment price should have been Rs 80.75. “Either they should have rejected our application for entering the wrong category or have rectified the error and given the discount. Last time, too, I had applied in the government share sale. Then also, prices went down. This time we were happy that they announced the discount. But for no fault of ours, we are not getting it," he said.
He was worried that as the share falls further, he might not be able to sell it. “Retail investors bidding below Rs 2 lakh had to pay all the money upfront, unlike non-retail ones who had the option of paying after allotment. Now I am stuck. Hamara koi nahi sun raha hai (nobody is listening to us),” he added.
This loss on discount is hurting as the stock price has fallen below Rs 80 after the sale, said a Delhi-based broker. The shares' floor price was fixed at Rs 83 and were sold at a cut-off of Rs 85, following heavy subscription. They closed Tuesday’s trade at Rs 79.45.
“Between 300 and 400 people have not got the discount because of the technical issues. We have written to Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India), which has asked the exchanges to look into the matter,” the broker added.
The Government of India, to encourage retail investors’ participation, offered a discount of five per cent to this category, with application money less than Rs 2 lakh. However, they were to pay the full amount before bidding, a change which Sebi announced through a circular on December 1, only four days before the share sale.
Brokers said by default, while punching the bids, the trading terminals of BSE and the National Stock Exchange showed a 'Non-retail Series', whereas in the earlier OFS, there was only one series, ‘IS’. “Since by default the Non-retail category series was being shown while punching bids, several investors and dealers at broker offices, inadvertently, punched retail investors’ application in the wrong category. Though the shares were allotted, these investors remain deprived of their due. A huge number got affected,” said a dealer with a local brokerage.
Brokers claim they were supposed to enter only client codes and the exchanges could have rectified the entries, since their databases had all details about the investors. This did not happen. An Exchange official said, “ If the broker enters the category as retail the investor will get a discount. If he enters non-retail he won’t.”
Investors said the discrepancy was brought to the notice of the exchange officials and investment bankers as early as Saturday.
The bids on Bombay and national Stock Exchange were to be made in following series:
BSE:
RI Category------ (Retail ; upto Rs.2 lakh)
NII category------(Non retail: over Rs.2 lakh)
NSE:
IS Series (For Non-retail : application greater than Rs.2.00 lakh)
RS Series (For Retail: application less than Rs.2.00 lakh)
Source: Brokerages

Rahul Gandhi accuses Modi govt of undoing UPA flagship schemesWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 9, 2014 7:41 pm
AICC vice-president Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday blamed the NDA government for undoing the major achievements of the UPA governments in the last decade and said the central idea of the government was to create communal tension.
Rahul was in the state capital addressing the valedictory function of the month-long political tour, Janapaksha Yatra, of Congress state president V M Sudheeran.
Referring to the UPA flagship schemes, rural job guarantee scheme and food security programme, Rahul said we tried to support the people with various programmes. “We did all these, because people are the energy of the nation. But, one man sitting in Delhi thinks he can change India,” said Rahul.
On the NDA government decision to limit the rural job guarantee scheme, Gandhi said money is taken away from poor people and given to corporate groups. He also charged the government for taking away the power of the people in the land acquisition policy, which ensured that people were heard in the issue.
“The Prime Minister says you should clean the country. The PM says that all MPs should adopt a village in their constituency to transform it into a model village. My constituency has 700-odd villages. If I adopt one village, what I am supposed to do with the rest of the villages. There is no answer to that,” said Rahul.
Referring to BJP’s promise to bring back black money within 100 days, Gandhi said you have done nothing to get back the black money.
“One thing I have noticed about you. Wherever there is an election, there is communal violence. There were riots in UP, Maharashtra, Haryana and Jharkhand,” said Rahul.
He said the central idea of NDA is to make communities fight between people and run the government to serve the interest of a few people. “What had happened in the last six months is going to repeat for next four years. Although the NDA government has announced several projects such a model village and clean India, but nothing concrete is going to happen.”
He said the Congress job is very clear: “To give power to the people and create harmony among them. When people get tired of the fake dreams of the NDA, they would come back to Congress.”
Although Congress groups in Kerala were not fully co-operating with Sudheeran during his month-long yatra, Gandhi said the yathra was in the right perspective. He congratulated Sudheeran for taking up social issues during the political tour.

Wall Street drops on global demand concernsYou are here: Home > Collections
Wall Street drops on global demand concerns
Reuters Dec 9, 2014, 08.38PM IST
Tags:
Dow Jones
(US stocks were sharply lower…)
NEW YORK: US stocks were sharply lower on Tuesday on concerns about the impact of lower oil prices on the global economy and the effect of political turmoil in Greece on the euro zone.
Brent crude touched a fresh five-year low of $65.29 on Tuesday and was last down 0.3 per cent to $65.97. Oil prices have been under pressure as the dollar has strengthened and OPEC decided against an output cut.
"It's oil, oil and more oil, and all eyes are on oil here because, even though it certainly does support the economic momentum driven by the consumer, it certainly does detract from the cyclical sectors of the market," said Anastasia Amoroso, Global Market Strategist at J.P. Morgan Funds in New York.
"Until we see stabilization in the price of oil, it's difficult to see a stabilization in the price of energy shares, so that will continue to weigh on the market."
Political unrest in Greece also brought about investor nervousness after the government brought a presidential vote forward in a political gamble that raised uncertainty over the country's transition out of its bailout.
The Shanghai Composite Index dropped more than 5 per cent, its biggest drop in more than five years, also weighing on investor sentiment.
Adding to the cautious tone was speculation if the US Federal Reserve will change its language to keep rates near zero for a "considerable time" when policymakers meet next week after the strong jobs report on Friday.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 157.13 points, or 0.88 per cent, to 17,695.35, the S&P 500 lost 18.81 points, or 0.91 per cent, to 2,041.5 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 52.00 points, or 1.1 per cent, to 4,688.69.
  The benchmark S&P index fell 0.7 per cent on Monday, its biggest drop since October 22. The S&P 500 has climbed for seven straight weeks, and is up 9.6 per cent from its October low after a drop of 1.6 in the past two sessions.
In a relatively light week for economic data, wholesale trade data for October is due at 10 a.m. (1500 GMT). Expectations call for inventories to rise 0.2 per cent, while sales are expected to rise by 0.1 per cent.
US-listed shares of Seadrill gained 4.1 per cent to $12.05. John Fredriksen, the biggest owner of the offshore driller, purchased another 1.3 million shares in the firm to raise his stake to 119 million shares, or 24.15 per cent.
Shares in bluebird bio surged 56 per cent to $76.25 after the company said a study for its blood disorder treatment showed patients were essentially cured.
Conn's Inc plunged 37.8 per cent to $21.81 after the home appliance retailer posted a third-quarter loss and withdrew its 2015 outlook. In addition, the company said its CFO Brian Taylor had resigned.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,273 to 553, for a 4.11-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,881 issues fell and 445 advanced for a 4.23-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 was posting 8 new 52-week highs and 15 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 6 new highs and 111 new lows.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Wholesale Stockpiles up 0.4 Percent in OctoberIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Tata Housing to sell homes at Google s e-sho...You are here: Home > Collections
Tata Housing to sell homes at Google's online shopping fest
PTI Dec 9, 2014, 10.51PM IST
Tags:
Brotin Banerjee
(Tata Housing will construct…)
NEW DELHI: Aiming to tap the e-commerce market, Tata Housing will sell a luxury residential project, being developed in Bangalore at a cost of Rs 150 crore, exclusively during Google's online shopping festival starting tomorrow.
The company will construct 75 independent homes and row housing in this 5-acre project. The price of each unit starts from Rs 3.5 crore.
In a statement, Tata Housing said it would "participate in the Google's Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF), being held from 10-12 December, by launching an exclusive ultra-luxury project - The Cascades".
Besides this project, the company would also sell housing units of seven other projects across India. It is offering schemes and instant appreciation of prices in these projects.
The consumers can buy homes by paying a booking amount of Rs 50,000 only for all projects and they would get an instant appreciation of up to 15 per cent, Tata Housing said.
"We received a phenomenal response through our pioneering initiative of online sales of real Estate through our partnership with google last year," Tata Housing, the real estate arm of Tata group , MD & CEO Brotin Banerjee said.
Stating that online home buying is an emerging platform, he said the company is offering properties ranging from affordable to the ultra-luxury segment.
In a separate statement, Tata Housing's subsidiary Tata Value Homes said it would sell apartments in Boisar near Mumbai exclusively during this festival at a starting price of Rs 16 lakh. Interested customers can express their interest to book by paying Rs 20,000 online.
Tata Value Homes would also offer special one day price for apartments in its other projects across Ahmedabad, Pune, Chennai and Bengaluru starting Rs 32 lakh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1BwhwjGFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Longtime Abercrombie & Fitch CEO abruptly departs
Abercrombie & Fitch's longtime CEO Michael Jeffries is retiring, effective immediately, as the once-hip teen clothing chain's sales decline.
Post to Facebook
Longtime Abercrombie & Fitch CEO abruptly departs Abercrombie & Fitch's longtime CEO Michael Jeffries is retiring, effective immediately, as the once-hip teen clothing chain's sales decline. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1Ab1aZQ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Longtime Abercrombie & Fitch CEO abruptly departs
Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 5:36 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
An Abercrombie & Fitch store in San Jose, Calif.
(Photo: Paul Sakuma, AP)
179 CONNECT 25 TWEET 1 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Michael Jeffries, longtime CEO of Abercrombie & Fitch, is retiring immediately during perhaps the most important time of year for the struggling teen clothing retailer.
Abercrombie ANF jumped 8% to $28.46 on the news, but  shares are off more than 37% from 52-week highs.
Jeffries, 70, will also leave the retailer's board of directors. He has served as CEO since February 1992 and was Chairman from 1998 to January.
"I believe now is the right time for new leadership to take the company forward in the next phase of its development," Jeffries said in a statement.
As recently as May, Abercrombie – which credited Jeffries as the "founder" of the modern day Abercrombie brand – described him as "critical to the company's long-term success and...critical to international expansion. " The company's annual proxy statement also said Jeffries "has more knowledge of the company's operations than any other individual."
Nasdaq record? Yep, in 2015, stock pro Dan Chung tells @adamshell http://t.co/b0WrnJnuUo #marketoutlook15 pic.twitter.com/e0bizIMh3B
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) December 9, 2014
But Tuesday's departure comes a week after the company announced a disappointing third quarter that saw sales at stores open at least a year fall 10% and revenue falling to $911.5 million from $1.03 billion in the year-ago quarter.
In a release last week, Jeffries said that while sales improved through Black Friday weekend, he expected "conditions to remain difficult through the balance of the fourth quarter."
Abercrombie & Fitch, which also owns teen retailer Hollister, has struggled to maintain its status as a destination for teen shoppers in recent years. It's been looking to stock trendier clothing as its sales have weakened and teens have chosen to shop elsewhere. The company has even worked on stripping its once-prized Abercrombie logo off products as teens seek more individuality in their clothing.
For the fall season, the company reduced its branded merchandise by half and previously announced plans to have a minimal North American logo business in the spring. Abercrombie & Fitch has also increased its emphasis on online shopping as it looks to reshape itself.
The chain said that current Non-Executive Chairman Arthur Martinez will become executive chairman. He has served as non-executive chairman since January. The company also established an Office of the Chairman that will oversee the business until a new CEO is named. The Office of the Chairman will include Martinez, Chief Operating Officer Jonathan Ramsden, Christos Angelides, Brand President of Abercrombie & Fitch and Fran Horowitz, Brand President of Hollister.
The retailer — whose brands include Hollister, Gilly Hicks and its namesake — has begun a search for a new CEO.
Abercrombie & Fitch had 834 stores in the U.S. and 166 stores across Canada, Europe, Asia, Australia and the Middle East at the third quarter's end.
As of the company's May proxy filing, Jeffries was Abercrombie's biggest individual shareholder, with a 2.36% stake. He is due a retirement payout worth over $27.6 million, according to Abercrombie's 2014 proxy.
Contributing: Gary Strauss; Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Ab1aZQ
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

Amazon to use bike mess-engers for 1-hour deliveryAmazon to use bike mess-engers for 1-hour delivery
India  Russia eye energy deals during Putin s visitIndia  Russia eye energy deals during Putin s visit
TDSAT sets aside Rs 650cr fine on Airtel  Rs 100cr on VodaDec 09, 2014, 09.32 PM IST  | Source: PTI
TDSAT sets aside Rs 650cr fine on Airtel, Rs 100cr on Voda
The DoT imposed Rs 50 crore in each telecom circle for alleged violation of rule on both the companies.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TDSAT sets aside Rs 650cr fine on Airtel, Rs 100cr on Voda
The DoT imposed Rs 50 crore in each telecom circle for alleged violation of rule on both the companies.
Post your opinion here
 
Telecom tribunal TDSAT today set aside Rs 650 crore penalty on Airtel  and Rs 100 crore fine on Vodafone imposed by the DoT in a roaming case.
"We, accordingly, set aside the impugned orders of penalty/demand notices in all the three cases. In the result all the petitions are allowed with costs quantified at Rs 25,000 for each of the petitions," TDSAT bench chaired by Justice Aftab Alam said in the order.
The DoT had issued demand notice of Rs 650 crore to Airtel and Rs 100 crore to Vodafone (formerly Hutch) in July and August 2013.
The DoT had found Bharti Airtel routing national and international calls as local calls (SLD) under a scheme till 2005 despite being told to stop it in 2003, and that it caused loss to the government exchequer and state-run Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) across 13 service areas.
Similar allegations were levelled against Hutch for offering such services in Delhi and Mumbai.
Also read:  Telecom Commission approves spectrum base price with riders
The DoT imposed Rs 50 crore in each telecom circle for alleged violation of rule on both the companies.
The service was carried on by Hutch for slightly over a year from 12 December 2002 to 31 December 2003, and by Airtel for over two years from 5 October 2002 to 11 January 2005. TDSAT said that there was no loss to BSNL due to these services by Airtel and Vodafone.
The tribunal pulled up DoT saying the department "must learn that imposition of penalty is not a means for generation of revenue and to meet the financial targets and we regret to say that such orders can only be passed by someone who, safe in anonymity, feels secure from any accountability."
Bharti Airtel stock price
On December 17, 2014, at  11:26 hrs Bharti Airtel was quoting at Rs 343.45, down Rs 6.65, or 1.9 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 419.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 282.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 27.40 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 12.53. The latest book value of the company is Rs 166.93 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.06.
RELATED NEWS

Discovery still figuring out advertisingdiscovery still figuring out advertising
Shyam Saran: Questions for the new yearShyam Saran: Questions for the new year
Uber rape: Cabbie s friends to be questionedUber rape: Cabbie s friends to be questioned
India  Israel to cooperate in renewable energy sectorIndia, Israel to cooperate in renewable energy sector
Our Bureau
Daniel Carmon , Ambassador of Israel in India (from left), Ken Udai Sagar of the Indo-Israel Chamber of Commerce and K Padmanabhaiah , former Union Home Secretary at the Indo -Israel Relations in Hyderabad on Tuesday PV SIVAKUMAR
FTA talks scheduled for early next year
Hyderabad, December 9:  
India and Israel are set to conclude a broader agreement on cooperation in the renewable energy sector between the two countries. This follows earlier agreements between the two countries to work on the renewable energy sector.
And the bilateral talks on Free Trade Agreement are likely to be back on track early next year, according to Daniel Carmon, Israeli ambassador to India.
He said the FTA talks slated to be held during November 2014 could not be held due to other engagements. But they are poised to be taken up gain as both the Governments are committed to reaching a consensus on the agreement.
Speaking here after an interactive session on boosting ilateral trade, he said that the India-Israel trade which had humble beginnings at $2,00,000, a little over 20 years ago, has now topped the $6-billion mark and this is poised to get a lot bigger as both countries get into more areas of mutual interest.
The $6 billion bilateral trade is without the defence business, which is another big area.
Israel has developed strong and sound relationships in the defence sector and work is underway to identify a few other clusters of common interest.
During his two-day visit to Hyderabad, and interactions with representatives of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana governments, the Amabassador sees potential to work in the areas of improving agriculture and horticulture, irrigation and water supply management and homeland security.
There have been several rounds of discussions with Andhra Pradesh in particular and soon this will be narrowed down to some areas.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Tata Power launches website to promote animal husbandry in KutchTata Power launches website to promote animal husbandry in Kutch
Our Bureau
Under its project “Kalp” Tata Power provides replicable models for establishing fodder supply centres and building Gaushalas
Ahmedabad, December 9:  
Tata Power, which set up India’s first Ultra Mega Power Plant (UMPP) of 4,000 MW at Mundra in Kutch district, on Tuesday launched a new website, www.kutchkalp.org , to promote animal husbandry as a key source of alternative income for the people of Gujarat.
Alternative income
Through its wholly-owned subsidiary Coastal Gujarat Power Ltd (CGPL), which runs the UMPP, Tata Power has endeavoured towards sustainable development of communities living in and around its areas of operation, said Anil Sardana, Managing Director and CEO. Since animal husbandry remains a key source of alternative income for Indian communities at large, the company is supporting the practice by ensuring regular fodder supply for the cattle. Under its ongoing project “Kalp”, Tata Power provides replicable models for establishing fodder supply centres and building Gaushalas (animal shelters) in the region to help strengthen this livelihood option, he said.
The company encouraged the local community to develop a website to create awareness about the various activities conducted under its project Kalp, and to help raise funds for the initiatives through a charitable trust, which in turn has developed the website.
The trust looks after 1,500 cattle, and, during drought mitigation, supplies fodder to more than 6,000 cattle from eight villages. Successful commissioning of the program has resulted in a substantial rise in livestock, and increase in the income of the cattle owners. The initiative has also encouraged more people to engage in the business of animal husbandry.
Tata Power is India’s largest integrated power company with an installed gross generation capacity of 8,615 MW and a presence in all the segments of the power sector. It is also a leading renewable energy player in India.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Supreme Court asks telcos to explain 3G roaming pactsSupreme Court asks telcos to explain 3G roaming pacts
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, December 9:  
Trouble could be brewing for mobile operators, including Airtel, Vodafone and Idea Cellular, with the Supreme Court seeking an explanation as to why intra-circle roaming agreements to offer 3G services should not be termed illegal.
The apex court has sent notices to the operators after the Department of Telecom filed a petition to nullify the roaming arrangement.
The three operators had inked an intra-circle roaming agreement to offer 3G services across the country, using each other’s spectrum. This was because none of these players had won pan-India spectrum individually in the auctions held in 2010.
The Department of Telecom had objected to the deal, saying that though roaming is permitted, such an intra-circle arrangement cannot be used to sell 3G connections in areas where operators do not have spectrum. The DoT had asked the operators to stop such services and had also imposed penalties.
The Telecom Disputes Settlement Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) had, however, quashed the penalties and ruled in favour of the operators. “Allowing intra-circle 3G roaming would result in a much fuller and better utilisation of 3G spectrum. This would increase the gross revenue of both the provider and the seeker of the 3G network, and the Government, having a percentage share in the adjusted gross revenue of the licence holders, would thus be able to get a larger sum as licence fee. The arrangement is thus beneficial to the consumer, the operators and the State,” the tribunal had said.
However, if the Supreme Court reverses the tribunal order then it will be a big blow to the telecom companies. In such a scenario, the next round of spectrum auctions could get intense as the operators may try to acquire airwaves for a pan-India footprint.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Azamara Club Cruise to skip India if port procedures are not simplifiedAzamara Club Cruise to skip India if port procedures are not simplified
Our Bureau
Azamara Quest, berthed at the Chennai Port on Tuesday BIJOY GHOSH
Chennai, December 9:  
Azamara Club Cruises, the US-based cruise line owned by Royal Caribbean Cruises, will ignore India in its itinerary if procedures at ports, immigration and Customs are not changed. There is too much bureaucracy and hassles for guest at every level, according to Jose Vilarinho, Master of cruise ship Azamara Quest.
The company will replace Mumbai with Dubai from 2017 onwards if the procedures are not simplified.
Multiple checks
While it was a smooth sailing on the water front, it was a nightmare for passengers on the shore side, he told newspersons on board the ship, which berthed at the Chennai port late last night. “If you want to open up for international cruise, you need to get rid of the bureaucracy. In this kind of environment, it is very difficult to bring in a cruise size. Our guests were made to stand for two hours at the gate to enter ships at ports. This is unacceptable. Certain guests disembarked in a different port and embarked in Chennai. However, they still had to undergo multiple levels of checks,” he said. Guests on Azamara Quest have embarked on a thirteen night ‘Spice Route II and Myanmar’ voyage sailing to Singapore, said Tony Markey, Cruise Director, Azamara Quest.
After Chennai, the ship with 694 passengers and 400 crew including Indians, will visit Port Blair, Andaman Islands, Yangon, Myanmar, Phuket, Langkawi, Penang and Port Klang and Singapore being the final destination.
“Ours is a luxury cruise and if our guests are unhappy with a port of call, we may skip it,” he said. “We have plans to develop our network in India. It all depends on how the procedures and systems change,” he said.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Avekshaa gets funding from Karnataka IT VentureAvekshaa gets funding from Karnataka IT Venture
Our Bureau
V Balakrishnan, Advisory Board Member, Avekshaa Technologies. -. Photo G R N SOMASHEKAR
Bengaluru, December 9:  
Avekshaa Technologies, an IT start-up company backed by former Infosys CFO V Balakrishnan, has chalked out aggressive growth plans.
The Bengaluru-based start-up has received a funding of $500,000 from Karnataka IT Venture Capital (KITVEN) to expand into markets such as the US and Australia, company officials said. This increases the enterprise valuation of the company to $8 million, officials added.
Further, in line with these growth plans, the company has roped in Prof S Sadagopan, Director of International Institute of Information Technology-Bangalore (IIITB) and former India head of software security company Symantec as advisors to its Board to give it an extra edge in bagging outsourcing deals, around digital commerce space.
Avekshaa, which was founded in 2012 by former Infoscions, has grown almost 200 per cent in the last fiscal and in line with this growth has set an ambitious target of achieving $100 million by 2020.
“The future of outsourcing would be around companies that can solve business problems of users, build Intellectual Property are nimbler rather than putting bodies to work will succeed,” V Balakrishnan, member of the Board, Avekshaa, told BusinessLine.
The company, with this recent funding, wants to get into Fortune 500 clients in the US and companies in Australia
According to analysts, $73 billion is lost globally due to badly performing technologies, resulting in loss for organisations and headaches for users. For this, companies like Avekshaa are telling their customers that technology implementation will have to change. “Till now, software was tested in parts and complete performance with more usage was not paid not much attention,” said Rajinder Gandotra, co-founder of Avekshaa.
Industry watchers are upbeat about the prospects of the company going forward. “A disruption is needed in the way Indian outsourcers bag deals and more of the old style pitching will not work,” said Sanchit Vir Gogia, Analyst, Greyhound Research.
According to Goel, Avekshaa’s fixed price and outcome-based pricing model with attractive pricing would see more companies opt for its solutions. Already, the company cites HP, CA and Infosys as its partners.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

PEBS Pennar bags Insdag award for steel constructionPEBS Pennar bags Insdag award for steel construction
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, December 9:  
Pennar Engineered Building Systems Limited (PEBS Pennar), a subsidiary of Pennar Industries Limited, has won award from Institute for Steel Development and Growth (INSDAG) in the National Competition for Professionals on Structural Steel Design and Construction for 2012-13. PV Rao, MD of PEBS Pennar, received the award from Sajjan Jindal, Chairman and Managing Director of JSW Steel and President of INSDAG, at Mumbai on December 9. INSDAG is jointly promoted by Ministry of Steel and Steel Producers in India, according to a company statement. PEBS Pennar has been chosen by an eminent jury consisting of professors from IIT Roorkee and IIT Madras. This award was for 99 clear span buildings designed and executed by it for UltraTech Cements, Kotputli, Rajasthan. PEBS Pennar is the first Pre-Engineered Buildings (PEB) company in India to design and construct a 99-meters clear span building in India.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Guess Which Gender Spends More on ImpulseGuess which gender spends more on impulse
Herb Weisbaum TODAY contributor
Email
You make lists, clip coupons and comparison shop on the Internet – and yet, you still can’t resist the urge to splurge. You’re not alone.
Three out of four adults in this country make impulse purchases, according to a new survey by CreditCards.com . And in many cases, these unplanned purchases are real budget busters.
MIKE SEGAR / Reuters
Three out of four adults in this country make impulse purchases, according to a new survey. But men more often spend serious money on them.
Nearly one in three (16 percent) of the impulse buyers in this survey said they had spent $500 or more on such a purchase, 10 percent spent $1,000 or more.
Why do we do this?
Respondents said they typically buy impulsively when they are excited, bored or sad.  The survey showed gender may also play a role.
“We found that men and women impulse shop about the same amount, but the way they feel and how much they spend when they do it are different,” said CreditCards.com senior analyst Matt Schulz.
Men were significantly more likely than women to spend serious money on that unplanned purchase. While just seven percent of the women said they had spent $500 or more, 21 percent of the men did. Men also made more impulse purchases of $1,000 or more.
Women tend to keep their impulse purchases small, under $25.
Men are more than twice as likely to make an impulse purchase when they’re intoxicated.
Women are twice as likely to buy impulsively when they are sad.
Women are more likely to regret making an impulse purchase: 52 percent of the women vs. 46 percent of the men said they experienced buyer’s remorse at one time or another.
While the location of the purchase doesn’t seem to matter – survey respondents said they were as likely to make an impulse purchase online as in-person – age and education does seem to make a difference.
Nearly 90 percent of the Millennials said they’d made an impulse purchase, compared to just 56 percent of the seniors.
College graduates were also more likely to make spur-of-the-moment purchases (86 percent) than non-college graduates (64 percent).
Retailers love impulse shopping. Store layouts are designed to get you to buy things that you really don’t need.
Video: Kelli Grant, CNBC.com’s consumer reporter, joins TODAY to offer advice on how to complain if your shopping experience was not positive.
“We would like to think that we make rational decisions, but we’re still impulsive and irrational,” said Dr. Martha Doran, an associate professor in the College of Business Administration at San Diego State University. “We are much more geared to doing things we don’t think through than we’d like to believe. It’s just our basic human nature and it’s easily exploited by marketers.”
Making a small impulse purchase every now and then can be fun and exciting. You just need to be careful that it doesn’t get the best of you.
“If they’re too costly or happen too often, they can devastate your budget,” Schulz warns.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
Tags:

Robert F. Bukaty / AProbert f. bukaty / ap
Power Grid Failure Leaves Parts of Downtown Detroit in the Darkpower grid failure leaves parts of downtown detroit in the dark
The Bond car with a back seatBentley’s fastest barge
The long saloon is undeniably pretty, if not quite as heart-stopping as its William Towns-designed predecessor from 1976. And its engine – Aston’s proven 6-litre V12 – is a fine, if unsurprising, choice.
The real mystery of the Lagonda Taraf – the latter word roughly translating to “ultimate luxury” in Arabic, Aston says – is where it came from, and where it’s going. Aston dropped a couple of teaser images back in July, and then a few more in September, including shots of the car’s wildly sumptuous four-place interior. But real details were skint; power, performance and price were left unmentioned (though Aston’s press release did coyly note: “The asking price will be commensurate with the car’s exclusivity, quality and luxurious nature.”). And the company did announce that the car would be produced in a separate building on the campus of its Gaydon headquarters, the same facility in which Aston’s artisans assembled the One-77 hypercar.
Aston initially stated that the Taraf would be delivered to a very few invited customers in the Middle East, but broader availability now seems a strong possibility, after new Aston chief executive Andy Palmer commented at the Taraf’s unveiling in Dubai on 11 November: “I can confirm today that we are also evaluating the opportunity to offer this Lagonda in other markets.” I am fairly certain that my garage will not be one of those markets, but that doesn’t temper my fascination. I am eager to see this grand sedan availed (in tantalisingly small numbers) to a global array of buyers. The Taraf, like the unicorn of a car that was its ancestor, should make the motoring world a vastly more interesting place.
Second Opinion: Mercedes-Benz C-Class
(Daimler)
Some luxury carmakers “parametrically scale” – ie, shrink – their flagships to suit lower vehicle classes and price points. The backhanded compliment paid to the Mercedes-Benz C-Class suggests it’s just like the high-zoot S-Class, only miniaturised – a description as inaccurate as it is lazy. The C is “the most striking, shamelessly deluxe sedan at the entry-lux end of the market”, wrote Lawrence Ulrich in his review , and not for what the C cribs from the S, but for what it makes its own. Namely, cheekiness on two-lane roads, bottomless torque from a new twin-turbo V6 engine (in C400 guise) and an interior that melds Benz stolidness with a daring dollop of flamboyance. Those are special traits, regardless of the letter bolted to the trunk lid. – Jonathan Schultz
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
Fascinating Cars of 2014
Editor Matthew Phenix and deputy editor Jonathan Schultz revisited the most fascinating cars of the year. Click here in coming weeks for more honorees.

Low fuel prices may help auto sector drive up salesUpdated: December 6, 2014 23:39 IST
Low fuel prices may help auto sector drive up sales
G. Balachandar
travel and commuting
Plunging international crude oil prices and the subsequent lowering of fuel prices come as a morale-booster for the auto industry, particularly the passenger vehicle segment.
Cheaper or stable fuel prices are expected to help the auto industry come back from one of its most challenging periods.
While stagnant salaries, increased expenses and higher interest rates continue to haunt prospective buyers, falling fuel prices are expected to boost consumer sentiment as owning cars may be more affordable.
The drop in fuel prices is expected to bring down the total cost of ownership of passenger vehicle. Fuel price is one of the major components of the cost of ownership and accounts for 35-40 per cent of the annual expenses towards owning a car. With the latest revision in fuel prices, fuel expense per year for a petrol car is expected to come down by about 10 per cent compared with that in the financial year 2012-13, reducing the annual expenditure towards owning a car by about five per cent.
“Cheaper fuel brings down running costs. Lower running costs imply low cost of ownership. Lower cost of ownership drives sales. Cars become more affordable to run. Also, cheaper fuel implies other commodities are cheaper and disposable income increases. All these build a positive sentiment,” says R.S. Kalsi, executive director, marketing & sales, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd.
Lower fuel price means a lot particularly for the entry segment. While new launches in other categories of car segment helped maintain some momentum, it was not the same story in entry-level cars. The first-time buyers were not coming to car showrooms in good numbers despite heavy discounts and other benefits.
Now, the trend seems to reversing in favour of first-time buyers. For many months in the financial year 2012-13 and early 2013-14, high cost of running had dissuaded them. Their share fell to 32 per cent from a high of 50 per cent at one point for Maruti. However, the proportion of first-time buyers has improved from 37 per cent in the financial year 2012-13 to 42 per cent in during first half of this fiscal.
Mayank Pareek, president, passenger vehicle business unit, Tata Motors, says that changes in the fuel industry after the deregulation of diesel prices are changing the industry in a fundamental way. “The new fuel price dynamics are impacting the first-time buyers as petrol begins to be a significant part of the consideration set for these buyers,” he adds.
As he points out, the changing economics of oil — narrowing price gap between diesel and petrol — has resulted in a shift again towards petrol cars. The industry had moved from what was originally just a petrol industry to being a diesel-dominated one from around November 2012 and now, with the deregulation of diesel pricing, it seems to be moving back towards a more balanced mix of petrol and diesel cars.
For the industry, the share of diesel vehicles as a percentage of all new vehicles has fallen below 50 per cent during the first half of this fiscal. For Maruti, the share of diesel in total sales stood at about 32 per cent.
“Rising diesel prices have increased the time required to recover the higher capital cost paid for diesel variants, making them less attractive. The share of diesel car sales continues to be on a declining trend in recent quarters and is expected to account for 45 per cent of total sales in the current fiscal, down from a peak of 58 per cent in 2012-13,” says Ajay Srinivasan, director, CRISIL Research.
Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice-president, marketing and sales, Honda Cars India, points out that there has been a renewed interest for the petrol variants in the market. “In April 2013, when we launched Honda Amaze, the diesel variants accounted for 80 per cent of its monthly sales. Now the demand has levelled and slightly over 50 per cent of the sales come from petrol variants,” he says.
The demand-shift towards petrol has prompted several players to launch UV (utility vehicle) and sedan models with a petrol option as well. In 2013-14, the share of diesel sales for sedan and UVs was around 70-75 per cent, while that for small cars was about 34 per cent.
Anticipating the changing dynamics of the fuel market, Tata has come out with a new Revotron series of petrol engines. Its new compact car, Zest, is powered by this engine. Tata is seeing a mix of customers buying the Zest; the petrol-to-diesel ratio is 60:40.
Mr. Srinivasan of CRISIL feels although enquiries from first-time buyers, who typically opt for a small car, has increased, this is yet to translate into actual purchase decisions. The agency expects domestic sales of small cars to grow by 5-7 per cent year-on-year in 2014-15, in line with the total passenger vehicle sales growth.
As economic growth continues to remain subdued and consumer sentiments are yet to see considerable improvements, the declining cost of ownership may definitely help in improving sales in the immediate term.

Your year in review: What have you accomplished0
Remember those New Year’s resolutions you made for 2014? Pull them back out and take a look. Which ones did you accomplish? Give yourself a pat on the back for sticking it through. The vast majority of people who set goals for the year quickly forget about them. Don’t forget to celebrate your accomplishments and the milestones you reached. Keeping a positive attitude and finding motivation is a huge part of productivity and success.
Where did you fall short?
Success also comes with the inevitable shortcomings. We often like to sweep these under the rug and pretend they never happened, but if we always did that we would never move forward. Take your failures as a learning experience. Dissect what went wrong so that you don’t repeat them twice. It’s only a failure if you take nothing away from it.
What did you learn?
Think about what you learned from this past year — both from your successes and your failures. How did you improve yourself because of it? There are key takeaways from each of your projects that can help you improve your efficiency and skill set. Even if you succeeded, think about what you could’ve done differently. There can be more than one way to do something. Also, don’t forget to solicit feedback from others. Another perspective can be refreshing and eye opening.
What do you want to accomplish next year?
Now that you’ve thought about everything you’ve done this past year and analyzed it, start to build your plan for next year. Build off of what you’ve already accomplished in 2014 and make your goals for 2015. As always, make your goals challenging. Don’t let yourself off easy. You want to strive for more than you think you can accomplish. You might just surprise yourself.

Why all-women cab services are not hailedHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Why all-women cab services are not hailed
AESHA DATTA
Operating an all-women fleet comes with its set of challenges
Lack proper funding to gain visibility
New Delhi, December 8:  
Safer travelling options for women are available, in the form of all-women taxi fleets such as Sakha Cabs, Gcabs, Viira and others — yet these have failed to cash in.. The reason: lack of proper funding, and therefore reduced visibility.
Opportunities notwithstanding, operating an all-women fleet comes with its set of challenges. “This (cab services) is a very male-dominated business. It is difficult for women to get licences, especially commercial ones,” said Shrinivas Rao, Programme Director, Delhi State, Azad Foundation. The Foundation trains women drivers — including mechanical aspects, besides martial arts training — for operating the small fleet of cars at Sakha.
Rao added that access to finances for such ventures is also a big problem, with all-women services not being seen as financially viable.
“Banks are not ready to fund these ventures. But, we have shown that this business model can work. We are at the stage where we can grow further,” Rao said.
That a women-only cab service is not seen as a good enough business opportunity came into the limelight earlier, in 2010, when an all-women cab company ForShe could not attract funding from banks, despite three years of successful operation across the country.
Such companies make sense, with the Government as well as popular cab companies failing their clients’ security — both women as well as men.
As exposed in this recent case, Uber, the cab aggregator, flouted several rules of the Radio Taxi Scheme 2006 — such as having the car fitted with GPS/GPRS-based tracking devices and state-wise permits only.
Even as radio cab companies, such as Meru, are following these basic rules, aggregators such as Uber and TaxiforSure appear to be getting away with not adhering to them. The GPS tracking for Uber and TaxiforSure works through the mobile app, but if the phone is switched off, it will not work.
Verification
Further, police verification appears to be a mere formality, to which the police itself appear to pay scant attention. According to a copy of the police verification certificate made in the name of the accused, the latter has no criminal records — despite having served time in prison in 2011 in a similar case.
Some companies claim they are doing things differently. Sakshi Vij , Executive Director, Carzonrent (operates Easy Cab), said the company gets various kinds of information from the driver, does biometric tests, besides keeping copies of PAN Card, photograph, address proof and work references. 
“We do a third party verification of the drivers, where we hire a company that checks on drivers’ residential address and previous workplace feedback, to ensure the information is correct. We also ensure they have a bank account so that they also go through the KYC norms,” she said.
In addition, the company also has systems in place by which if a driver deviates from the assigned path the company’s call centre is alerted. The cabs are also fitted with panic buttons for customers, she added.
Siddhartha Pahwa, Group CEO, Meru Cabs, said each driver has to get police verification done, while the company verifies the address. “Meru keeps biometric records of the driver, besides documents like licence, car documents and others,” he added.
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Containing the freight rateOnly a consistent policy will allay investors’ fears
December 8, 2014:  
There’s more to the ruckus over the recent move by the Railways to hike container train haulage rates than meets the eye. Haulage rates account for more than half the operating cost of private container train operators, which have now been upped 21-40 per cent, with an additional 10 per cent surcharge on traffic from ports.
Container train operators have petitioned the Ministry seeking relief. But if rates are rolled back, the Railways needs to put in place some mechanisms to deal with such tussles.. Private investors, who put in the risk capital, want a consistent, stable policy regime. The Railways needs to have a transparent mechanism, linked to, say, input costs or inflation, so that its users have a broad idea of what is in store. It could look at periodic revision of rates and take a cue from large logistics firms such as FedEx and DHL by coming out with revisions well in advance.
Though the Railways say the costs have increased for the containerised segment which has not seen a hike for the last 20 months, data provided by the operators’ association shows that the freight rates for containerised goods have been increased much more sharply compared to other categories of freight. Over the past decade, goods freight rates rose a cumulative 52 per cent, while the charges for container movement increased by 120 per cent for lightweight category and by 230-265 per cent in the heaviest segment. That said, the Railways could learn from its own approach: investment models were tweaked to allow users to book upside of financial returns and it even provides up to 80 per cent of traffic guarantees. Customer experience can either fetch more customers or drive away potential ones.
Mamuni Das Senior Assistant Editor
(This article was published on December 8, 2014)
Related

Centre eases export rules for cotton  yarnNEW DELHI, December 8, 2014
Updated: December 8, 2014 23:23 IST
Centre eases export rules for cotton, yarn
Reuters
Tweet
State-run Cotton Advisory Board (CAB) estimates India’s exports could drop by 24 per cent to 9 million bales in the current year. Photo: A. Muralitharan
State-run Cotton Advisory Board (CAB) estimates India’s exports could drop by 24 per cent to 9 million bales in the current year. Photo: K. Ananthan
TOPICS
exports
Production is estimated at 40 million bales this crop year
The government has eased cotton and cotton yarn export rules to boost overseas sales as slowing demand from China has hit India’s trade in the commodity.
With the change in rules, the government has ‘dispensed with’ the registration requirement for exports of cotton and cotton yarn, the government said on Monday in two separate notifications.
Prior to this notifications, traders were required to register in advance their targeted export volume for the year.
India is likely to harvest a record 40 million bales this crop year that began on October 1, and is set to surpass China as the world’s top producer. But a sharp drop in prices is prompting farmers to hold back supply.
Domestic consumption is not enough to absorb the rising output, and China, the biggest buyer of Indian cotton, has been scaling down its overseas purchases.
State-run Cotton Advisory Board (CAB) estimates India’s exports could drop by 24 per cent to 9 million bales in the current year.
But traders expect a much steeper fall due to weak Chinese demand.
Prices to stabilise
The move is likely to help stabilise domestic cotton prices, which have fallen below the minimum support price (MSP) in some producing States due to sluggish export demand and bumper domestic production this year.
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) report, India — the world’s second biggest producer of cotton — is likely to export 7.69 million bales of the fibre in 2014-15 marketing year (August-July), down by 35 per cent from last year due to sluggish demand from China. China is the top cotton export market for India, followed by Bangladesh and Pakistan. Before easing export norms, the Centre had asked the Cotton Corporation of India (CCI) to procure cotton from farmers in 11 States as the rates have fallen below the MSP in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Maharashtra.
The CCI is the government’s nodal agency for procuring cotton at MSP, which is now Rs.4,050 a quintal for long staple.

Staying Productive At The Office During The Holiday Seasonreddit
Between festive celebrations, taking vacation days, and delayed business projects until after the holidays, the end of the year can be a slow time at the office, depending on your industry. Downtime used well will help you when the holidays are over, and business gets back to its normal hectic pace. Tackle these tasks during the slower time and be ready to start fresh in the busy New Year.
Clean out your inbox. We are all bombarded with dozens of emails every day, and left unchecked, they may pile up and create e-clutter. Delete messages you no longer need and empty your trash. Review your email filing system so you have all the folders and subfolders you need to store and find things quickly. Do the same with your sent and trash folder as well.
Box up and store, or dispose of old files. Create room for the next wave of projects by clearing out the old ones. This is an ideal time to file (or toss) materials from previous years.  Get rid of any papers, old journals or other items you haven't touched in months that are cluttering up your office space.
Review your contacts. Identify people that you need to reconnect with. Check in by email or send a hand-written note to say hello, or to set up a time to meet for coffee or lunch after the holidays.
Prep your workspace. Take care of details you don't have time to address during hectic work days. Clean out your drawers, update your inspiration board, thoroughly dust and vacuum your office, and organize book shelves. Restock your desk with fresh office supplies.
Update your job description. Make sure your responsibilities as outlined on paper match what you are actually doing or being evaluated on. If not, review, revise, and submit a more accurate job outline draft to your supervisor. Set up a January meeting to discuss new ideas with your boss.
Offer to help out in other departments. This is a good time to build good will and learn more about other areas of the company. An overwhelmed coworker trying to finish a project before the end of the month may appreciate the help.
Initiate an office pot luck lunch. A slower pace can offer a good opportunity to get together with coworkers for a low key lunch. Take the lead on coordinating a pot luck or other event that will allow employees to get to know each other better.
Schedule personal appointments. Take care of necessary appointments now so it doesn't interfere with your schedule during busier times. A slower work schedule is a good time to plan a dental appointment, an eye exam, or a vet visit you keep putting off. If you have to be out of the office, there is no better time than the present.
Generate goals for the upcoming year. During this short-lived period of quiet time, take the opportunity to reflect on what you've accomplished this past year - documenting your achievements for your next performance review while looking ahead to the New Year. There's power in creating written goals, so aim high, write down your new objectives, and begin thinking about what it will take to meet them.
Create (or update) your particular "step by step how to" manual. Write down everything you do on a daily basis. Create a manual that clearly states what you do and the steps to getting it done. Include how and where to locate important files, client contact information, and everything a person stepping into your job would need to know in case of an emergency.  If you are called out of the office unexpectedly, are promoted and need to train your replacement, or if you accept a coveted position elsewhere, this document will make you look like a hero.
For more of Diane's Holiday Etiquette tips, visit her blog , connect with her here on The Huffington Post, follow her on Pinterest and Instagram and "like" The Protocol School of Texas on Facebook .
Follow Diane Gottsman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dianegottsman
More:

Three Big Mistakes That Ruin Good Projectsreddit
Where do you start a painting project?  Or any type of project?
I was refinishing some furniture recently, and found myself thinking about the three classic mistakes that people make when managing project workflow.
Mistake #1 - Starting with the most visible parts first
Years ago, whenever I was doing a project I'd start with the most prominent part first.  For example, when my husband and I were putting up wallpaper in our first home's foyer, I couldn't wait to get it up.  So we started with the big wall immediately opposite the front.  Which is why for several years the most visible part of our home had a line of crooked wallpaper right in the middle of it.  We should have started in a less prominent place to build our skills before we tackled the big showy part.
When I work with clients, I advise starting projects with a few easy backstage action items first.  You want to be able to get your feet wet on the less critical parts, so that you have skills and confidence before you tackle the largest most visible elements.  But don't wait too long.
Mistake # 2 - Saving the hardest part for last
Building up your experience works, but only to a point.  If you save the hardest parts for last, you'll find yourself running out of time and energy.  Exhibit A for this classic mistake is the dresser I refinished where I saved the top part for last thinking that by the end, I'd have perfected my glazing technique.  Wrong.  I peaked midway, by the end, I was tired, it was late and I was just slapping glaze on the thing like a drunken housewife trying to douse a cheap ham.  Which is why there is now a lamp and a book sitting at odd angles on top of said dresser to cover my sloppy late night work.
When you're planning workflow, put the most important elements in the middle. You'll be experienced enough to do them well, but not so pushed for time that you rush.  For a recent client project, we scheduled the high profile all hands meeting for the midpoint.  We had some quick wins we could share, and we generated internal enthusiasm to carry us over the finish line.
Mistake #3 - Not starting because you don't know how it will end
I know, Stephen Covey says, start with the end in mind.  It's good advice that can keep you from aimless endeavors.  But you don't have to know exactly how things will turn out to start.  The best advice I got on this came from Meryl Streep -- well, actually her husband.  Meryl Streep was doing many films about foreign women with heavy accents and dramatic stories.  A reporter asked her, how do you get into the character, what do you do first, the accent, the movements, the backstory, what?  Streep said, "I learned from my husband who is a sculptor, just start.  Pick whatever place seems the most interesting, or doable, and just start."
I've followed this advice for years.  I don't start my book in the beginning, some I've started in the middle, others with the end.  I start projects with the parts that seem manageable.  I advise clients to start with the places they find interesting.  Because here's the thing, once you start, you're in.  If it's the right project, the work itself will give you energy.
Lisa McLeod is the creator of the popular business concept Noble Purpose and author of the bestseller, Selling with Noble Purpose . She is a sales leadership consultant and keynote speaker.  Organizations like Genentech, Google, and Kaiser hire her to help them grow revenue.

Reinventing Win-Win-Win Business Relationshipsreddit
Life is all about relationships, right?  In our personal lives we put high value on the people who we're closest to -- our spouses or life partners, children, extended family and close friends.
So, are we looking at our professional relationships we have with our clients, suppliers, vendors and prospects in the same way?
Cultivating and nurturing relationships takes time and requires give and take along with mutual understanding.  In order for all relationships to flourish, you need to approach the process of business growth and development by seeking out and maintaining key relationships with individuals you want provide a service to or sell a product to.
Many of the small business owners I work with have challenges finding their ideal client and then pricing their product or service offerings.  Pricing can be determined by recognizing your production and human resource costs while earning a fair profit in order to stay in business and serve your clientele.  Ultimately, you need to fish where the fish are in order to find your preferred clientele.  In other words -- read what they read, speak where they attend, network at their industry trade shows and conferences.
I'm a firm believer in creating win-win-win scenarios for the people I serve.  I want to offer a quality service at a fair price that will have five times the value to my clients as what I'm charging.  If they're happy, I'm happy.  Often times in my nearly three decades of being in business, I've worked with large organizations who target small business owners as clients.  Their objective in hiring my firm is to have a third-party endorser of their products and services -- because I represent their primary customer base.  In that situation, keeping their customer's happy is a key priority.  It's a win-win-win situation when the client's objectives are being served.
Here are some tips on creating those win-win-win relationships with your prospects and clients.
• Ask your clients what their endgame is.  What do they want to accomplish?  What would feel like a success to them?
• Who do they serve and what's important to their ideal customer?
• How do they envision your services helping them to reach or exceed their goals?
• Where have they had great success in the past?
• Are they committed to continuing to implement what's worked in the past, and open to testing new ways of communicating and servicing their clients?
In asking these questions, you create a climate of open communication and position yourself as a valued resource that is truly interested in their success.
People -- including your prospects and customers -- want to know that you care.  Show them you have an interest greater than the money they are exchanging for the service you're delivering.  It's about how you can positively impact their business, their customers and their lives.
It's the holiday season, which is an ideal time to reflect on what value you're giving all of your relationships.  When you focus on how your clients or prospects are impacted by the services you provide, you offer a greater understanding of the connection you have with your key relationships -- in business and in life.
Follow Nancy Michaels on Twitter: www.twitter.com/NancyMichaels
More:

13 things successful people do in the first 10 mins at work13 Things Successful People Do In The First 10 Minutes Of The Workday
By Jacquelyn Smith | Business Insider –  Sat 11 Oct, 2014 12:18 AM IST
Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design/flickr They prioritize and map out their day.
How you handle the first 10 minutes of your workday can largely determine how productive and effective you'll be the rest of the day.
"Getting off on the right foot isn't just important with relationships, it's important with the start of any workday, as well — particularly busy ones," says Michael Kerr, an international business speaker and author of " You Can't Be Serious! Putting Humor to Work ." "The first 10 minutes can also set the tone and your attitude for the day — so it's imperative that you start it off right, with a clean slate."
Lynn Taylor, a national workplace expert and the author of " Tame Your Terrible Office Tyrant: How to Manage Childish Boss Behavior and Thrive in Your Job ," agrees. "Those brief moments can predict your all-important mindset because they're the first impression of your day ahead," she says. "The first few minutes at the office can be the most stressful because there's a level of anxiety about what you may face: a sudden onslaught of urgent emails; last minute crises or meetings; a call to stop by the boss's office; a cranky coworker, and so on. It takes greater self-awareness, a positive mindset, and self-training each morning to counter what feels like negative gravity pulling you down as you face overwhelming demands."
She says you can, and should, choose to proactively resist the temptation to succumb to chaos by viewing morning developments as new challenges that you're equipped to handle. "You'll have a much more positive outcome by day's end, and in general," she says. "This is how the most successful people typically start their workdays."  
David Goehring/Flickr They smile.
Kerr says successful people tend to thrive on routine and habits. "Creating consistent habits is largely what makes them successful," he explains. "And a key time for habit-forming practices is at the start of the day."  
Taylor concurs. She says successful people most often follow a routine each morning to add some level of predictability to an otherwise unpredictable time of day. "They're about to face an array of new and unexpected issues, and they counter this with a strong positive mindset; a reliable, doable set of actions; discipline; and ability to focus." Once you've set a strong foundation for a productive day, you're in better stead to get meaningful results.  
Here are 13 things the most successful people do in the first 10 minutes of their workday:
1. They reflect.
Achieving your best results requires you to reflect on where you've been, where you are, and where you're going, says Taylor. "Successful people build in quiet time and solitude to do this first thing. They ask themselves: 'What did I accomplish toward my goals so far this week — or last week?' 'What is the status of my current projects?' 'What do I need to accomplish today in light of this?'"  
U.S. Department of Education/Flickr They reflect.
2. They take a moment to pause and be present.
'This may sound very 'Buddha-like,' but it's important," Kerr says. "If you arrive and walk into a tumultuous situation with phones ringing and people clambering to see you, you run the risk of starting off on the wrong foot, getting derailed both emotionally and time-wise, and letting other people set the agenda for you." Centering yourself and being fully present will help make sure you manage the day ahead, rather than allowing it to manage you.
3. They get comfortable.
Successful people take a minute at the beginning of the workday to make sure their chair is adjusted properly and the items they frequently access — keyboard, phone, computer mouse — are all in comfortable reach, Taylor says. "Ensure that you have proper lighting," she adds. "Your day will go well if you have an ergonomic environment that's functional."
4. They review their to-do list, make any necessary adjustments, and mentally map out their day.
"This helps them remember the need to stick to the plan and focus on the things that are truly important, and not simply urgent," Kerr explains. Mentally running through their day also helps successful people visualize success, which can boost confidence levels tremendously. "It can also help you see where potential challenges may lie with how you've scheduled your day, so you can make the necessary adjustments."
They also review their calendars to assess if anything needs changing or rearranging with how their day is planned, and to see if there's any preparatory work that might need scheduling in before a call or meeting.
5. They prioritize.
A positive outcome of some big picture reflection is the ability to better prioritize your "to do" items, Taylor says. "Go beyond just making a list, and challenge yourself to create a realistic hierarchy for your projects ." 
6. They stretch, stand, and walk.
Successful people make sure to stretch and get their circulation going before they get into a sedentary sitting position. "Consider walking or standing in the first few minutes of your workday," Taylor suggests. "This can give you a feeling of greater control, too, as you tackle the day's agenda — much as speakers establish authority by standing before their audience ."
AIGA RALEIGH/flickr They walk around and greet their colleagues.
7. They take time to greet their team. 
This is especially critical if you are a leader, Kerr says. "But no matter what role you're in, it's important."  
Taylor says visiting and checking in with your boss and team will help yourself and others kickstart the day. "To advance in your career, you just can't skimp on your people skills. You can be the most technically savvy person in the room, but your attitude can amplify or chip away at the value of your technical skills." Being friendly first thing in the morning makes the workplace more pleasant for everyone — "and your humanistic approach will be contagious."
8. They take a temperature read of their staff/coworkers.
Strong managers take a moment in the morning to talk briefly with their staff to ensure they seem engaged and motivated. "At a glance, these savvy professionals can often get a cursory reading of the energy level and job satisfaction of their staff," Taylor says. "If things seem awry, they are best tackled later on in the day."
9. They organize their workspace area.
Not being able to find things is a huge office time waster. "So while you may pride yourself on jumping into the fray with no down time, clutter will catch up to you," says Taylor. "Facing a clean or cleaner slate on your desk and desktop will better clear your mind for the day's tasks."  
10. They strategically check email.
"I emphasize 'strategically' because email can quickly become a time-wasting, distracting quagmire," Kerr explains. "Checking email can become one of those tasks that make it feel like you are accomplishing things, wherein the danger is you are not attending to priority action items and you're letting others set your agenda."
Successful people understand this, and are extremely efficient with email , which means their first 10 minutes of the day may simply mean a quick scan and prioritizing of emails to answer later as part of your pre-planned day — not necessarily diving into the entire mass at once.
Getty Images/Omar Havana They strategically check email.
11. They anticipate and avoid distractions.
We all face some of the same anticipated distractions at the start of the day. "Successful business professionals know how to mitigate them to maximize their first few minutes at their office," says Taylor. "These may include low priority calls, unnecessary optional meetings, chatty coworkers, new incoming emails or texts, social media, or other low priority notifications — all of which challenge you to focus on your day's plan."
12. They smile and laugh.
"Many successful people I know have a routine of starting their morning with a simple chuckle — whether it's from a 'joke of the day' email they subscribe to, or some tradition they've created to give themselves a chance to laugh each morning," says Kerr. "starting their day with a smile has become a must-do for them as a simple way to check their attitude and start with the right frame of mind."
Taylor notes that studies consistently show that by using your "smile muscles," your mood becomes more positive. "You don't need to create a phony smile, but a pleasant expression will have the added benefit of reminding you of your power."
13. They take a moment to be grateful. 
"A great way that successful people start their day is to identify something they're grateful for, and it may be personal or business-related," Taylor notes. "It's motivational and reminds them to put small things in perspective.  
Taylor says all successful people take advantage of the first few minutes of their workday to get grounded and focused. "Once you've adopted the right mindset and routine for success, the rest of the day flows much more smoothly."
More From Business Insider

Govt bans all unregistered app-based taxi providersGovt bans all unregistered app-based taxi providers
Reuters
* Unregistered internet taxi firms to halt operations in India
* Thailand orders Uber cabs off its roads too
* Uber, other internet taxi firms banned in New Delhi
India ordered state governments to halt the operations of all unregistered, web-based taxi companies on Tuesday after a female passenger reported she was raped in New Delhi by a driver contracted to U.S. cab company Uber.
The case has caused uproar in India after it emerged that the suspect had previously been charged for rape but had obtained a character reference signed by a police officer that was forged.
It has also revealed a failure to regulate the booming market for app-based taxi services in India. The Delhi transport department said it ordered Uber to cease operations on Monday by post.
"Such service providers which are not licensed ... are prohibited to operate till they get themselves registered," Home Minister Rajnath Singh told Parliament, where several lawmakers grilled him over the lack of women's safety in the capital.
"The Delhi Police is also exploring the issue of possible legal liability of the taxi service Uber in the crime committed," he said.
Singh's comments came after New Delhi's transport division banned Uber and other similar web-based taxi providers that are unregistered. A public notice on Tuesday stated only six radio taxi companies will operate in New Delhi.
Piling pressure on Uber, Thai transport authorities on Tuesday ordered the company to cease operations.
Thailand's Department of Land Transport said drivers picking up fare-paying passengers via Uber were neither registered nor insured to drive commercial vehicles, and that Uber's credit-card payment system did not comply with regulations.
Taxi booking apps have irked drivers at traditional taxi firms across the globe. Consumers are increasingly using the smartphone software to find people willing to drive them, rather than booking a cab by phone.
Uber was blacklisted in New Delhi on Monday after police said it had failed to run background checks on the driver, who was held three years ago on suspicion of rape but later acquitted.
The arrested driver, Shiv Kumar Yadav, appeared in court on Monday and was remanded in custody for three days. Yadav had obtained a reference from the Delhi Police, but the deputy commissioner of police for north Delhi Madhur Verma told Reuters it was forged.
Verma also said the police have registered "a case against Uber for cheating its customers and violating government orders".
The Uber case has reignited a debate about the safety of women in Asia's third-largest economy, especially New Delhi, which is often dubbed India's rape capital.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy shares up on CCI clearanceSun Pharma, Ranbaxy shares up on CCI clearance
Nalinakanthi
Tweet
December 9, 2014:  
The shareholders of Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy cheered the long-awaited nod from the Competition Commission of India (CCI) for the latter’s merger with Sun Pharma. While the stock of Sun Pharma gained about 2 per cent, Ranbaxy’s stock gained nearly 4 per cent in trade on Tuesday.
The merger approval is subject to fulfillment of these conditions by the Sun-Ranbaxy combine. After analysing the product portfolio and market position of these two companies across therapeutic segments, CCI, which is the nodal body for cracking down anti-competitive practices, has recommended divesting six of Ranbaxy's brands and one brand owned by Sun Pharma.
CCI conditions
The two companies collectively constitute up to 95 per cent of the total market for these seven formulations. For instance, consider the cholesterol lowering drug combination – Rosuvastatin + Ezetimibe. Ranbaxy’s Rosuvas EZ brand is the leader, with over 55-60 per cent of the market. Sun’s Rozavel EZ brand accounts for almost 30-35 per cent of the total market for this combination.
CCI has also recommended stalling of development and commercialisation of Ranbaxy’s two oral anti-diabetic products – Sitagliptin and Sitagliptin + Metformin combination, wherein Sun already has meaningful presence. Sun, which in-licensed these molecules from the innovator – Merck Sharpe and Dohme (MSD) in 2011-12, sells them under the brand name – Istavel and Istamet.
However, the conditions imposed by CCI for the successful completion of the merger, is unlikely to have any material impact on the combined entity’s revenue and profit.
According to an analysis by pharma market research firm AIOCD AWACS, the total sales (for Ranbaxy and Sun) from these seven brands is estimated at Rs 137 crore. Domestic sales of the Sun-Ranbaxy combine for the 12- month period ended October stood at Rs 7,311 crore, according to AIOCD AWACS.
According to a joint press release by Sun and Ranbaxy, the revenue loss for the combined entity on account of this move will be less than a per cent.
Post-merger, Sun Pharma will be India’s largest pharma company with domestic sales in excess of $1 billion and the fifth largest generic speciality company in the world.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

SpiceJet not to take bookings beyond 30 daysSpiceJet not to take bookings beyond 30 days
Ashwini Phadnis
The Hindu
New Delhi, Dec 9:  
SpiceJet has stopped taking booking beyond 30 days. When contacted an airline spokesman merely said we are complying with the order of the DGCA.
The move comes a day after the DGCA threatened to take action against the airline. The airline fleet has been truncated and it has cancelled over 80 flights.
SpiceJet COO Sanjiv Kapoor recently told BusinessLine in an interview that about one-third of the company's revenues come from bookings beyond 30 days. He had said: "If you have a sale or promotion it is much higher. If you cut that booking period out beyond 30 days immediately almost one-third of the revenue goes away. At a time when we are trying to turnaround and generate revenues, pay off liabilities and meet payments it makes it harder. That is why we are saying it will be counterproductive."
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Brent crude steadies near $66 after hitting fresh 5-year lowBrent crude steadies near $66 after hitting fresh 5-year low
Reuters
Tweet
Beijing, Dec 9:  
Brent crude oil hit a fresh five-year low on Tuesday before steadying near $66 a barrel as some cautious buying emerged following a 43 per cent price slide since June.
Fast-growing US shale output has hurt the ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to manage supplies, sending prices sharply lower in anticipation of a large oil glut early next year.
Brent crude at 5-year low. On the technical charts, crude is at imp. 61.8% retracement of LT move. The fall has to stop here. Else $40 is on
— lokeshwarri sk (@lokeshwarri) December 9, 2014
Supply and demand will set the prices for oil in coming months, an oil official from the United Arab Emirates said on Tuesday, in the latest sign OPEC Gulf producers are ready to weather lower prices after declining to cut output last month.
“Although talks of oil reaching its bottom are more rampant, we fail to see a reversal coming without stronger fundamentals,’’ Daniel Ang of Phillip Futures said in a note.
Brent crude for January delivery was up 2 cents at $66.21 a barrel by 0940 GMT after falling as low as $65.29, its weakest since September 2009. Brent had fallen fell by 4.2 per cent or $2.88 on Monday in its third-largest one-day loss this year.
US crude was up 23 cents at $63.28 a barrel, bouncing after briefly hitting $62.25, its lowest since July 2009. It fell 4.2 per cent or $2.79 on Monday.
Crude sales
Industry sources said top OPEC exporter Saudi Arabia would keep crude sales at full contracted volumes for Asian term buyers in January, while the head of Kuwait’s national oil company had said on Monday that oil would remain around $65 a barrel for months.
Norwegian brokerage DNB Markets said that excess supplies could push Brent down to the $50s in the first half of 2015 as it lowered its average year forecast by $10 to $70 per barrel.
Brent prices averaged around $110 between 2011 and 2013 and topped $115 in June. Losses accelerated in late November after OPEC decided against reducing its output target, despite its own forecasts of a surplus and calls from members, including Iran and Venezuela to cut production.
Since then, Saudi Arabia and second-largest OPEC producer Iraq have both cut monthly prices for the United States and Asia, in a move some analysts say shows OPEC members are competing for market share.
US shale gas
New US projections show oil production from the big three US shale plays should grow by more than 100,000 barrels per day by January.
However, many shale companies are starting to make deep cuts to spending for next year.
(This article was published on December 9, 2014)
Related

Muslims see red over BJP s madrasa moveHindus 'converted' to Christianity in Bihar village
The plan to get an upgraded madrasa inaugurated by Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP Murli Manohar Joshi has drawn adverse comments from the Muslim community, who are demanding that it be cancelled.
“The Muslims are upset over the inauguration by Joshi. I will meet city’s Qazi soon to find a way out but so far there is no change in the plan,” madrasa principal Mohammad Mehraj said.
Al Jamiat-Ul-Nooria madrasa located in Shyam Nagar area of Joshi’s constituency is being upgraded and the construction is scheduled to be completed by January next year.
“A group of Muslims approached me to raise objections on the plan of inauguration by Joshi who they alleged was responsible for Babri incident and leaders of his party have said in past that madrasas are imparting education of terror,” Qazu Aalam Raza Noori said.
“I will meet the madrasa principal and ask him the reason for extending an invitation to Joshi. I believe a political person should not inaugurate it but I will take a decision after the meeting,” he added.
The madrasa principal had approached local BJP leaders expressing his desire to get the madrasa inaugurated by Joshi saying the move will help in ‘bridging the gap between Muslims and BJP’.
A controversy had broken out earlier with the local BJP leaders receiving reports that the madrasa has already been inaugurated.
However, after it could be ascertained that the reports were false, Joshi had accepted the invitation to inaugurate it during his visit to the city in January.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party Murli Manohar Joshi Muslims
More from miscellaneous
BJP helping ISIS spread its network in Gujarat, claims Shankersinh Vaghela Senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela today alleged that the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) has been helping terror outfit ISIS spread its network in Gujarat. Vaghela claimed that the BJP never hesitated to take the help of such ‘anti-social elements’ for political gains. “BJP never hesitate to take help of such global anti-social elements for political […]

Female advisers will report to all-male Army Ranger School in JanuaryBy Dan Lamothe December 9 Follow @danlamothe
A team of women training to become adviser/observers at the Army Ranger School scale a tower in November. (U.S. Army photo)
The Army isn’t saying yet whether women will be allowed to attend its elite, all-male Army Ranger School next year, but all signs point toward the service moving toward it.
The latest signal: 31 women selected recently to become “observer/advisers” in case the service allows female Ranger students will report to the school in January, said Col. David Fivecoat, commander of the Airborne and Ranger Training Brigade that oversees the school. That’s around the same time that Army Chief of Staff Gen.  Raymond T. Odierno is expected to announce a decision.
The review is part of a broader and controversial Defense Department effort to integrate women into more combat assignments in the military. Service officials have until 2016 to seek exemptions for certain jobs.
Fivecoat told Checkpoint the women will go through a weeks-long training programs, and observe men going through Ranger School from January through March. That would happen ahead of female students attending in the spring, should Odierno give them the green light to attend.
“We’re doing prudent planning, like any military organization,” Fivecoat said. “We’re ready to do whatever the chief tells us to.”
Forty-six women went to Fort Benning, Ga., in November interested in becoming “observer/advisers,” and the Army selected 31 one of them. They include 11 officers and 20 enlisted non-commissioned officers, the colonel said. They have gone back to their regular units in the Army, but will be back next month.
Interest among women in attending Ranger School has been significant. As noted by Army Times on Friday , the service will limit the amount of female soldiers who can attend next year to 160, and had significantly more volunteers than that. The course runs 11 times per year, with between 300 and 400 soldier attending at a time.
Ranger School remains one of the military’s most difficult. Fivecoat said that 3,354 reported for it in 2013, and 1,506 — about 45 percent — passed. About four out of five soldiers who wash out do so in the first four days, known as Ranger Assessment Phase.
The course itself is 62 days long, and includes three phases. The first is at Fort Benning. The second takes place in the mountains of Camp Frank D. Merrill in Dahlonega, Ga., and the third occurs in swamps at Camp James E. Rudder at Eglin Air Force Base, Fla. If women take the course and pass next year, they will be allowed to wear the Army’s prestigious Ranger tab, but will not join the 75th Ranger Regiment.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Private jet crashes into Maryland house  six persons killedprint
A firefighter stands outside a smoldering house where a small plane crashed in Gaithersburg, Maryland. (AP Photo)
An executive jet crashed into a Maryland house on Monday, killing all three people aboard the plane and a mother and two children inside the house, a fire official said.
The pilot of the jet who died in the crash had previously crashed a plane destined for the same airport in 2010, according to records.
The Embraer SA twin-engine Phenom 100 crashed into a home about one mile (1.6 km) from the Montgomery County Airpark in Gaithersburg, a Washington suburb.
According to the Federal Aviation Administration, the plane was registered to Michael Rosenberg, an adjunct professor of epidemiology at University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill and CEO of clinical research company Health Decisions, Inc.
In 2010, Rosenberg crashed another airplane near Monday's wreck site, although there were no injuries in that crash, according to National Transportation Safety Board records. The 2010 accident occurred at the Montgomery County Airpark, also Rosenberg's destination on Monday, when he lost control while landing and crashed into trees, according to records.
Monday's crash killed Rosenberg who was piloting the aircraft and the two other people on board, as well as a mother and two children in the home, Montgomery County Fire and Rescue spokesperson Pete Piringer said on Twitter.
The crash sparked a fire that destroyed two homes, and three others were damaged. Piringer said crews had contained the fires but some jet fuel had leaked into a stream.
The plane had departed from an airport on the Chapel Hill campus at 9:30am., an NTSB spokesperson told a news conference on Monday night. 
Investigators, who were expected to be on the scene for up to seven days, will examine the experience and training of the pilot, weather factors, engine condition and interview the aircraft controller who handled the attempted landing, NTSB spokesperson Robert Sumwalt said. They will also look into a possible bird strike.
"Our mission is to find out what happened and why it happened so it will never happen again," Sumwalt told the news conference.
Witnesses told local media that the plane had been circling with the wheels down, and looked as if it was struggling for control.

20-year-old Jaipur girl gets Rs 2.1-crore offer from FacebookComments
Astha Agarwal had no inkling back in 2009 when she signed up as a user on Facebook that she would one day get an offer from the social networking company.
She had joined FB to keep in touch with people she met in Azerbaijan during the International Junior Science Olympiad, but in May this year, she was at FB headquarters in Menlo Park, California, for summer internship.
After the May-to-July internship, she got the offer to work as a software engineer at FB.
“But it was only recently that I calculated the money in INR and realised mine was the highest among all FB offers,” she says as she shows HT a copy of the offer letter. Astha will join FB in October next year after she completes her eighth semester at Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay (IIT-B).
Video: Here's what Astha has to say
Astha, 20, is the younger of the two daughters of a Rajasthan Vidyut Prasaran Nigam Limited (RVPNL), a transmission company, executive engineer. She is in Jaipur for her winter vacation.
After the news has got out that she’s got a pre-placement offer from the social media company for Rs. 2.1 crore salary, including sign-on bonus and ESOPs, the phone at the modest Agarwal household in government colony on Sahkar Marg in Jaipur hasn’t stopped ringing.
She got into IIT when her elder sister, Pavitra, graduated from IIT, Delhi, as a chemical engineer. She secured all India rank of 90 in IIT-JEE 2011 and joined department of computer science engineering at IIT-B.
However, Astha isn’t as excited about the money as much as she is excited about working for Facebook. “She also got an offer from Google, but she didn’t take it,” her father Ashok Agarwal says.
“As a matter of fact, she hasn’t appeared for any other company during the placements.”
“What I liked about FB was that is has much less employees than Google and it is easier to make an impact with less people around,” she explains why she’s so happy for the offer.
“It’s a start-up kind of a culture, but more than anything, I guess it’s just a matter of choice.” Talking about Zuckerberg, she says she didn’t get a chance to meet him personally during the internship “but I recall from a recent news was that he wears the same t-shirt every day so he doesn’t waste time in deciding what to wear”.
“I think that is something very inspiring and people who complain about lack of time can learn something from this,” she says. Astha is one of the five other IIT-B graduates who have got FB offer: two during pre-placements and three from campus placements.
Astha went to St Xavier’s School in Jaipur and got 98% in Class 12.

Three instances where a personal loan beats the usage of a credit cardThe great Indian sale
We live in the day and age of plastic money today. Even if you do not have the required amount of cash in your bank for something that you need urgently, it’s easy to pull out a credit card and pay for it. But is the best you can do, or would you opt for a personal loan instead?
Using a credit card much without making timely repayments can lead you into falling into a debt trap that will ultimately reflect badly on your Cibil score. Taking a personal loan may prove to be a wiser decision instead. The following are three situations where a personal loan beats the use of a credit card.
You do not want to hurt your Cibil score
Let’s say you need to get some renovation work done for your home and your interior decorator says your bill will run up to Rs 80,000. You have the option of paying through your credit card but if you do your utilization ratio on your card goes up to 80%. This means you are nearly close to your credit limit on your card. A high utilisation ratio has a negative bearing on one’s Cibil report. If you opt for a personal loan instead, which is an EMI based loan and make timely payments you will have a good score.
A credit card debt trap
With access to easy money on your credit card, it’s easy to fall into the “minimum payment” loop. You do have intentions of paying off the debt in full, but are unable to when the due date arrives. At other times, you may want to spend a certain amount on you card, but some unforeseen expense comes along and you end up spending more than you had budgeted. At such times, it’s better to consider a personal loan. If you take a personal loan, you debt will not be stretched out indefinitely and you will pay a lesser rate of interest too. Further APR (annual percentage rate) on credit card balance is in the range of 36 -43% compared to a Personal loan which will range from 14 – 18% which is cheaper.
Nobody likes nasty surprises!
If you haven’t done your homework while opting for a credit card, you may not know whether you lender is charging you a fixed or a variable rate of interest. In case of changes in the macroeconomic scenario, when interest rates rise your credit card costs can shoot up considerably. If you have a major expense coming up, it is better to take a personal loan that is offered at a fixed rate of interest. With a fixed interest rate, your EMI remains the same and you do not get any nasty surprises!
As easy as it is to use a credit card, one is likely to fall into a debt trap rather unwittingly. Before you use your credit card for a major expense, weigh your options and consider whether a personal loan will be better instead.
TAGS: Credit Card
More from personalfinance

Uber cabbie has a tainted past  his village celebrates arrestComments
When the news of Uber cabbie Shiv Kumar Yadav's arrest reached Ram Nagar village in Uttar Pradesh's Mainpuri, residents celebrated and women distributed halwa and prayed at the Shiv temple. The picture they painted of the 32-year-old was of a notorious serial sexual offender who terrorised women and had even been banished from the district.
Police escort Uber taxi driver and accused rapist Shiv Kumar Yadav following his court appearance in New Delhi. (AFP photo)
Yadav, who allegedly raped a woman who took his cab in Delhi on Friday, was arrested in Mainpuri in 2013 on rape charges but released on bail six months later. Delhi Police have already revealed his involvement in another previous case of rape in 2011, for which he spent seven months in Tihar jail but was let off after the case fell.
Official records show Yadav has a string of criminal complaints against him, including two molestation cases, but managed to obtain a character reference signed by a police officer that appeared to have been forged .
He escaped each time due to lack of evidence - something that seemed to embolden him.
Adding to his long list of criminal transgressions, another woman came forward on Tuesday, saying she had filed a complaint against him with Uber barely a month ago but the cab company had taken no action.
"I was coming from Chandni Chowk and the driver started staring at me lecherously through the rear view mirror. The situation got so bad that I had to hide behind the seat to avoid his stares. I later filed a written complaint with Uber but no action was taken," US-based Nidhi Shah, who took the cab on November 26, told NDTV.
Shah also shared her experience on Twitter. She said she received a reply from Uber saying "someone will have a chat with the driver", but there was no further follow-up.
"I blame myself for not taking the complaint seriously. Maybe if I had insisted on stricter action, the (rape) incident could have been avoided," she told the TV channel.
Residents of Ram Nagar village, where Yadav grew up, say he terrorised local women, who dreaded stepping out of their homes after dusk if he was in the village. 
"He is a compulsive sex offender. You won't find a single household in this village whose women he hasn't teased or molested. I know no less than 26-27 cases that never reached the police," said resident Kushun Singh.
Tehsildaar Singh, another villager, said, "Six months ago, he sneaked into the village, pinned down a girl and blackmailed his father into buying him a car. When his father refused, he climbed a tree with a noose around his neck... His father relented."
Delhi cab rape: 'Uber's image last concern, want to see justice done'
This was the same car he used to allegedly rape the 25-year-old financial analyst in Delhi on Friday night.
"Police had barred him from entering Mainpuri. Though people are terrified, they seldom lodge any criminal complaint because they believe it will bring a bad name to the village," said a police officer.
Despite his criminal past, Yadav had managed to forge a character certificate for an all-India tourist permit for his Maruti Swift Dzire.
Yadav's family wants nothing to do with him. "A mother doesn't expect her son to commit such a demonic act. In the past, we did our best to bring him on the right path. It is time now for him to pay for his crime," Ganga Shri, 70, said.
Mahendra Yadav, his former teacher, said, "His father wanted him to pursue engineering. He was a good student till Class 10."
 
Yadav's name entered police books in 2003, when he was 21, for allegedly molesting and assaulting a girl in Mainpuri. From that year to 2009, he was booked several times under the Goonda Act and charged with carrying illegal firearms.
 
On December 13, 2011, the son of a college principal was arrested for allegedly raping a young passenger at Chhatarpur in Delhi. The girl had hired his cab to take her home from a dance bar in Gurgaon.
But, inconsistencies in her statement led to Yadav's acquittal in November next year because the crime couldn't be established beyond reasonable doubt.
 
Yadav was again accused of raping a girl in Mainpuri in 2013. He was arrested after a case was registered with Elau police station but later released on bail.
He became more daring over time. He was charged early this year with molestation and assault of a woman in the Elau area of Mainpuri, where he had already faced eight separate criminal charges. Again he escaped with a rap on the knuckles because of lack of evidence.
Yadav says it was consensual sex: Cops
The police said Yadav was claiming it was a consensual encounter for which he had agreed to pay the Delhi woman the Rs. 20,000 she allegedly demanded. "He claims that after consensual sex, the woman demanded Rs. 50,000 and when he refused to pay up, she threatened to go to the police," an investigating officer said.
According to sources in the Delhi Police, Yadav also gave his interrogators a detailed account of the 'sexual cruelty' he subjected the woman to for almost an hour - slapping her thrice, attempting to strangle her and threatening to insert an iron rod in her, even as she cried for mercy and pleaded saying she was getting married in January.
Police sources said Yadav showed no remorse, was behaving casually and his only demand was 'low-sugar' Marie biscuits with his tea. He was on Tuesday taken to Mathura, where his clothes and two mobile phones were recovered.
"While hiding in Mathura, Yadav was in constant touch with two lawyers. One advised him against undergoing an identification parade  while the other suggested he leave the country and flee to Nepal," the officer said.
Watch: Uber cab driver's mother wants punishment for her son's crime

Putin s India visit will boost diamond trade: GJEPCDec 09, 2014, 07.41 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Putin's India visit will boost diamond trade: GJEPC
Setting up of these zones would help attract global diamond firms to open offices in Mumbai, a major diamond trading hub of the country, besides Surat. The body wants direct selling of rough diamonds from Russian mines to India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Putin's India visit will boost diamond trade: GJEPC
Setting up of these zones would help attract global diamond firms to open offices in Mumbai, a major diamond trading hub of the country, besides Surat. The body wants direct selling of rough diamonds from Russian mines to India.
Post your opinion here
 
Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) has expressed the hope that Russian President Vladimir Putin's forthcoming visit to India will boost the diamond sector in both the countries. Putin's two-day India visit starts tomorrow.
"India, which is the major diamond polishing hub, and Russia, which is poised to spend significantly in diamond exploration in the future, are natural diamond partners and expected to gain enormously with the direct partnership proposed by the industry. The visit of President Putin to India during the World Diamond Conference is of great significance and we are hopeful that (Indian) government accepts our proposals for direct sourcing and a special notified zone in India," GJEPC Chairman Vipul Shah said in a statement.
Setting up of these zones would help attract global diamond firms to open offices in Mumbai, a major diamond trading hub of the country, besides Surat. The body wants direct selling of rough diamonds from Russian mines to India.
GJEPC in association with the World Diamond Mark Foundation and with the support from the Ministry of Commerce and Industry is organising the World Diamond Conference here during December 11-12.
Putin and Prime Minister Narendra Modi are expected to attend the inaugural function. Russia is the world's top producer of rough diamonds. But the direct selling of rough diamonds from Russian mines to India is less. Most of the diamonds comes through diamond hubs such as Antwerp and Dubai.
GJEPC also said that for the first time ever India will witness a convocation attended by global heads of mines, luxury brands and global diamond organisations such as World Diamond Mark Foundation, De Beers, Alrosa, World Federation of Diamond Bourses, Rio Tinto, Antwerp Diamond Bank, International Diamond Manufacturers Association and World Diamond Council.
It said the MoU on direct sourcing of rough' between Alorsa and India is expected to be signed during the conference.It will give an edge to Russia over other countries such as Dubai and Antwerp, it added.
The bilateral trade between Russia and India stands at USD 10 billion. According to reports, Russia exports USD 4 billion worth of rough diamonds, but currently only about USD 800 million of them go directly to India.
RELATED NEWS

PM Modi s appeal to Jharkhand voters for giving decisive mandate to BJPPress Trust of India | Dec 09, 2014 at  07:46pm IST
Dhanbad: Flaying the Opposition, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said it has run out of issues and asked the people of Jharkhand to give a decisive mandate in favour of the BJP to ensure state's speedy development.
Seeking a stable government with full majority in Jharkhand, Modi asked people not to hand over power in the state in the hands of "thekedars" (brokers).
"These days leaders of opposition parties are very upset. They have to campaign for the sake of their survival and are going to Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir too. But they don't have any issues against the Modi government. They are repeating their speeches made during the Lok Sabha elections. There is bankruptcy of issues for opposition," Modi said addressing a poll rally on Dhanbad on Tuesday.
Seeking a stable government with full majority in Jharkhand, Modi asked people not to hand over power in the state in the hands of "thekedars" (brokers).
The Prime Minister said his government's policies will help the mineral-rich state progress fast and reap benefits of its coal reserves. Exhorting the people to elect a BJP government with full majority, Modi said, "You have done this for country, will you not do it for the sake of Jharkhand. Coalition governments in the country have given the power in the hands of 'thekedars' and you know what they have done to the country and the states for so many years."
Referring to the state's rich coal reserves, he said, "You are sitting on a black diamond. This Jharkhand's black diamond has the potential to light up the entire country and our policies will help the state reap its benefits." Talking about the Coal scam and the Supreme Court verdict on it, the Prime Minister said though it came as a "blow" to us and "pained" the government, it was taken up as an "opportunity" to improve things.
Modi also hit out at the Opposition for "lying" to the people while nationalising banks some 40 years ago in the name of helping the poor. He said the Jan Dhan Yojna has helped every poor in the country open a bank account and benefit even without depositing a single penny. So far the poor of the country have deposited Rs 7,000 crore in bank accounts opened by them under the scheme, he said.
Comparing the prosperous western part of the country with the under-developed eastern part, he said the country will become strong only if both sides develop equally and announced his government's focus to develop the eastern part of the country which is rich in natural resources.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

A few Indian youths have left the country to join ISIS: GovtHaribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary
(The government today said…)
NEW DELHI: The government today said it has got intelligence inputs that a few Indian youths have left the country to join ISIS but their number is "miniscule".
"The government agencies closely monitor certain vulnerable areas for possible anti-national activities, including terrorist activities. In general, unemployed youth(s) are more vulnerable to propaganda by terrorist outfits .
"There are intelligence inputs that a few Indian youth(s) have left the country to join the ISIS. Their numbers, however, are miniscule," Minister of State for Home Haribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary said in a written reply in Lok Sabha.
He said the government is committed to taking proactive measures to ensure that misguided youths of the country resorting to terrorism/extremism or any other anti-national activity are brought back to the mainstream and contribute to the process of national building.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1qpQlmFEMAIL
Q: Can I give stock as a gift?
A: Looking for a perfect gift – for a budding investor? You could buy a Donald Trump doll. But don’t. Please. Here’s a much smarter idea.
Don’t waste money on bad gifts – invest in good gifts. Buy stock as a gift. You’ll teach the kids about the value of money and investing. Sure beats giving them a gift card that teaches them to spend and consume. People think of paper certificates as the way to go. But certificates expensive and impractical. Brokers usually charge fees to issue paper certificates – and many companies don’t issue them anymore. If you must have a paper certificate, there are services like Giveashare.com where you can buy the stock and frame it. But expect to pay $40 extra for these services on top of the price of the stock. It’s more efficient to create a custodial account for a minor. It’s easy. Do it either through a discount broker or with the company if it has a direct stock purchase plan.
It’s easiest to work with a low-cost online broker. Put cash in the minor’s account and buy the stock. Here’s a great gift. Buy shares of an S&P 500 exchange traded fund. Need something to put under the tree? Print the account statement and include some gifts from S&P 500 companies – like a Hershey Bar or a Hasbro game. Your uncool gifts end now.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.
AP

Burmese author and politician facing possible jail for blasphemyThe Irrawaddy reports:
Columnist and National League for Democracy member Htin Lin Oo has been subjected to a lawsuit for contravening the Burmese Penal Code’s statutes on religious offence, after a speech last month provoked outrage from Buddhist groups.
An officer from the Department of Immigration in Sagaing Division’s Chaung-U Township has filed a lawsuit against Htin Lin Oo under Article 295a, which prohibits “deliberate and malicious acts intended to outrage religious feelings”, and Article 298, which proscribes “uttering words [...] with deliberate intent to wound religious feelings”. Both charges are punishable by fines or imprisonment of up to two years for the former and one year for the latter….
The prominent author gave a two-hour speech to over 500 people at a literary event in Sagaing Division’s Chaung-U Township on Oct. 23, during which he criticized the use of Buddhism as fig leaf for prejudice and discrimination.
“Buddha is not Burmese, not Shan and not Karen — so if you want to be an extreme nationalist and if you love to maintain your race that much, don’t believe in Buddhism,” he said at the time….
“If they accuse me of insulting the religion … I will also defend that,” Htin Lin Oo said. “I didn’t intend to target monks, I only intended to discuss those who don’t obey the Buddha’s words and do whatever they want. Everyone already knows that but they just ignore it.”
He added that the Buddha instructed his followers to have mercy on all beings, and those who argue that some should be shown kindness to the exclusion of others do not live up to Buddhism’s precepts.
“There are both good people and bad people in all religions,” he said. “We can’t insult other religions for having some bad people and also say that others can’t insult Buddhism for having some bad people. I believe I did my duty.”
Unsurprisingly, I’m not an expert on Burmese law, but from this story this sounds like what might have been called a “private prosecution” in America — a criminal claim but brought by a citizen (though here, a government employee) rather than by an official prosecutor. If anyone knows what the likelihood of a conviction here would be, please let me know.
Thanks to Prof. Howard Friedman (Religion Clause) for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

http://usat.ly/1BwlKrtWill and Kate meet Jay Z and Beyonce at NBA game
Dec 09, 2014
 
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were at Barclays Center for the Brooklyn Nets vs. Cleveland Cavaliers game to celebrate new community partnership between Royal Foundation and NBA. They also shook hands with Jay Z and Beyonce on the court. VPC
More from news

Chinese  Uber  service gets USD 700 million investmentRupee down 34 paise against dollar in early trade
Didi Taxi, China’s popular cab-hailing app similar to Uber, has attracted an investment worth more than USD 700 million, it was announced today, marking the biggest investment in China’s mobile internet sector.
Investment group DST, Singapore’s state-linked investment giant Temasek and China’s tech juggernaut Tencent were all involved.
It is one of the biggest single investments for China’s non-listed Internet companies.
Cheng Wei, the company’s CEO, said with the investment, Didi will ramp up research and development efforts for the application, and try to expand new businesses, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
With Tencent’s huge number of users (it has 468 million users on WeChat, its instant messaging service), the investment is expected to give Didi extra firepower in the taxi app market battle in China, said Liu Chiping, president of Tencent, the report said.
Similar to San Francisco-headquartered taxi service Uber, Didi Taxi was started in June 2012.
So far, it has more than 100 million registered users and over one million registered drivers, with more than 5.2 million transactions a day at the highest.
Didi’s service covers more than 300 cities in China.
TAGS: China Uber Cab
More from industry

Day after homecoming  Muslim families deny embracing HinduismComments
About 57 Muslim families contested on Tuesday hard-line Hindu groups Dharma Jagaran Manch and Bajrang Dal’s claim that they have switched to Hinduism, saying they were tricked into a conversion event couched as a “homecoming ceremony” in Agra.
Noor Mohammad, one of the people who alleged that the two Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh offshoots had lured them into a programme to collect BPL and ration cards. (HT photo)
“We were not aware that it was an exercise to convert us to Hinduism. We are Muslims and would continue to be so,” said Noor Mohammad, one of the people who alleged that the two Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh offshoots had lured them into Monday’s programme to collect BPL and ration cards.
The Bajrang Dal said the families “reconverted to their original faith” at the event after having embraced Islam some 25 years ago.
Such reports stoke fears of the rise of the Hindu right fringe which has shown signs of assertiveness since the election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The so-called new converts, who eke out a living by picking rags and doing odd jobs, live in the Ved Nagar area on Devri Road of Agra. This colony of poor people is inhabited mostly by Hindu Dalits and the Muslim families, comprising 300 members, who had migrated from Bengal and Bihar.
“What is the difference between Allah and Bhagwan? We are Muslim and never converted to Hinduism and would remain Muslim,” said Sufia Begum, 60.
Muneera, a woman who stayed away from the ritual, said people were converted so that they give their consent to build a Kali temple on a plot owned by Muslims.
Neighbour Jehangir said he went because he was promised a ration card.
The rebuff caught many off guard because they saw Ismail Siddique, popular as thekedar (contractor) change to Raj Kumar on Monday and pledge to worship Hindu deities. The new converts were apparently given an idol of Kali after a ritualistic purification prayer.
Ismail on Tuesday denied having changed his faith. “We are Muslims and never converted to Hinduism.”
Red-faced organisers of the function promptly blamed “pressure from outside to reverse their reconversion”.
Ajju Chauhan, a Bajrang Dal functionary, said no force, coercion or lure of BPL and ration cards were used to bring people to the camp, considered a dry run to a massive function with a similar agenda lined up for December 25 in Aligarh.
The Vishwa Hindu Parishad and the Bajrang Dal insisted that such functions be called homecoming, not conversion, ceremonies. “I strongly object to this term conversion. Why don’t you call it homecoming?” asked Prakash Sharma, former national convenor of Bajrang Dal.
“Go back in history, at least four-five generations; you will see your ancestors were all Hindu. Then, is it homecoming or not?” he said.
(With inputs from Haidar Naqvi in Kanpur)

http://usat.ly/1D3K59Q7 key facts about the Senate's CIA torture report
The Senate Intelligence Committee has released a searing condemnation of the CIA's treatment of terrorism suspects.
Post to Facebook
7 key facts about the Senate's CIA torture report The Senate Intelligence Committee has released a searing condemnation of the CIA's treatment of terrorism suspects. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D3K59Q
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
154
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
7 key facts about the Senate's CIA torture report
Paul Singer , USA TODAY 6:47 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
Video Keywords FBI Senate Intelligence Committee determine future enhanced interrogation technique criminal prosecution false information Libya USA today
Hadley Malcolm speaks with Washington Enterprise Editor Ray Locker about the implications of the Senate Intelligence Committee’s report on CIA torture after 9/11. (USA NOW, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  And report detailing the CIA's torture of suspected terrorists after
00:07  9/11 is out today. And says that the CIA lied about
00:11  how far the torture wet. I'm happy now come and this
00:14  is USA now for December 9 2014. That report from the
00:19  Senate Intelligence Committee says that the torture was more brutal than
00:23  the CIA and needed previously. It also says the CIA gave
00:27  false information to government officials in order to get approval for
00:30  the interrogation program. The conclusion. The so called enhanced interrogation technique
00:37  didn't reveal any worthwhile intelligent. This is just from a 500
00:42  page summary of a 6200. Page report it's still classified. Not
00:47  everyone is happy more agrees that the report's findings. I'm joined
00:51  by rain locker Washington enterprise editor in our DC bureau rate
00:56  what are the opponents of the reports say. Loyally for so
00:59  all they say we're would release revealed US intelligence sources and
01:05  methods. Those are the techniques used by CIA operatives and other
01:09  people in the intelligence community gather information. And the disclosure that
01:14  can somehow tipped off our adversaries as they can do things
01:17  to counteract that. Second they're worried that details in the report
01:21  could spur protests and attacks on US facilities overseas. So are
01:26  these kinds of disputes with these kinds of reports rare. They're
01:30  rare and they don't happen every every week or every year
01:33  but every few years or some kind of intelligence activities that
01:37  attack attracting attention of congressional overseers and they delve into it.
01:42  And usually the agency does not want to reveal what it's
01:45  done often because it doesn't want people to know how it
01:48  operates. Also because it's afraid of embarrassment or other kinds of
01:52  perhaps even criminal activity. Now in this case the FBI says
01:56  it's not gonna really do any kind of criminal prosecution of
01:59  anybody involved in this so that's not a concern this time.
02:03  So what do these riots that some people are worried about
02:07  how likely is it that that won't happen. You look into
02:11  2012 with the attack on the Ben Ghazi compound in Libya.
02:14  That was triggered in if you leave some cases or some
02:18  claims by a video that people were unhappy about. I'm so
02:23  it can't happen. We will have to see whether these concerns
02:27  are exaggerated here. So rain now that the report is out
02:31  what if anything happens next. Well as I mentioned earlier there
02:35  probably be no criminal prosecution the FBI aces tonight could do
02:39  that. I am imagine this information will be pored over by
02:43  people inside the agency and outside. And it'll be used to
02:47  help determine future practices going forward. Thanks ray you can find
02:51  more analysis and coverage of the torture report USA today dot
This March 1, 2003, photo obtained by the Associated Press shows Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the alleged Sept. 11 mastermind, shortly after his capture during a raid in Pakistan.
(Photo: AP)
1600 CONNECT 192 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 154 COMMENTEMAILMORE
1. The results. The Senate Intelligence Committee is releasing the results of a 5½-year review of CIA interrogations of terrorist suspects in the wake of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. The 525-page report concludes that the interrogations were more brutal than the CIA had previously admitted — "in some cases amounting to torture," according to committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif. The report is an executive summary of a larger, 6,700-page report that remains classified.

States asked to deploy  tourist police  for visitors  safetyDec 09, 2014 at 09:53pm IST
States asked to deploy 'tourist police' for visitors' safety
23
0
New Delhi: In the wake of the recent rape of a woman by a taxi driver in Delhi, the tourism ministry on Tuesday advised state governments and union territories to ensure safety and security of tourists by deploying `tourist police` at prominent spots.
In a written reply in the Lok Sabha, Tourism and Culture Minister Mahesh Sharma said they have asked states to deploy tourist police at prominent spots.
"The governments and union territories of Andhra Pradesh, Goa, Karnataka, Kerala, Maharashtra, Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan, Jammu and Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Punjab, Madhya Pradesh and Odisha have deployed tourist police in one form or the other," he said.
Tourism and Culture Minister Mahesh Sharma said they have asked states to deploy tourist police at prominent spots.
#delhi #taxi driver #lok sabha #tourist police
The ministry along with all stakeholders, including the tourism departments of all states and union territories, has adopted a "code of conduct for safe and honourable tourism", a set of guidelines to encourage safe travel, he said.
"This set of guidelines is to encourage tourism activities to be undertaken with respect for basic right like dignity, safety and freedom from exploitation of both tourists and local residents, in particular women and children," he said.
7

Committed to total ban on child labour in India  says labour ministerDec 09, 2014 at 09:41pm IST
Committed to total ban on child labour in India, says labour minister
27
0
New Delhi: A total ban on child labour in India may soon become a reality with Union Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya on Tuesday asserting that he was committed to passing a legislation to this effect.
Speaking at a national consultation on child domestic work and trafficking, Dattatreya said his ministry was "committed to pass the amended child labour (law) in parliament", which envisages a complete ban on child labour till the age of 14.
The Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Amendment Bill, 2012, already passed by the Lok Sabha, awaiting the Rajya Sabha's nod.
According to the International Labour Organization (ILO), approximately 12.6 million children fall prey to child labour in India.
#child labour #india #labour ministry #international labour organization
Dattatreya said he would like to emulate Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Save Girl Child, Educate Girl Child' programme and introduce something similar to address child labour in the country.
The consultation, organised by child rights agency Save the Children, examined issues and concerns of children in domestic work and child trafficking while suggesting policy changes with respect to the child labour amendment bill.
Invoking the gravity of the situation, the minister said child labour is a "very serious challenge" with about 8.2 million children facing the scourge.
The victims of child labour become disinterested in attending school as they become dependent on illegal employment, thus posing a serious roadblock in the way of measures to correct the problem, he added.
According to the International Labour Organization (ILO), approximately 12.6 million children fall prey to child labour in India, while NGOs put it to the tune of 100 million.
Shireen Vakil Miller, director, advocacy and policy, Save the Children, said, "Fundamentally, a significant shift in societal attitudes (especially those of parents and employers) is needed if progress is to be made in protecting children from exploitation."
19

Mobile phone a basic need for most unmarried Indians: Survey21
0
New Delhi: If one goes by a survey, most single Indians can't do without their mobile phones.
The survey, by online matrimony platform www.shaadi.com, was conducted on a total of 6,500 respondents in the age group of 23 to 35 years, to understand how crucial a mobile phone is for unmarried men and women.
An astonishing 84.6 per cent people, when asked if they can live without their mobile phones, said "no, life is impossible for them without their mobile phones". On the other hand, 7.3 per cent replied "they can live without their mobile phones" and 8.1 per cent said "may be".
The survey, by online matrimony platform www.shaadi.com, was conducted on a total of 6,500 respondents in the age group of 23 to 35 years. ( Man using a smartphone , via Shutterstock)
#mobile phone #mobile applications #survey #indians
Asked why they prefer using smartphone apps, 64.5 per cent said "mobile phone apps make life easier". As many as 23.1 per cent said "it saves time", and 12.4 per cent replied "it's personal".
"The survey interestingly highlights the importance of the mobile app in everyday life," Gourav Rakshit, chief operating officer, Shaadi.com, said in a statement.
132

Sen. Dianne Feinstein Delivers Remarks on CIA Torture ReportHELP
[{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","description":"VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Storms on US West Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","description":"Up close and personal to a few of China's Giant Pandas, live from Bifengxia, the largest panda reserve and research center in the world.","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.org - Giant Panda Watch Cam","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Minor boy sodomised in GhaziabadMinor boy sodomised in Ghaziabad
Rally in logistics stocks seems here to stayRally in logistics stocks seems here to stay
Aditi Divekar | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 10:44 PM IST
The uptrend in stock prices of logistics companies since the past month seems here to stay. A gradual pick-up in India’s export-import (exim) trade, along with a bullish economic growth outlook for the country, are cited as the key factors to drive this rally.
The International Monetary Fund and World Bank have estimated an identical 5.6 per cent growth rate for India this year and 6.4 per cent in 2015, on the back of renewed confidence in the market due to a series of economic reforms by the new government. Investment banking firm Goldman Sachs also feels India is at the beginning of a new growth cycle, driven by reduced macro imbalances, benign global conditions (lower commodity prices) and structural reforms.
“If economic growth is seen higher in the coming year, naturally the Exim trade is seen picking up further. This hints at an increased volume visibility for logistics companies, something that is going to lend support to the stocks,” said Ronald Siyoni, an analyst with Sharekhan.
India's April-October (first seven months of this financial year) exports have grown six per cent from the corresponding period last year. Imports have risen nearly four per cent, shows data on the ministry of commerce and industry website.
Among logistics companies, the stock price of Blue Dart Express has moved up 18 per cent in the past month, while Gati has gained 23 per cent. Shares of Gateway Distriparks have risen six per cent, with its recently listed subsidiary, Snowman Logistics, gaining by a similar percentage. AllCargo shares have moved up eight per cent.
Ahead
Noting the growth opportunity for the country, analysts said the domestic logistics sector is set to mature. At present, the sector is unorganised and underutilised.
“This time, the demand (for logistical services) is real and is seen sustaining. Due to this, small players might not be able to handle the volume, while large players will need additional leg to take advantage of the opportunity. This could lead to consolidation or partnership deals in the sector in the coming months,” said S Krishnakumar, head of equity with Sundaram Mutual Fund.
Mahindra Logistics, an unlisted company and one of India's leading third-party logistics companies, with annual revenue close to Rs 2,000 crore, recently partnered with much smaller Indian Vehicle Carriers to form a new entity. This would allow the former to have a pan-India presence, linking clusters of production and consumption of automobiles. The new entity would design car carriers to serve automobile and two-wheeler original equipment makers, said Mahindra.
"The main reason behind this partnership was that Mahindra Logistics would get direct access to assets. It will help us enhance our services," said Sushil Rathi, senior vice-president. Funding is another key element to help the sector expand. Fund managers say buoyant stock prices could augur well for the listed entities, as these would be in a better position to approach the market to raise money or even seek bank debt to scale up their businesses to meet the expected demand.
"Given the positive outlook for the economy and expected increase in industrial activity, there certainly might be a pick-up in loan exposure to this sector," said R K Bansal, executive director at IDBI Bank. "Currently, banks do not have much exposure here, as it is an underutilised sector. Though the amount of business growth will vary among companes, depending upon reach and services for the market, technological advancement is something the sector is poised for, said sectoral officials.
“ There is also a strong possibility of more foreign investment in the sector, more for the technological side. That might entail joint ventures or even technological collaboration agreements,” said Krishnakumar of Sundaram MF.
Logistics cannot be discussed without mentioning e-commerce, one of the catalysts for growth here. Sector officials feel e-commerce will continue to witness growth, given the internet penetration and spending power in urban areas, along with customer willingness to experience shopping online, pushing existing logistics companies to explore this new arena of business.
“We are getting into a dedicated arm for e-tailing sometime early FY16. Discussion for this is on at the board level. We are new in this segment and so are going to invest in all resources like technology, people and back-end, and will be raising funds in a combination of debt and equity,” said Areef Patel, vice-chairman of 50-year old Patel Integrated Logistics. One of the oldest entities in this sector, it had Rs 550 crore of revenue last year. The cold chain business is another area where not many have a presence. With its importance for reduction in agricultural waste, this is seen as a high-growth area in the coming months, said sectoral.
Newly listed Snowman, the country's largest cold storage warehousing chain, plans to raise capacity to 90,000 pallets from about 61,000 at present.
Other factors
Some near-term glitches are expected to be company-specific. Indian Railways have announced an increase of 25-41 per cent in haulage charges on container trains. This took effect from Friday. The Rail business of Gateway Distriparks will be affected by this. Rail haulage charges are 75-80 percent of the company's overall cost, said analysts. Probability of the much-awaited goods and services tax Bill being introduced in the ongoing session of Parliament have helped push these up. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is meeting state finance ministers on Thursday to garner support for a Constitution amendment Bill in this regard.
Meanwhile, the high valuations for logistics companies have also been a recent concern. The price-earnings ratio for Gati has more than doubled to 65.42 in the trailing twelve-month (TTM) measure as against the 10-year average price to earnings ratio. Similarly, the P/E ratio of Concor has moved up by 50 per cent to 29.83 in TTM when compared with the 10-year average P/E ratio.
"Given the volume visibility in this sector, valuations may be high but it is surely not a concern. Investors can continue to invest in select stocks like Concor and Gateway Distriparks. We recommend buying in these two stocks,” said Siyoni, the analyst with Sharekhan.

http://usat.ly/1GfdES3FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up
As of 2:21 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average is off 0.5%, the S&P 500 is down 0.3% and the Nasdaq composite is 0.3% higher.
Post to Facebook
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up As of 2:21 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average is off 0.5%, the S&P 500 is down 0.3% and the Nasdaq composite is 0.3% higher. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D35UGs
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
10
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks cut losses, close mixed: Dow down, Nasdaq up
Kim Hjelmgaard and John Waggoner , USA TODAY 4:12 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
On the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
100 CONNECT 161 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN 10 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks cut earlier sharp losses and closed mixed Tuesday as global economic concerns weighed on the markets.
U.S. stocks initially followed global markets lower as Chinese markets plummeted and Greece saw one of its worst trading days in decades. European stocks? They got smacked, too.
But tech stocks rallied later in the day as the Nasdaq turned positive and the S&P 500 closed flat.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell for a second straight day, closing 51.28 points lower, or  0.3%, to 17,801.20. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 0.49 to 2059.82.The Nasdaq composite index gained 25.77 points, or 0.5%, to 4766.47.
Oil prices rebounded slightly after Monday's 4% drop. The January contract for crude oil rose 70 cents, or 0.7%, to $63.74 a barrel.
Overseas, Asian markets plunged as Hong Kong's Hang Seng index tumbled 2.3% to 23,485.83 and mainland China's Shanghai composite index plunged 5.4% to 2856.27.  Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index dropped 0.7% to 17,813.38.
The plunge in Chinese stocks comes as the Chinese government set new restrictions on collateral for short-term collateralized loans, called repurchase agreements. By limiting the types of bonds that can be used as collateral, the government made those loans more difficult to get, and more expensive.
The Chinese government also extolled the virtue of slower economic growth, a signal that it expects the economy to grow less quickly in the future.
"Debt to GDP in China has seen a massive increase as the Chinese central government has internalized on its books the problems that occurred in the private sector," Rupal Bhansali, chief investment officer of international equities at Ariel Investments, said at USA TODAY's 19th annual Investment Roundtable on Friday.
Exchange-traded funds that invest in China tumbled in premarket trading.  For example, iShares FTSE China 25 Index Fund (ticker: FXI) fell 3.14%. Traditional open-ended funds won't price until the U.S. market closes at 4:00 p.m.
In Europe, Britain's FTSE  index fell 2.1% to 6529.47 and Germany's DAX dropped 2.2% to 9793.71. France's CAC 40 tumbled 2.6% to 4263.94.

Chinese reforms tightens use of bondschinese reforms tightens use of bonds
TPP Negotiators Hit With Protests  Media Doesn t CoverCREDO petition from February: TELL THE MEDIA: IT'S TIME TO EXPOSE THE TPP
Hit With Protests
In spite of the lack of American media coverage of this tremendously important agreement representatives of labor, environmental, family farm, consumer, Internet freedom, public health, faith, human rights and community organizations held a rally Monday outside the office of the U.S. Trade Representative.  These organizations represent "stakeholders" from all countries that are denied a seat at the TPP negotiating table.
At the rally George Kohl, senior director of Communications Workers of America, said:
"We believe in trade. We are fighting against old trade policy that literally guarantees corporate profits at the expense of working families in all nations. In the weeks ahead, we will mobilize like never before against Fast Track authorizing legislation and the TPP, and for 21st century trade that gives workers' rights, environmental issues and other concerns the same standing as corporate profits."
Pics from the rally (credits Roger Hickey, Arthur Stamoulis):
Wednesday at 11 a.m. the AFL-CIO is holding a TPP briefing on "What Negotiators Should Be Discussing Behind Closed Doors," at their D.C. headquarters at 815 16th St, NW.
"While the Obama administration meets behind closed doors this week with representatives of the countries involved in negotiating the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), the AFL-CIO will host a briefing outlining what the negotiators should be discussing.  The briefing will highlight what must be included in the negotiations for it to truly work for working people and how the TPP will only gain labor's support if it will create American jobs and promote high labor and environmental standards. The briefing follows a week of increased Congressional scrutiny on the negotiations and the involved countries' history of labor abuses."
Secret Negotiations
The negotiations are secret and the kids of people at that D.C. rally are not represented at the bargaining table. But corporate representatives have access to drafts of the treaty, and the negotiators typically come from and expect to go to lucrative corporate positions after the treaty is finalized -- assuming they "play ball."
While we do not know exactly what is being negotiated, we do know from leaks -- and previous "NAFTA-style" trade agreements -- tell us what to expect. Much of TPP is about "investor protections" and not trade at all. These provisions allow corporations to sue governments for doing things that infringe on profits -- like laws and regulations protecting the environment, worker safety, consumers and the health of citizens. For example, under similar agreements already in effect tobacco companies are suing governments to block anti-smoking efforts that protect the health of citizens!
Members of Congress are very concerned about the transparency of the TPP negotiating process. On a call Monday Representatives Rosa DeLauro (D-CT), Louise Slaughter (D-NY), Tim Ryan (D-OH), Keith Ellison (D-MN) and ( rock star ) Dan Kildee (D-MI) expressed their concerns about the secrecy of TPP as well as the failure to address currency manipulation in the agreement.
Senator Elizabeth Warren put her finger on the secrecy problem, saying:
"Why are the trade talks secret? You'll love this answer. Boy, the things you learn on Capitol Hill. I actually have had supporters of the deal say to me, 'They have to be secret, because if the American people knew what was actually in them, they would be opposed.'"
Currency Manipulation
Currency manipulation is a major trade problem. For example, we could restore up to 5.8 million American jobs, cut our trade deficit by $500 billion a year and increase our GDP by $720 billion just by addressing currency manipulation. ( Click through for details .)
Congress is very concerned about this. Last year 60 senators, a bipartisan majority, sent a letter to President Obama asking him to tell tell TPP negotiators to address currency manipulation. Also last year a majority (230) of members of the US House sent a bipartisan letter to the president saying they want him to tell TPP negotiators to address currency manipulation.
Sixty senators and 230 members of Congress want the negotiators to address currency manipulation -- but TPP still does not address currency manipulation. What else do you need to know about the negotiating process, and respect for democracy and national sovereignty?
--

New system soon for disclosure of shares pledged with NBFCsNew system soon for disclosure of shares pledged with NBFCs
Today s picks- 9 December 2014Today's picks- 9 December 2014
Devangshu Datta |  Dec 09, 2014 10:30 PM IST
NIFTY
Current: 8,341 (fut: 8,394)
Target: NA
Stop-loss shorts at 8,465. Stop-long positions at 8,320. A long 8,300p (41) and short 8,200p (19) costs 22. It could double if the index futures falls to 8,300.
BANK NIFTY
Current: 18,291 (futures: 18,420)
Target: 18,150 (futures: 18,250)
Keep a stop at 18,500 and short. Add to the position between 18,275 and 18,300. Book profits at 18,250
TATA POWER
Current: Rs 85
Target: Rs 81
Keep a stop at 87 and go short. Add to the position between 82 and 83. Book profits at 81
JINDAL STEEL
Current: Rs 145
Target: Rs 140
Keep a stop at 147 and go short. Add to the position between 141 and 142. Book profits at 140.
CAIRN
Current: Rs 254
Target: Rs 249
Keep a stop at 256 and go short. Add to the position between 251 and 252. Book profits at 249.
Target prices, projected movements in terms of next session, unless otherwise stated

Chess moves to transform world politicsChess moves to transform world politics
Gideon Rachman
International affairs look badly in need of some brilliant new thinking
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/38378ebe-7bd2-11e4-a695-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Give up dogma of the unshrinkable stateGive up the dogma of the unshrinkable state
Janan Ganesh
This government has cut £35bn since 2010 without Britain regressing into a desolate pre-modernity
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24ba38e6-7c95-11e4-9a86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Songbird: bird in the hand© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/ef8ca5c6-7ef3-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BHP Billiton: a miner by any other name© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/dcd34762-7ec8-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Merck/Cubist: pony up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3eb19d94-7ef6-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Global growth concerns undermine stocksGlobal growth concerns undermine stocks
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a44213b4-7e8d-11e4-87d9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saint-Gobain / Sika: because they can© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/a0d667de-7ee2-11e4-b83e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Become a Great Company to Work for!reddit
As an entrepreneur, wouldn't you love to have your employees say "This is the greatest company to work for!"?  Imagine what kind of reputation you would grow in your community and how that good word would spread to your customers, suppliers, and potential employees.  Can you imagine how good this would be for your business?  Can you imagine how satisfying this would feel to you as an employer?  Even more, can you see how much larger the positive impact you could make with your business?
What creates that kind of company?  Is there a special formula or some rules of organization to follow?  Who are some of these companies?
Surveying Fortune's annual list of the U.S. "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2014, I noticed one company who appears on this list year after year (in fact, 17 years in a row).  Researching a bit more, I learned that this same company appears on the "World's Best Multinational Workplaces" list by the Great Place to Work Institute (three years running).
W.L. Gore and Associates
The company is W.L. Gore and Associates, one of the 200 largest privately held companies in the U.S., with annual sales of over 3 billion and over 10,000 employees (which they like to call "associates"). You probably know them best for their invention of GORE-TEX fabrics.  If you are an outdoor enthusiast, or if you just love to stay warm and dry, you may have worn active-wear made from these fabrics, because they are lightweight, while being weather resistant and "breathable."
More broadly speaking, since their founding in 1958, Gore has grown to be a leader in innovative technologies in four main areas: electronics, fabrics, industrial, and medical products.  They develop and manufacture high-performance copper and optical signal transmission products, fabrics that provided wearers comfort and protection from the elements, healing solutions to complex medical problems, and products that provide contamination control in a variety of industrial applications.
Unique Corporate Structure
So, what makes Gore so profitable, innovative, and beloved by their employees?  Moreover, why is it a conscious business? According to their website , they have a consciously-defined corporate structure and mode of operation.  Specifically, Gore follows a unique, nonhierarchical culture that fosters the innovative spirit of individuals and small teams.
They begin by hiring "associates" instead of "employees" who are then guided by "sponsors" rather than "bosses."  This is to encourage an environment of direct interpersonal communication, personal responsibility, and hands-on innovation in which all associates are equally valued and empowered to contribute their unique insights and skills.
As associates learn the organization, they are given the opportunity to emerge into leaders around specific projects by demonstrating knowledge, insight, and expertise toward a specific business objective.  To this point, Gore's website says:
Teams organize around opportunities and leaders emerge.  This unique kind of corporate structure has proven to be a significant contributor to associate satisfaction and retention... With the guidance of their sponsors (not bosses) and a growing understanding of opportunities and team objectives, associates commit to projects that match their skills.  All of this takes place in an environment that combines freedom with cooperation and autonomy with synergy.
With this team-based, flat-lattice organization in place, Gore finds that individual potential is maximized and strong, multi-disciplined, innovative teams naturally come into being.  These creative teams are the life-blood of the company's ability to stay on the cutting edge and continue to deliver products that meet the needs of their customers worldwide.
Four Guiding Principles
So, how did this corporate philosophy come into being?  It began with four guiding principles articulated by company co-founder Bill Gore:
1. Fairness to each other and everyone with whom we come in contact.
2. Freedom to encourage, help, and allow other associates to grow in knowledge, skill, and scope of responsibility.
3. The ability to make one's own commitments and keep them.
4. Consultation with other associates before undertaking actions that could impact the reputation of the company.
As you survey this company blueprint, what comes to mind about the organization of your business? Have you consciously defined your corporate structure?  If so, is this structure one that maximizes the potential of your employees by providing the type of teamwork and innovation that is important in your industry?  What changes can you envision that would move you forward toward your business objectives?
Do you have a consciously defined mode of operation or rules governing how your leaders and associates work together and treat one another?  What changes could you make that would create an even better workplace environment for your employees?  How might these changes positively affect not only your bottom line and employee experience, but also your positioning within your community?
I would love to hear how your company is consciously defining the way you do business in our discussion below.
Follow J V Crum III on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jvcrum
Connect on LinkedIN: www.linkedin.com/in/jvcrum/
J V Crum III is the founder of ConsciousMillionaire.com ; as a business coach, speaker, and podcaster, he is sought after for his unique ability to help conscious entrepreneurs get their voice out there, make a positive impact, and ramp up profits. Listen to the #1 Ranked Conscious Millionaire Podcast , M-F -Business Coaching for Conscious Entrepreneurs. J V holds an MBA, JD and a MS in Psychology; his best-selling book, "Conscious Millionaire: Grow Your Business by Making a Difference" is available now: http://www.amazon.com/Conscious-Millionaire-Business-Making-Difference/dp/0976719223/ref=tmm_pap_title_0
Follow J V Crum III on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jvcrum
More:

Arguing with anti-vaxers might not be a good ideaBy Lenny Bernstein December 8 Follow @LennyMBernstein
A flu virus binds to cells in the respiratory tract. (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention)
It's never easy to convert someone who clings tightly to myths about some issue (see: climate change), but now comes research from Dartmouth College that in some cases the argument itself may be counter-productive .
Researchers there found that when they presented people with material explaining that the flu vaccine does not give you the flu, those with "high levels of concern about side effects were less likely to report that they would be immunized after seeing this information." That's true even though the explanations were generally effective at reducing belief in that myth and beliefs that the vaccine is unsafe.
The findings, published Monday in the journal Vaccine, build on previous research (some of it by the same author, Brendan Nyhan ) that shows that providing accurate information about the MMR vaccine's perceived role in causing autism also reduced belief in that myth. But it still decreased the intention to vaccinate children among parents who viewed vaccinations least favorably.
"These results suggest that correcting vaccine myths may not be an effective approach to promoting vaccination," the authors concluded.
How to explain this seeming paradox? "Our explanation is that when you're challenged, you often try to defend the underlying belief or attitude that's come into question," said Nyhan, an assistant professor of government at Dartmouth. That's especially true when the issue is something a person cares deeply about. Anyone who has followed the vaccinate-or-don't-vaccinate debate knows that it qualifies.
"If misperceptions are the expression of a more generalized antipathy toward vaccines," the study notes, "then addressing these myths piecemeal is unlikely to be effective. A more comprehensive strategy is likely to be required."
But what would that strategy entail? One idea, Nyhan said, might be to have the information come from trusted community leaders, instead of from on high, i.e. from an already mistrusted government agency. Another might be to dispense with factual arguments and emphasize how vaccinating helps protect people an opponent cares about--his family, his friends, his neighbors.
Currently, there is little evidence-based research on vaccine messaging, Nyhan said. In the end, public health advocates may have to accept that while the vast majority of people in this country still vaccinate, some never will, Nyhan said.
"We have to be realistic," he said. "It doesn't mean we should give up hope."
Lenny Bernstein writes the To Your Health blog. He started as an editor on the Post’s National Desk in 2000 and has worked in Metro and Sports.

Follow Swiss to reserve policy successFollow the Swiss for reserve management success
John Plender
Carefully controlled diversification of central bank assets makes sense
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32ee69ee-7f03-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Greek stock market slides by most since 2010Any questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Franco-sceptic Carmignac warms to Paris© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c20dc0ae-7ef7-11e4-bd75-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US telecoms price war hits profitsUS telecoms price war takes a toll on profits
David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4cd13650-7f5a-11e4-a828-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Greek shares tumble 11% on snap electionLast updated: December 9, 2014 7:21 pm
Snap election in Greece reignites fears for eurozone
Elaine Moore and Robin Wigglesworth in London, Kerin Hope in Athens and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4db45c9c-7f95-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NASAs New Horizon spacecraft is awake and almost ready to change our view of Pluto foreverBy Rachel Feltman December 9 Follow @rachelfeltman
Artist’s concept of the New Horizons spacecraft as it approaches Pluto and its largest moon, Charon, in July 2015. (JHUAPL/SwRI)
2015 is going to be an exciting year in space exploration. On Dec. 6, NASA's New Horizons spacecraft woke up from hibernation more than 2.9 billion miles away from Earth. That puts it just over 162 million miles from Pluto, the focus of its mission -- the very last planet in our solar system to be visited by a spacecraft.
New Horizons left Earth nearly 9 years ago, and the craft has spent almost two-thirds of that time in one of 18 hibernation periods designed to keep its systems operational. But even though wake-ups have become routine , this one was special: It's the last time the spacecraft needs to wake up before it gets to Pluto.
And what will it find there? We just don't know, and that's the most exciting part. The mission's principal investigator Alan Stern of the Southwest Research Institute has said that New Horizons will radicalize our knowledge of Pluto in the way that Mariner 4's flyby in 1965 changed our view of Mars.
NASA's New Horizons spacecraft came out of hibernation for the final time on Dec. 6 and is now a mere 162 million miles from Pluto. It is expected to fly by the dwarf planet in July 2015. (NASA)
For reference: Many people assumed that Mars was lush and full of water and life before that flyby, and were surprised to see the cold, red planet we now know well.
Pluto may have lost its full-fledged planetary status in recent years, but it has just as many secrets to reveal to NASA as the rest of the solar system's bodies.
The real excitement will start on Jan. 15, when New Horizons gets close enough to Pluto to start taking measurements. By mid-May, the spacecraft should send home the best images we've ever had of the dwarf planet. To date, the best we have comes from the Hubble -- and even that powerful telescope shows Pluto as a blurred splotch.
All we know of Pluto. (NASA, ESA, and M. Buie)
(And why can't the Hubble, which takes beautiful images of far-away galaxies, catch something in our own solar system ? Pluto may be much closer than those space objects, but it's also so, so, so much smaller. )
By July, the spacecraft will make its closest approach, coming within just a few thousand miles of the dwarf planet and its moons .
New Horizons will look at the surface and atmospheric compositions of Pluto in the hopes of learning something about dwarf planets in general -- which we now know are more common in the solar system than rocky worlds like our own and gas giants like Jupiter combined.
“New Horizons is on a journey to a new class of planets we’ve never seen, in a place we’ve never been before,” project scientist Hal Weaver  said in a statement . “For decades we thought Pluto was this odd little body on the planetary outskirts; now we know it’s really a gateway to an entire region of new worlds in the Kuiper Belt, and New Horizons is going to provide the first close-up look at them.”
Scientists are also excited to study Pluto's largest moon, Charon. The two form a binary planet. Instead of orbiting Pluto, which is about twice its size, Charon circles around a fixed point in tandem with it -- like two ice dancers holding hands and spinning together . This will be our first chance to study a such a system, even though they're not uncommon in the galaxy.
You can read more about NASA's reasons for going to Pluto at the missions website . And we'll keep you updated as New Horizons blinks off its sleep sand and starts doing science.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Honda widens airbag safety probe globallyHonda extends Takata airbag safety probe worldwide
Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d8c076ce-7f8e-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Glazer son to sell $50m Man United stakeDecember 9, 2014 1:39 pm
Edward Glazer to sell $50m Manchester United stake
Roger Blitz — Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ba66406-7f9f-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thailand orders Uber to cease operationsThailand orders Uber to cease operations
Press Trust of India | Bangkok Dec 09, 2014 08:26 PM IST
Thailand today ordered US online taxi booking company Uber to cease operations immediately for improperly using cars and unregistered drivers, a day after the firm was barred in New Delhi over the alleged rape incident in a taxi plying for it.
"They have to stop operations immediately," Director- General of Department of Land Transport Thiraphong Rodprasert told reporters after meeting officials from Uber and rival firm GrabTaxi and EasyTaxi to discuss regulating Internet taxi services.
Uber -- which operates the premium Uber Black limousine-like service and the discounted Uber X service which competes directly with taxis in Bangkok and Phuket -- bills itself as an on-demand transportation provider.
Rides are booked through smartphone applications or the Internet and paid only via credit card.
The firm was improperly using cars with green-lettered license plates -- similar to airport limousines -- and personal vehicles with black-lettered plates, Thiraphong was quoted by the Bangkok Post as saying on Friday.
The drivers were using the cars in a manner contrary to that stated in their registration. He said the drivers were illegally operating by not charging approved rates.
Thiraphong further said drivers did not hold required public-transport drivers licences and were not registered in a database of public-vehicle drivers.
Thailand's Transport department today reaffirmed its earlier decision holding Uber taxi as operating illegally in the country but said it preferred not to call it a ban.
Thiraphong said that private black plate vehicles are not allowed to ply as taxis because the drivers are not registered for public transport.
The transport department had on Friday launched a crackdown on Uber drivers, saying those stopped by police could be fined 2,000 baht (4000 rupees) for using the wrong vehicle, 1,000 baht for not charging approved fares and 1,000 baht for not having a public-vehicle driver's license.
The department further objected to the credit card-only method of payment in Thailand, citing concerns about transaction security.
In Southeast Asia, Indonesia has raised questions over Uber's tax payments and Malaysia's Road Transport Department has warned the users that they would not be covered by insurance if they were involved in a crash.
Singapore, meanwhile, has announced the implementation of new rules for third-party taxi booking apps, including Uber and GrabTaxi.
All operations by private cab service Uber were banned in New Delhi yesterday and it was blacklisted from providing any transport service in the wake of the alleged rape incident in a taxi plying for it.
The action came after a taxi driver employed by Uber was arrested from Mathura for allegedly raping a 27-year-old woman executive in his cab.

More Ebola cases in Sierra Leone than LiberiaSierra Leone overtakes Liberia in number of Ebola cases
Javier Blas, Africa Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/038441a8-7f92-11e4-86ee-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

South Africa faces electricity crisisWorsening electricity crisis adds to South Africa’s economic woes
Andrew England — Johannesburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69aa4a9e-7f89-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber rape claim shows risks to Indian womenUber rape allegation exposes the dangers faced by India women
Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/62c41a54-7f96-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Citi hit by extra $3.5bn in legal costsCitigroup hit by extra $3.5bn in charges
Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c2370d92-7fb5-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What the original Star Wars movies got rightBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 9 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher appear in a scene from the 1977 film “Star Wars.” (Associated Press)
Over at the New York Times, Ross Douthat has written a detailed and interesting response to the conversation I started last week about how a new “Star Wars” trilogy might handle politics. I wanted to flag it both so that you will read it and to address a couple of places where I think Douthat believes we disagree more than we actually do.
His diagnosis that the prequel films were a disaster because “Lucas seemed to think he had to deal in the political science of institutional decay, instead of showing us the personal relationships and rivalries that a decaying political process brings back to the fore” strikes me as about perfect. There is a gap in those movies between the institutions edging back and forth across the fulcrums of power and the people who the movies identified as the main characters. The members of the Trade Federation are essentially indistinguishable from one another. The Republican Senate seems more like an endless tube lined with bobbing theater boxes than an actual, vibrant legislative body full of distinct personalities. It’s fitting that the supreme commander of the blandly named Confederacy of Independent Systems is an expressionless robot.
And so I enthusiastically second Douthat’s argument for what the next trilogy might look like: a series of stories about the characters’ relationships to institutions and to the idea of themselves as institutions:
Give me First Citizen Leia Solo’s difficult relationship with her resentful, ambitious daughter (matriarchy, this time, instead of the politics of “I am your father”); give me an ex-lover’s conflict between Leia and Han; give a battle for the Sith succession between whomever and whomever; give me new tensions that are connected, in one way or another, to the dynastic struggles of the last trilogy. Tell me who has power, in other words, and how they intend to keep it, and who wants to take it (back). The rest of politics, the advanced aspects, belong in another story, another galaxy, and a different genre altogether.
We see some of this in George Lucas’s original trilogy: how Obi-Wan Kenobi and Yoda have weathered the pressures of going into hiding and refusing to use their considerable power to keep their order alive and off the Empire’s radar; how Han Solo gradually comes to accept and even crave a return to respectability and a position of authority within the Rebel Alliance’s command structure; the ways in which Luke’s Jedi abilities and training both earn him a place in organizations like Rogue Squadron and separate him from from even his most gifted peers. A New Republic, and a new generation, will offer plenty of creative opportunities.
The place of potentially greater disagreement is where Douthat thinks we differ about the basic question of politics. I suggested that it might be phrased as “how to have a better life,” which I recognize might be taken as a call to principled self-improvement. Douthat counters by suggesting that “It seems to me that the most basic question is a little bit more, well, basic, a little less high-minded, than ‘how to have a better life.’ It’s something more like Lenin’s famous ‘who? Whom?’ – ‘who rules, and who doesn’t?’ That is, politics is about power before it’s about human betterment, it’s about in-groups and out-groups long before it’s about the pursuit of the common good, and therefore it’s about families and clans and personalities long before it’s about institutions.”
I would respectfully submit that “who rules, and who doesn’t?” is inextricably tied up with the question of how to have a better life, or at least with the observation of who has a better life than the one you currently possess. In as much as “who rules” comes first, that’s a question that needs to be activated by a character’s (or a person’s) realization that people in power have a material impact on the conditions of our lives.
When Lucas introduces us to Luke Skywalker, the primary authority figure in his life is his uncle Owen, who keeps putting off Luke’s dream of enrolling in the Imperial Academy. Luke only begins thinking about the people who are ruling the galaxy on a more sophisticated scale after Storm Troopers kill his family and the organization he initially saw as a source of adventure suddenly becomes more sinister.
Similarly, Michael Corleone (since Douthat mentions “The Godfather”) is aware of where power lies in American public life at the beginning of the trilogy — we know, since he believes he’ll be able to acquire it for himself. It’s his deeply personal realization, through his discovery of police complicity in a plan to assassinate his father, that the game is rigged that propels him forward, both to murder and to a way to buy his share of power rather than winning it through a political campaign. In “Game of Thrones,” Arya Stark knows that Prince Joffrey is a dreadful, entitled little boy almost from the moment she meets him. But it is his order to withhold mercy and have her father executed that sets her on the road out of King’s Landing and ultimately toward Braavos, where she will receive the training she needs to exact revenge.
All of this is a long way of saying how terrific “Star Wars” has been at its best. Like the Jedi Order, hope for the franchise’s future pushes through even the deepest and most earned skepticism. I can only hope that this time next year, Douthat and I will be sharing our delight instead of the disappointment we’ve both braced ourselves for.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

We are working to remove investment bottlenecks: Naveen PatnaikWe are working to remove investment bottlenecks: Naveen Patnaik
Business Standard |  Dec 09, 2014 09:49 PM IST
Odisha has got an abundance of natural resources. Why has this abundance of natural resources not yet resulted in the kind of growth that Odisha has the potential of generating, and what in your view is that is coming in the way?
Yes, we are very rich in natural resources and we have received large investments in the past decade. With large investments, you often have problems like environment and rehabilitation issues. We are trying to sort those out, so that industries can come up in Odisha.
You mentioned investment bottlenecks, for example, about Posco and Vedanta. Is there any specific action plan that you have to overcome these bottlenecks?
The problems with those two companies will be sorted out. The prime minister has even spoken with the South Korean president to resolve the Posco issue expeditiously.
It is feared that some recent issues like the chit-fund scam and the problems that the mining sector has witnessed may vitiate the state's investment climate. How serious do you think are these issues?
Ever since we took office 15 years ago, we have tried to run a transparent government and taken strict action to quell such crimes. As far as the fiscal situation is concerned, when have come a long way from the ghastly situation in the year 2000. Today, we are a revenue-surplus state and financially much more stable.
You are one of the few Indian chief ministers in the country who had an uninterrupted run of three straight terms. You have achieved a lot in the past 14 years. Where do you see the state 20 years from now?
We have made rapid progress in sectors like irrigation, agriculture, and of course, infrastructure. Our anti-poverty programmes and pro-poor schemes for women and the tribal people have been successful. I do hope that Odisha is on course to become a very prosperous state in the future.
What kind of equation does the state share with the new Narendra Modi-led central government, and what possibilities does it hold for Odisha?
I hope the new central government will take constructive steps and meet Odisha's demands .
What about Odisha's demand for a special- category status?
That is our demand and we are working towards that.
Edited excerpts from responses of the chief minister to questions at the Business Standard Odisha Round Table-2014 on November 15

PPPs to play key role in public service delivery  says Naveen PatnaikPPPs to play key role in public service delivery, says Naveen Patnaik
Nirmalya Behera |  Dec 09, 2014 09:47 PM IST
Aiming to make Odisha's multi-faceted schemes and programmes in different socio-economic sectors sustainable, the state government is betting big on the development of infrastructure through the private-public partnership (PPP) route.
"A key objective of my government now is to progressively address the huge task of achieving sustainable and inclusive economic growth and accelerating human development in the state. This places greater emphasis on upgradation and improvement of the infrastructure base in the state and efficient delivery of public services. We realise that infrastructure development alone would make our multi-faceted schemes and programmes in different socio-economic sectors sustainable, leading to greater growth multipliers," said Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik at the Business Standard Odisha Round Table-2014.
He stressed that PPPs will play a pivotal role in the achievement of this vision. The state has targeted attracting investment of at least Rs 5,000 crore in the infrastructure sector through PPPs during the 12th Plan period. "We are well on track to achieve this target," said Patnaik.
Several initiatives have been undertaken in municipal corporations for solid waste management and street lighting through PPPs. Dedicated budgetary provisions have been made for viability-gap funding, which would catalyse the geographic spread of PPPs in Odisha, Patnaik said.
Understanding the need for road, rail and air connectivity, the state has lined up big investments in these critical infrastructure areas as well.
The Odisha State Highways Development Project has been launched for widening all state highways over a three-year period. The projects are being implemented through external assistance as well as PPPs.
The state government has been investing in special-purpose vehicles for faster execution of railway projects of economic importance. For better air connectivity, Biju Patnaik Airport has been upgraded to an international airport, while another airport at Jharsuguda is being developed with partial state funding.
Urban development has also found place in the state government's agenda of priority. The state is taking up projects to improve the urban transport system, sewerage, drainage, drinking water supply, sanitation and housing on a large scale.
To ensure uninterrupted power supply for the people of Odisha, the state government is investing heavily in the power infrastructure. It is implementing schemes like CAPEX in the power sector, and the installation of 550 33/11 KV sub-stations to improve the quality as well as quantity of power supply in the state. Besides, massive investments have been attracted from the private sector for setting up thermal power stations, he added.
Odisha, which has drawn considerable investment in the metals and mining sectors over the past decade, is now keen to attract investors to set up industries that can run without dependence on its rich mineral resources.
"We are endeavouring to diversify Odisha's investment base by focusing on sectors not dependent on natural resources, such as agribusiness, tourism and information technology. Extremely forward-looking policies are under formulation for the fishery and poultry sectors," Patnaik said.
He expressed the hope that once these policies were in place, they would attract large commercial investments in these sectors.
The series of reform measures in the industry, infrastructure, financial and social sectors over the past decade has resulted in rapid growth for the state during both the 10th and 11th five-year plan periods.
The remarkable fiscal turnaround achieved by the state over the past decade is an example for the whole country. The state could generate a sizeable fiscal space for increasing the plan and capital investment in essential sectors to bridge the developmental gaps, Patnaik observed.
The state believes that growth in agriculture can result in faster reduction in poverty. In order to provide focused attention to this sector, the state government introduced a separate Agriculture Budget from the year 2013-14, Patnaik added. n
Besides, the state has formulated the food processing policy, 2013 to attract investments in food parks and food processing units, he said.

Hong Kong police: Protest camp shutdown on ThursdayHong Kong police: Protest camp shutdown on Thursday
Congress accuses PM Narendra Modi of violating Model Code of Conduct  asks EC to take actionBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 9, 2014 10:28 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:29 pm
Congress on Tuesday complained to Election Commission against Prime Minister Narendra Modi accusing him of dragging the Army into political controversy in violation of Model Code of Conduct during his campaign in the Kashmir Valley.
“Bringing Army into political controversy or in election campaign is highly objectionable and in violation of Model Code of Conduct…. Immediate stern action may be taken against Modi and BJP for the violation,” K C Mittal, Secretary to the AICC’s Legal Department told the Commission, referring to the incident in Budgam about which Modi has spoken.
Accusing the Prime Minister of “not even sparing” Army from being dragged into political arena, he said, “We are proud of our defence forces and also their capability and competence to do justice to people, even if any of their officer is at fault. The forces have maintained high standards and discipline while dealing with civilians.”
Congress alleged that the Prime Minister has used the Budgam incident as an “electoral tool for political purposes to mischievously take all credit which is against all norms of administrative prudence, ethics and decency”.

Suspected bomb kills 9 on Philippine passenger busBy: Press Trust of India | Davao (philippines) |
Posted: December 9, 2014 10:12 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:16 pm
Nine people were killed when a bomb exploded aboard a bus in the southern Philippines on December 9, a military spokesman said.
The bus operated by the Rural Transit company was travelling through the town of Maramag in the strife-torn island of Mindanao when the bomb went off, said spokesman Major Christian Uy.
The blast also injured 17 people.
The explosion was the latest in a series of attacks on the bus company.
Last month a bomb exploded aboard a Rural Transit bus in Mindanao, leaving four people wounded.
Ten people were killed when a bomb exploded aboard a bus operated by the same company on Mindanao in 2010.
Muslim extremists were blamed for carrying out that bombing as part of an extortion scheme.
Armed groups have proliferated in the southern Philippines since Muslim guerrillas began fighting in the 1970s to set up an Islamic state in that part of the largely Christian Philippines.

Government should work for the poor: Prime Minister Narendra ModiDhanbad |
Posted: December 9, 2014 10:07 pm
A government should work for the poor as the rich could afford to pay for their needs, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said.
“For whom should the government be? It should be for the poor and policies should be such that it should give happiness to the mazdoor (labour force) and infuse energy in the people,” Modi told an election meeting here.
The rich could drive cars to reach their destinations or get their wards admitted to better schools but the poor who depend on public transport, schools and hospitals should be taken care of by the government.
“The government at the Centre is committed to addressing their (poor people’s) needs,” he said.
Without naming the previous Congress governments at the Centre, Modi said they had nationalized banks four decades ago saying that the money in them would help the poor but it never happened.
Referring to the Jan Dhan Yojana launched by his government, the Prime Minister appreciated the poor for contributing Rs 7000 crore in opening bank accounts under it.
He expressed concern over the migration of workers from Jharkhand to big cities to eke out a living. Modi said his endeavour was to set up small factories in every village and town so that the youth could get jobs locally and stay with their families.

No guidelines  prone to abuse: SC criticises Sec 66A of IT ActWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:59 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 11:11 am
The Supreme Court on Tuesday observed that Section 66A of the Information Technology Act, which empowers police to make arrests over social media posts, apparently lacked guidelines on when such power can be exercised and that somebody’s “annoyance” was enough in certain cases for invoking the law.
“Section 66A does not give any specific guidance on when to invoke it, unlike the provisions in the Indian Penal Code (IPC). The IPC uses specific words and gives specific illustrations for the offences but that does not appear to be the case with Section 66A. It appears that nobody has to even say anything hateful or meaning ill will… annoyance of someone could be used to invoke it,” said a bench of Justices J Chelameswar and S A Bobde.
The court’s observations came even as the central government admitted that Section 66A was prone to abuse and that there were indeed incidents in the past where people were wrongly arrested by invoking this provision. Section 66A defines the punishment for sending “offensive” messages through a computer or any other communication device like a mobile phone or a tablet. A conviction can fetch a maximum of three years in jail and a fine.
Additional Solicitor General Tushar Mehta submitted that the abuse of power in certain cases was “evident” and that the Centre did not seek to justify the incidents where whimsical arrests were made. He said in most of the incidents, cited by a batch of petitions that have challenged the constitutional validity of Section 66A, the power was abused and actions had been taken against the erring police officers.
The list of incidents included arrest of two girls in Maharashtra by Thane Police in 2012 over a Facebook post, arrest of Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra for forwarding caricature on Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee on Facebook, arrest of Aseem Trivedi for drawing cartoons lampooning Parliament and the Constitution to depict their ineffectiveness.
“If there is abuse and the abuse is so egregious, even in some cases, there is definitely an issue to be heard and decided regarding the validity of such a provision,” retorted the court.
As the final arguments on the petitions began, the bench sought to know if the provisions in the IPC were not adequate to deal with the offences arising out of electronic messages and hence Section 66A was drafted in the IT Act.
Senior advocate Soli Sorabjee, Prashant Bhushan and Sanjay Parikh, appearing for the petitioners, replied that not only were the IPC provisions enough, they were better drafted and explained the circumstances when the alleged offences could be attracted. This, they contended, was not the case in Section 66A which was vague and left it to the subjective discretion of the police to decide when to arrest.
At this, the bench replied that in most of the cases cited by the petitioners, there was no statement which could have threatened the integrity of the country, as alleged by continued…

Uri encounter: Army felicitates Jagruk Hindustani for alerting troopsBy: Express News Service | Jammu |
Posted: December 9, 2014 9:45 pm
Eleven days after Army eliminated four heavily armed terrorists at Kathar village in Arnia sector, the Army on Tuesday facilitated a local villager who had informed its nearby post about their presence in the area.
Concealing his identity for security reasons, a defence ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manish Mehta said that this “Jagruk Hindustani” (awakened Indian) was felicitated with Army Commander’s commendation card by General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Western Command Lt General K J Singh at a function organised by Army at village Pindi.
Three armymen and five civilians were killed by four terrorists before being eliminated by troops during an over 24-hour-long encounter on November 27-28. The terrorists were well entrenched inside an abandoned army bunker.
The villager’s display of courage, initiative and sense of duty by providing information to the nearby troops about terrorists in army uniform impressed the Army, the spokesman said, adding that the operation was successful due to wholehearted and daring cooperation from villagers of Pindi, Kathar, Ala, Nandpur and Khour. The Army Commander during his address thanked the villagers for standing shoulder to shoulder with the Indian Army and said that a Sadbhavana Project benefiting these five villages would be implemented soon.

Assam groups say no to resumption of Lower Subansiri hydel projectWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 9, 2014 9:32 pm
Two days ahead of the Centre holding a tripartite discussion in the national capital on resolving issues in order to resume construction of NHPC’s 1000-MW Lower Subansiri hydro-electric project on the Assam-Aunachal border, a “citizens’ meeting” on Tuesday asked the government to first address the issues raised by an expert committee on safety of the dam and its downstream impact.
The “citizens’ meeting” organized by Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) said issues related to vulnerability of the dam to seismic activities and, also, likely adverse impact in the downstream areas will have to be discussed and cleared by the government before resuming work on the project. The project has been lying in limbo since December 2011 even after completion of 60 per cent construction work due to several groups including the KMSS and All Assam Students’ Union (AASU) launching separate agitations against it.
“The government of India and NHPC have been trying to hoodwink the people by constituting a dam design review panel which has ignored the issues raised by two different expert committees, one constituted by the Assam government and the other by the Centre itself. Comprising of NHPC and Central Water Commission officers, the review panel did not touch the basic issues pointed out by the two expert committees,” KMSS president Akhil Gogoi alleged here on Tuesday.
The union power ministry has invited representatives of 27 different organizations including KMSS, AAS, AJYCP and Takam Mising Porin Kebang (TMPK) to a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday to find a solution to end the stalemate that has already led to heavy loss to the public exchequer since December 2011. The proposed meeting will be chaired by union power minister Piyush Goyal.
Akhil said the “citizens’ meeting” organized by KMSS has also demanded revision of the national hydro-power policy so that Assam could get free 12 per cent power from all the 168 big and small hydel project in Arunachal Pradesh. “Assam should also impose a tax on every megawatt of power evacuated from the Arunachal projects through the state,” he said.
NHPC’s Lower Subansiri hydel project located at Gerukamukh on the Assam-Arunachal border is incurring a daily loss of Rs 10 crore after anti-dam activists of Assam brought work on it to a grinding halt in December 2011. The 2000-MW project on the Subansiri river is the largest in the country.

Time to tap out of the UStime to tap out of the us
Small business sentiment is back to normal  and thats worth celebratingBy J.D. Harrison December 9 Follow @jd_harrison
Go ahead, small business owners. Raise a glass. (MIGUEL MEDINA/AFP/Getty Images)
Don’t be surprised if you see a small business owner popping a couple extra bottles of bubbly come New Years Eve. It’s been quite some time since employers were feeling this upbeat heading into a new year.
After plunging during the recession and inching its way back the last few years, optimism among the nation’s small business owners has finally rebounded to levels in line with the historical average, according to the latest readings by the National Federation of Independent Business. The index climbed from 96.1 in October to 98.1 in November, well exceeding economists’ forecasts of 96.5.
It’s the highest level of recorded optimism since the start of 2007.
Bill Dunkelberg, NFIB’s top economist, noted in the report that “expectations for business conditions six months out rose a huge 16 percentage points, while expectations for real sales volumes rose 5 percentage points.”
While “it’s a little early to declare a breakout,” Dunkelberg added, “it’s a good sign that comes at a good time for small business.”
Days earlier, Gallup and Wells Fargo released their own monthly employer optimism polling, with strikingly similar results. It too shows that optimism among small employers hasn’t been higher since the start of the recession in 2008. Most of the optimism, the groups noted, stems from owners’ increasingly positive expectations for the coming months.
In particular, employers are upbeat about their finances – a complete turnaround from the last couple years. Seven in 10 small business owners said they expect their overall financial health to be very or somewhat good next year, and more are planning to invest back into their companies.
“Small businesses are healthier and are on much more solid footing as they look toward 2015,” Lisa Stevens, head of regional banking sales and marketing at Wells Fargo, said in a statement accompanying the report.
The strong optimism readings come only a week after reports of continued job growth on Main Street. Data collected by payroll company ADP showed that small businesses added 101,000 workers in November, marking the first back-to-back months of six-figure job growth since early 2012.
Small business owners aren’t expecting things to slow down during the last month of the year, either. Separate polls by Capital One and American Express last month showed that employers are much more upbeat about the holiday season than they have been in recent years. Meanwhile, many say their sales numbers are rising, and they expect the momentum to carry over into 2015.
J.D. Harrison covers startups, small business and entrepreneurship, with a focus on public policy, and he runs the On Small Business blog.

Uber unsure about drivers  police verificationUber unsure about drivers  police verification
British cos waiting for Insurance Bill passage: London MayorBritish cos waiting for Insurance Bill passage: London Mayor
How the Upbeat Jobs Report May Not Translate to Your WalletIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

See Sears  Glory Days Before It Closed Hundreds of StoresIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

Man Seriously Mauled By Lions At ZooMan Seriously Mauled By Lions At Barcelona Zoo
Posted:
reddit
MADRID (AP) — Officials in Spain say a man has been rescued from the lions' enclosure at Barcelona Zoo after being seriously mauled by three lions.
Barcelona's fire department was called Sunday to the northeastern city's zoo where witnesses had seen a man wearing a military-style uniform jumped into the den, according to a statement from the city government.
Emergency services used fire hoses to distance the lions from the man, who had been attacked and dragged into a tunnel within their enclosure.
Around half an hour after he had entered the enclosure, rescue services removed the man, described as a 45-year-old Spanish national, and took him to a hospital where he is in serious, but not life-threatening, condition, the statement says.
More:

5 Celebrities Who Are Earning Less Than Grumpy CatIt has been a long time coming, but D'Angelo's new album is finally here. The R&B star released "Black Messiah," a...
3

No  Grumpy Cat didnt make $100 millionBy Caitlin Dewey December 8 Follow @caitlindewey
(Steve Jennings/Getty Images for Civic Entertainment Group)
Grumpy Cat has graced coffee bottles, starred in a terrible Christmas movie and inspired her very own bestselling book. So when a British tabloid declared — with no attribution, math or anything else resembling actual evidence (!) — that the ugly lil cat had amassed a $100 million fortune, the Internet pretty much bought it wholesale. I mean, this is Grumpy Cat. What can’t she do?
As you will see from the chart below, however, the idea of Grumpy making $100 million, even with her astounding range of branded merchandise, is patently absurd. There is no way some cat makes more money than Oprah. (Caveat: The earnings data in the chart comes from Forbes  and is an estimate for June 2013 to July 2014. We do not know if Grumpy Cat amassed her alleged earnings during that same time period, but just as a demonstration of absurdity, the approximation should suffice.) Grumpy Cat’s owner confirmed as much to the Huffington Post on Monday afternoon, when she called the British report “completely inaccurate.”
So, what kind of money is Grumpy Cat making? Alas, both her owner and manager have consistently declined to say. When we considered the question last June , however, we pegged her YouTube earnings at roughly $5,100 to $42,400 annually, plus whatever all that merch is making.
It’s not exactly Oprah money, sure – but there wasn’t a cat in hell’s chance of that, anyway.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Think Before You Discountreddit
Until recently, "social media fatigue" has been the most dangerous "condition" that we social media marketers have had to combat.  Now, however, with the recent trend toward frequent deep discounts and coupon offers, we are risking an even more serious condition of "offer fatigue."
Social media fatigue is of course of concern to social media marketers, but I think it will continue to be seen most often as simply an unfortunate side effect to the incredible advances that social media has brought to human connections and access to information.  Offer fatigue, on the other hand, has serious consequences for our brands.
Using coupons in a digital world the same as they were used in traditional distribution is very dangerous to brand equity.   Constantly discounting a product through frequent couponing or huge deal discounts on products  - and especially services -- destroys brand equity and lowers perceived value.
Consider a service such as Groupon, which offers coupons for substantial discounts of its clients' products and services.  Great news for customers, but not so great news for Groupon's clients.  As many understand,  Groupon is not an ecommerce business - its value is in lead generation... but I'm not sure these "leads" are as valuable as Groupon clients may think.
While there is of course great value in catching an initial sale from an otherwise inactive shopper, the challenge shows up when we try to build an ongoing relationship with this "hot" lead.  They will continue to expect these deep discounts, because they will see those discounted prices as the actual value of the product or service. It is extremely difficult to turn a workable percentage of those 'lost leader" buyers into profitable customers and have a metric that covers the upfront investment.   In many cases, it is easier to gain a repeat buyer through moderate discounts and infrequent coupon offers.
One way to think of it is that many brands are beginning to suffer from the delivery pizza effect.  A $15 pizza is now worth $10 in the eyes of most consumers because of constant discounts, 2 for 1 coupons, etc.   Offer a discount often enough and that lower price becomes the expected price... and, in the consumer's mind, the actual value.
Brand equity is seriously at stake here.  We marketers need to band together to preserve the ability to be recognized and compensated for the true value of our products and services.  Don't get in the game of over-couponing, under-bidding and de-valuing.  Please, discount responsibly.
Follow Ted Rubin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TedRubin
More:

Korean Air CEO s daughter resigns after row over nutsKorean Air CEO's daughter resigns after row over serving nuts
AFP
print
Cho Hyun-ah, Korean Air's vice president responsible for cabin service and the oldest child of Korean Air chairman Cho Yang-ho, answers reporters' question during a news conference in Incheon. (AP Photo)
The daughter of Korean Air's CEO resigned Tuesday after being widely criticised for having the chief purser kicked off a plane because of the way she had been served some nuts.
Cho Hyun-Ah, a top executive in Korean Air's in-flight service, forced the New York-Seoul flight to return to its gate last Friday to remove the most senior member of the crew, causing the plane to be delayed.
Her behaviour attracted heavy criticism in South Korea, where she was accused of being petty and arrogant, and even prompted a state probe over a possible breach of aviation safety laws.
"I feel so sorry for our customers and South Koreans for causing such trouble... and seek forgiveness from the people who might have been hurt by me," Cho, 40, said in a statement released by Korean Air.
"I will resign from all my posts at Korean Air to take responsibility for the incident," she was quoted as saying.
Korean Air CEO Cho Yang-Ho immediately accepted her resignation, according to the statement.
Korean Air's spokespersonn told AFP that Cho would retain the title of vice president even though she no longer had any official role in the company, adding it was not clear whether she would hold any responsibilities in the future.
The Seoul flight had just left its gate at New York's JFK airport on Friday when the incident occurred.
Cho, sitting in first class, took exception to the arrival of some macadamia nuts she had not asked for, and to the fact that they were served in a packet rather than a bowl.
She summoned the chief purser who, according to an earlier Korean Air statement, replied with "lies and excuses" when challenged over his crew's knowledge of in-flight service procedures.
Cho then decided the chief purser was "incapable" and the plane returned to the gate where he disembarked, causing an 11-minute delay in arrival.
Korean Air -- South Korea's flag carrier -- earlier apologised for causing "inconvenience" for passengers but defended Cho's action as a "reasonable" move to improve in-flight service.
It also argued that the final decision to deplane the employee was taken by the captain.
Transport minister Suh Seoung-Hwan said earlier Tuesday the incident was being investigated and any regulatory breach would be "handled sternly".
The media backlash against Cho has been extensive.
"This ugly behaviour by the Korean Air boss's daughter puts the entire nation to shame," Seoul's top business daily, the Maeil Business Newspaper, said in an editorial.
"This is a global embarrassment for South Korea... Korean Air should punish Cho, and she should apologise to the public for disregarding passengers' safety," it said.

Insurance Bill in last leg; likely get parliament nodInsurance Bill in last leg; likely get parliament nod
Number of office parties drops  survey findsNumber of office parties drops, survey finds
John J. Kim, Chicago Tribune
John J. Kim, Chicago Tribune
Hoping for an office party? Less likely this year.
Survey also finds that instead of raises, some employers offer team-building exercises.
For many, the party's over.
Eighty-eight percent of companies are set to have an office party this year, compared with 96 percent in 2013 and 91 percent in 2012, according to an annual survey by executive search team Battalia Winston.
The dip in parties comes as businesses say they are "performing very well," according to the survey. In fact, more than 60 percent of respondents said their businesses were on track to grow and hire in 2015.
0
One reason for the decline might be the growing number of employees who work remotely. Fourteen percent of businesses said a remote workforce made holiday parties impossible, up from 5 percent last year.
Those employees attending a party will be surrounded by only their colleagues, but not to worry, drinks likely will be served. More than two-thirds of companies throwing a party said the guest list would be limited to employees and nearly three-fourths of companies will serve alcohol.
Hoping for a raise? Not this year. Only 14 percent of companies said they would pay raises. Instead, they will offer other incentives, such as flexible schedules or team-building exercises.
Ken Wisnefski, CEO of WebiMax, an Internet marketing firm, said not having a holiday party can hurt morale and productivity. Failing to consider morale, he said, could lead to higher employee turnover rates and more conflicts between employees.

J&K elections: Despite spurt in terror attacks  3rd phase records 58 pc voter turnoutAbid Soffi , IBNLive.com | Dec 09, 2014 at  08:57pm IST
Srinagar: Notwithstanding the spurt in terror attacks and election boycott call given by separatists, third phase of the five-phased Legislative Assembly elections in 16 constituencies of Jammu and Kashmir recorded a remarkable voter turnout. Several seats, including Uri constituency - where eight Army personnel, three policemen and six foreign terrorists were killed in an encounter on December 5 - recorded a remarkable voter turnout.
Besides taking into preventive custody about 400 known trouble makers and former militants and supporters of boycott call by separatists, unprecedented security arrangements ensured that voting was peaceful with more that 58 per cent of the eligible electorate coming out to press the EVM buttons in 16 Assembly constituencies, spread over three districts after a dull start due to morning chill.
Even though the voting percentage of the third phase was less than the previous two, but if compared to 2008 Assembly elections, the voter turnout was remarkably high, especially in hardliner Hurriyat Conference Sayed Ali Shah Geelani's hometown Sopore.
The voter turnout was remarkably high especially in hardliner Hurriyat Conference Sayed Ali Shah Geelani's hometown Sopore.
Sopore constituency, which in 2008 Assembly election recorded just 19.95 per cent polling, witnessed a voter turnout of 30 per cent. Meanwhile, Tral constituency, which in the last election recorded 48.69 per cent voting, witnessed a decline of over 11 per cent in the voter turnout following two grenade attacks in the last 4 days, which left two civilians and a security personal dead.
The 16 constituencies spread over three districts Budgam, Pulwama and Baramulla in Kashmir are considered a stronghold of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), which in 2008 elections managed to win nine seats while National Conference (NC) bagged four constituencies. Congress, Peoples Democratic Front and an Independent won one seat each.
Addressing a press conference, Chief Electoral Officer Umang Narula said around 58 per cent electorate cast their vote in Tuesday's polling for the third phase of Assembly elections across 16 constituencies spread in three districts of the state.
He said over 73 per cent voter turnout was recorded in five constituencies of central Kashmir district of Budgam.
Budgam district holds the high profile Beerwah seat from where Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister and NC Working President Omar Abdullah is trying his luck after he decided not to contest Assembly elections from his family political bastion Ganderbal fearing rout from the constituency. Beerwah, which in the last Assembly elections recorded 57.17 per cent polls, witnessed a voter turnout of 70.14 per cent.
Even though Beerwah is a stronghold of PDP since the creation of Mufti-led party in 2002, Omar hopes that his government's decision to not extend the lease of Tosamaidan firing range to Army would help him in securing the seat. The NC working president is also contesting from Sonawar constituency in Srinagar district.
In 2002, Assembly constituency was won by PDP's Mohammd Sarfaraz Khan while in 2008 the seat was again retained by the party after Shafi Ahmad Wani won. Wani is seeking re-election for the second time from the constituency.
Another important seat for the ruling NC is Chrar-e-Sharief, which recorded a voter turnout of 82.14 per cent, against 74.87 per cent in 2008 Assembly elections. Finance Minister Abdul Rahim Rather, who is seeking re-election from this constituency for the fourth time, could be in for a surprise as during the Lok Sabha elections NC trailed from the seat for the first time in nearly 40 years to the PDP.
The Khansahib constituency, which recorded 74.58 per cent of polling in the last election, witnessed a voter turnout of 73 per cent. The constituency is likely to see a duo between Peoples Democratic Front Hakim Mohammad Yasin, who is seeking re-election for the third time, and separatist-turned-PDP candidate Saiduddin Bhat.
Meanwhile, Budgam constituency witnessed a voter turnout of 70 per cent. NC candidate Aga Roohullah is seeking re-election from this constituency.
Chief Electoral Officer Narula said seven constituencies of Baramulla district in total recorded a voter turnout of 57 per cent.
Uri constituency, where eight Army personnel, three policemen and six foreign terrorists were killed in an encounter on December 5 which ensued after a 'fidayeen' attacked an Army camp, witnessed a voter turnout of 79 per cent. Congress leader and Health Minister Taj Mohiuddin, who is seeking re-election for the third time, is likely to face a tough competition from his PDP counterpart.
Gulmarg, which in 2008 recorded a voter turnout of 59.80 per cent, witnessed a voter turnout of 72 per cent. Even though Democratic Party Nationalist and Agriculture Minister Ghulam Hassan Mir is seeking re-election for the third time from the constituency, NC candidate and Omar Abdullah's uncle Mustafa Kamal is likely to give him a tough fight in Gulmarg. Kamal has represented the seat in 19787 and 1996, but lost to Mir in 2002.
He said Rafiabad recorded 63 per cent voter turnout while 56.15 per cent electoral exercised their franchise in Sangrama. In Baramulla constituency, 45 per cent voters exercised their franchise while Pattan recorded 60 per cent voter turnout.
He said four constituencies of Pulwama district recorded a total voter of 42.45 per cent. Pampore recorded 46.48 per cent, Pulwama 38.31 per cent while Rajpora recorded 47.06 per cent voter turnout.
The Chief Electoral Officer said 16 Assembly constituencies that went to polls on Tuesday were spread over three districts for which as many as 1781 polling stations were set up, which included 129 critical, 577 hypersensitive and the rest as sensitive ones.
The CEO added that 144 candidates were in the fray for these 16 constituencies which comprised 13, 69,102 electors including 7, 17,839 male and 6, 51,245 female voters besides 18 third gender voters.
Narula informed that web casting was done in 111 Polling Stations while at 118 polling stations digital and at 133 polling stations video cameras were installed for free, fair and smooth conduct of polls.
He said that 16 General Observers, 4 Expenditure Observers, 3 Police Observers, One Awareness Observer besides 268 micro observers and about 11200 poll officials were deployed for the smooth conduct of polls.
Elaborate arrangements were made to facilitate voters to exercise their franchise in a free and fair atmosphere adding that the polling percentage may increase after consolidation of figures, he added.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

The New York attorney general wants jurisdiction to investigate police killingsBy Paul Cassell December 9
Last Thursday, I suggested that state attorneys general were better positioned to investigate allegations of police killings than are local district attorneys.  Local DA’s, I argued, are perceived as being too friendly towards — and too reliant upon — local police officers to conduct an investigation into police-caused deaths that is perceived to be objective.  And I noted that in some jurisdictions such a change could be accomplished without much ado — such as New York, where caselaw already authorizes the governor to substitute the attorney general for DAs in criminal investigations.
Protesters march in Manhattan as thousands of demonstrators take to the streets of New York demanding justice for the death of Eric Garner December 4, 2014.  REUTERS/Eric Thayer.
Perhaps New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman (D) is a Volokh Conspiracy reader, because on Monday he asked New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) for authority to investigate deaths at the hands of police.   In a letter to the governor , Schneiderman cited the same caselaw I had cited for the proposition that broad authority exists for the governor to place the attorney general in charge of criminal investigations.  Schneiderman said that  cases like the death of Eric Garner had left New York’s minority community “with the belief that our criminal justice system has both unjustly targeted and inexplicably failed them.”  He cited a public “crisis of confidence” that prosecutors cannot set aside “the close working relationship between the county District Attorney and the police officers he or she works with and depends on every day.”   Schneiderman asked Cuomo to immediately take  executive action allowing the AG’s office to take all police killings of unarmed civilians out of local prosecutors’ hands until the state assembly can pass legislation permanently addressing the issue.
Schneiderman’s ideas is a good one.  It would provide greater public confidence that deaths caused by police are fairly investigated.  The issue is not whether local DAs are personally “committed to ensuring equal justice under the law,” as Brooklyn DA Kenneth Thompson said in opposing the idea .  The issue is a structural one, and local DAs have a built-in perception of bias because of their close working relationships with local police departments.  Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association President Pat Lynch also criticized the idea, arguing that “[t]here is absolutely no reason to alter the existing system because, if the rule of law and rule of evidence as they stand in the State of New York are followed dispassionately and honestly, then the outcome will be right and just regardless of what office handles a case.”  Lynch is correct that if the rules are followed dispassionately and honestly, then just outcomes will result.  And my own view is that very, very few outcomes will be different if the AG investigates rather than the local DA. But if a more distant authority — the attorney general — investigates these cases, the public will simply be more likely to accept the decision.
I hope that Scheiderman’s proposal gets serious consideration by Governor Cuomo (although it would be better done, as Schneiderman himself recognized, through permanent legislative action).  Whatever else may be said about the public protests in New York, they demonstrate serious doubt about the fairness of existing procedures.  And as part of any reform, Cuomo and Schneiderman should address what is obviously the biggest problem with New York’s current system: the total lack of transparency into what evidence investigators found.  We still know very little about the Eric Garner case — other than that the grand jury found the evidence is insufficient.
The governor should instruct the AG to investigate police-caused deaths.  If charges are filed, the ensuing public proceedings will reveal what happened.   And if no charges are filed, the AG should issue a full report into the circumstances.  Police officers regularly make split-second decisions about the need to use deadly force.  The public needs assurance that police are making those judgments correctly.  For those who think that police generally act properly, thorough and independent investigation into police-caused deaths  is something to be welcomed, not feared.
Paul G. Cassell teaches criminal law, criminal procedure, and crime victims' rights at the S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah. He also served as a U.S. District Court Judge for the District of Utah from 2002 to 2007.

RSS claims it re-converted 100 people inAgraBy: Press Trust of India | Agra |
Posted: December 9, 2014 9:48 pm | Updated: December 11, 2014 1:00 pm
At least 100 persons from 37 families were reportedly re-converted to Hinduism at a ceremony organised by an offshoot of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) in the cantonment area here.
The Dharma Jagran cell of the RSS and Bajrang Dal claimed to have organised the joint mass conversion ceremony where about 100 people, mostly slum dwellers, were yesterday re-converted and “brought back to the Hindu fold” after a ritual that included tying of sacred threads on their wrists and putting vermilion mark on their foreheads.
“They were interested in coming back home (to the Hindu fold),” Rajeshwar Singh, area chief of the Dharma Jagran Samanvay Vibhag claimed.
He said the people who underwent conversion were from West Bengal and were living in slums ever since they had arrived here some 25 years ago.
The organisers of the event said the room in which the re-conversion ceremony took place was transformed into a makeshift temple and idols of Hindu gods and goddesses were placed there.
The converts would be given instructions to perform rituals according to Hindu religion for a month, the organisers said, adding that they will also be given new names soon.
Most of the coverts, who are primarily engaged in trash collection, shied away from speaking on the matter. They said that their contractor, Ismail, who had brought them from West Bengal, alone knew the reason for conversion.
While local Muslim leaders denounced the event as “drama”, Abdul Quddoos Rumi, prominent Muslim religious leader from the city, said he could give a reply on the matter only after a query in Urdu was placed before him in a prescribed format.

Uri encounter: Army felicitates Jagruk Hindustani for alertingtroopsBy: Express News Service | Jammu |
Posted: December 9, 2014 9:45 pm
Eleven days after Army eliminated four heavily armed terrorists at Kathar village in Arnia sector, the Army on Tuesday facilitated a local villager who had informed its nearby post about their presence in the area.
Concealing his identity for security reasons, a defence ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manish Mehta said that this “Jagruk Hindustani” (awakened Indian) was felicitated with Army Commander’s commendation card by General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Western Command Lt General K J Singh at a function organised by Army at village Pindi.
Three armymen and five civilians were killed by four terrorists before being eliminated by troops during an over 24-hour-long encounter on November 27-28. The terrorists were well entrenched inside an abandoned army bunker.
The villager’s display of courage, initiative and sense of duty by providing information to the nearby troops about terrorists in army uniform impressed the Army, the spokesman said, adding that the operation was successful due to wholehearted and daring cooperation from villagers of Pindi, Kathar, Ala, Nandpur and Khour. The Army Commander during his address thanked the villagers for standing shoulder to shoulder with the Indian Army and said that a Sadbhavana Project benefiting these five villages would be implemented soon.

Assam groups say no to resumption of Lower Subansiri hydelprojectWritten by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati |
Posted: December 9, 2014 9:32 pm
Two days ahead of the Centre holding a tripartite discussion in the national capital on resolving issues in order to resume construction of NHPC’s 1000-MW Lower Subansiri hydro-electric project on the Assam-Aunachal border, a “citizens’ meeting” on Tuesday asked the government to first address the issues raised by an expert committee on safety of the dam and its downstream impact.
The “citizens’ meeting” organized by Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) said issues related to vulnerability of the dam to seismic activities and, also, likely adverse impact in the downstream areas will have to be discussed and cleared by the government before resuming work on the project. The project has been lying in limbo since December 2011 even after completion of 60 per cent construction work due to several groups including the KMSS and All Assam Students’ Union (AASU) launching separate agitations against it.
“The government of India and NHPC have been trying to hoodwink the people by constituting a dam design review panel which has ignored the issues raised by two different expert committees, one constituted by the Assam government and the other by the Centre itself. Comprising of NHPC and Central Water Commission officers, the review panel did not touch the basic issues pointed out by the two expert committees,” KMSS president Akhil Gogoi alleged here on Tuesday.
The union power ministry has invited representatives of 27 different organizations including KMSS, AAS, AJYCP and Takam Mising Porin Kebang (TMPK) to a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday to find a solution to end the stalemate that has already led to heavy loss to the public exchequer since December 2011. The proposed meeting will be chaired by union power minister Piyush Goyal.
Akhil said the “citizens’ meeting” organized by KMSS has also demanded revision of the national hydro-power policy so that Assam could get free 12 per cent power from all the 168 big and small hydel project in Arunachal Pradesh. “Assam should also impose a tax on every megawatt of power evacuated from the Arunachal projects through the state,” he said.
NHPC’s Lower Subansiri hydel project located at Gerukamukh on the Assam-Arunachal border is incurring a daily loss of Rs 10 crore after anti-dam activists of Assam brought work on it to a grinding halt in December 2011. The 2000-MW project on the Subansiri river is the largest in the country.

Branding missteps dog UberBranding missteps dog Uber
Arindam Majumder | Kolkata Dec 09, 2014 09:40 PM IST
Aaron Lazare, a pioneer in the field of psychiatry, who served as the dean of Massachusetts Medical School, in his book 'On Apology' states four steps to render an effective apology. For an effective apology, there should be acknowledgement, remorse, explanation and reparation. While the author's observations were on personal relationships, the same holds true for brands.
Uber, the $40 billion (Rs 2.47 lakh-crore) on-demand cab service, which is in the midst of a raging controversy, has not done enough to deliver on its claims of providing 'safe' and reliable rides, especially since the company's website claims: "Wherever you are around the world, Uber is committed to connecting you to the safest ride on the road. That means setting the strictest safety standards possible, then working hard to improve them every day." That claim is in tatters following the rape of a Delhi executive by a Uber cab driver Friday night.
Following the incident, the taxi-hiring app firm has been banned and blacklisted in Delhi and there is a government advisory to do the same in other states. Reports suggest that the police were unable to find any contact of the company's office and had to take a Uber cab to reach the company's training centre in Gurgaon, giving credence to the perception that Uber has grown too much too soon.
"Uber as a brand has grown too fast in a very short time and has not been able to put a proper redressal mechanism in place. In today's world, a brand has to be more human, otherwise you risk losing an emerging market like India which could contribute substantially to revenues," says Saurabh Parmar, founder and CEO of Delhi-based brand consultancy, Brandlogist.
Unlike other taxi firms, Uber does not have any customer care number, it contacts customers via e mail and gives statements through blogposts.
The Delhi incident can render a serious blow to the brand's image, which has taken a beating globally. Experts feel that in today's competitive environment where brand-building is a significant part of a business model, such failures can prove fatal.
UBER’S SPEED-BREAKERS IN 2014
July: Ryan Simonetti, CEO of Convene, a conference centre network, alleged that he was kidnapped by a Uber driver in Washington
Sep: Faced a ban in Berlin and Hamburg after being served a notice that its app-based platform was in violation of passenger transportation law. The ban was later overturned
Oct: Came under severe criticism after Uber Lyon (in France) posted a promo offering escorts as drivers. The post was deleted later
Nov: The city of Toronto appealed to the court for a ban on the service saying “Uber was operating in flagrant disregard of the laws”
Nov: Buzzfeed reported that a senior VP said that Uber should spend “a million dollars” to spy on the private lives of journalists who criticised the company
Dec: On Monday, the city corporation of Portland approached the court for an injunction on Uber services saying that it can’t operate in the city without adhering to city’s safety, health and consumer protection rules
"Being a reputed global brand, Uber should have communicated more with its customers and the government, to reduce the effect of backlash it is receiving," says Partha Sinha, director, Publicis, South Asia. He adds, "It has built its reputation by offering safety and a reliable ride, but this incident contradicts that claim. It makes it look like any other taxi companies. So, it would have to either raise its standard or lose business."
It is not helping that radio taxi competitors - who have been under pressure due to Uber's deep pockets and forced to cut rates - are capitalising on the issue.
Sidhhartha Pahwa, CEO, Meru cabs, says, "Unlike Uber, we are responsible for customers, we do a thorough background check on our drivers, and do a refresher training for them every six months; women's safety is our primary concern and not a single untoward incident has happened in our cabs."
Uber's rocky ride, however, started at the regulators doors. Uber came under Reserve Bank of India's glare for its one-swipe credit card payment as opposed to the guideline of a two-step authentication process. Uber ultimately relented by tying with a mobile wallet service, but not without a jibe: One of its blogposts says, "Uber is now compliant but less convenient".
Uber's casual comments have often evoked strong reactions. So much so that it prompted one of its senior executives to suggest that it could "spend a million dollars" to hire investigators to dig up dirt on journalists who wrote negative articles about it, a comment made in the presence of a Buzzfeed editor, earning it further bad press.
It was in response to a journalist protesting Uber's a sexist promo in Lyon, France, which said "Who said women don't know how to drive?" with objectionable visuals.
Uber has clearly carved out an image that smacks of arrogance. "Almost every mention of the rapist in media has Uber as a prefix, so it can sure work on its PR. Internet taxi services have been running successfully, convincing investors to fund them," Parmar says.
Uber CEO, Travis Kalanick, blogged a statement after the Delhi incident, saying Uber will work with the government and invest in technology to ensure women's safety. That is still better than many of its other messages, but experts say it is different from owning responsibility, like what Flipkart CEO Sachin Bansal did with his apology after the much-touted big-billion day, saying the failure was due to technical shortfalls.
But Uber's communication strategy could change. Uber has hired David Plouffe, who ran Barack Obama's 2008 campaign, to drive its communication, with a focus on wooing customers and regulators. With the Indian government mulling a blanket ban on radio taxis, Plouffee may have plenty to work on.

Odisha: Poised for a surgeOdisha: Poised for a surge
Dillip Satapathy |  Dec 09, 2014 09:50 PM IST
The past decade has been industrially the most active for Odisha since its creation as a separate state in 1936. During this period, the state has attracted investment commitments of Rs 8.8 lakh crore through 93 MoUs (memorandum of understanding) with large- and medium-sized companies from within the country and abroad.
The investments lined up are mostly in the mineral-processing sector, based on the state's rich deposits of basic minerals such as coal, iron, bauxite, manganese, chromite and dolomite.
Of the total investment proposed, Rs 2.15 lakh crore has already been utilised in building projects to make steel, aluminium, power, cement and port facilities. According to government data, 41 of the 93 MoUs have been implemented in terms of full or partial commissioning of projects.
The state's investment conversion ratio of about 25 per cent may not compare well with some developed states like Gujarat and Maharashtra, but it is impressive considering the state's demographic handicap and historical backwardness - reasons often cited by Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik to explain the high incidence of poverty in Odisha.
Nearly a quarter of the state's population comprises tribals. The state has also lacked the requisite financial resources to invest in infrastructure and industry. Nor have successive governments at the Centre, which built a variety of institutions, infrastructure and industry in different parts of the country after Independence, been overly generous towards the state.
Coupled with this, the erstwhile Freight Equalisation Policy of the Centre, which ensured that raw material was available to industry at their locations anywhere in the country at the same price as in the source state, hindered the industrialisation process in Odisha, as promoters preferred to set up their plants in other states that had better incentives and infrastructure facilities, using natural resources drawn from Odisha, instead of looking at the source state, which was low on infrastructure facilities.
The scrapping of this policy in the early 1990s saw a rush of investors queuing up to set up industries close to raw material sources in Odisha, to reap the cost advantages. Further, the state government's policy of recommending mine leases in favour of industries that had value addition facilities within the state, and the boom in the world metal market at the turn of the century, saw the investment rush, which began in the late 1990s, peaking between 2003-04 and 2009-10.
This period saw industrial power houses like the Tatas, Vedanta, Jindals and A V Birla group from within the country, and giants like Posco and ArcelorMittal from abroad making a beeline for Odisha with big-ticket projects.
In tandem, the state's fiscal health improved considerably. The revenue deficit in the budget, which had widened to over Rs 2,000 crore by the turn of the century, was not only bridged, but has also been in positive territory since 2003-04. The gap in the per capita income between the state and the national average has narrowed. And the state's gross state domestic product (GSDP) grew at a robust 8.82 per cent a year in the 10th Plan and at 7.01 per cent a year in the 11th Plan.
However, the jolt to the mining sector, the key driver of the state's economy, after the discovery of irregularities and the subsequent judicial interventions, the delay in implementation of some large projects and the fallout of global recessionary trends have had their impact on the state's growth. Odisha's economy grew at a modest 5.60 per cent in 2013-14, compared with 8.09 per cent in 2012-13, the first year of the 12th Plan.
Several factors have further vitiated the investment climate. ArcelorMittal has withdrawn from its proposed Rs 40,000 crore steel project in the state, complaining about delays in land acquisition and allotment of mines; Jindal Steel and Power (JSPL) has announced the shelving of its Rs 60,000 crore coal-to-liquid project on the back of cancellation of its captive coal block; Vedanta is struggling to keep afloat its Lanjigarh alumina refinery and Jharsuguda aluminium smelter, built at a combined cost of Rs 60,000 crore, on denial of access to the Niyamgiri bauxite reserves; and Posco is unable to take forward its projected $12-billion steel mill owing to problems in land acquisition and allotment of captive mines.
Some of the issues concerning non-implementation of these projects are under the authority of the Central government - such as the denial of access to Niyamgiri bauxite reserves to Vedanta, and the cancellation of the coal block allotted to JSPL coal block and Posco's captive mine. Others are under the ambit of the state government - such as land acquisition for Posco and ArcelorMittal, and identification of an alternate bauxite source for Vedanta.
Most of the industries that were attracted to the state by its rich mineral reserves are facing raw material shortages because, though the state government has reserved 50 per cent of Odisha's mineral output for use by local industry, most mines are closed owing to court orders or statutory clearance issues. As a result, the state's steel production fell from 12.5 million tonnes in 2012-13 to 10.5 million tonnes in 2013-14.
To overcome the land acquisition problem, the state government has decided to create land banks at different locations. It has also decided to shift its focus to non-mineral-based industries like agriculture, tourism and information technology to spur growth, having formulated progressive supportive policies.
BS Pani, an industry analyst, predicts that "strong political will coupled with implementation of policies and facilitation process for industries in a time-bound manner will definitely catapult the state to the pinnacle of growth and prosperity."

Suspected bomb kills 9 on Philippine passengerbusBy: Press Trust of India | Davao (philippines) |
Posted: December 9, 2014 10:12 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:16 pm
Nine people were killed when a bomb exploded aboard a bus in the southern Philippines on December 9, a military spokesman said.
The bus operated by the Rural Transit company was travelling through the town of Maramag in the strife-torn island of Mindanao when the bomb went off, said spokesman Major Christian Uy.
The blast also injured 17 people.
The explosion was the latest in a series of attacks on the bus company.
Last month a bomb exploded aboard a Rural Transit bus in Mindanao, leaving four people wounded.
Ten people were killed when a bomb exploded aboard a bus operated by the same company on Mindanao in 2010.
Muslim extremists were blamed for carrying out that bombing as part of an extortion scheme.
Armed groups have proliferated in the southern Philippines since Muslim guerrillas began fighting in the 1970s to set up an Islamic state in that part of the largely Christian Philippines.

Government should work for the poor: Prime Minister NarendraModiDhanbad |
Posted: December 9, 2014 10:07 pm
A government should work for the poor as the rich could afford to pay for their needs, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said.
“For whom should the government be? It should be for the poor and policies should be such that it should give happiness to the mazdoor (labour force) and infuse energy in the people,” Modi told an election meeting here.
The rich could drive cars to reach their destinations or get their wards admitted to better schools but the poor who depend on public transport, schools and hospitals should be taken care of by the government.
“The government at the Centre is committed to addressing their (poor people’s) needs,” he said.
Without naming the previous Congress governments at the Centre, Modi said they had nationalized banks four decades ago saying that the money in them would help the poor but it never happened.
Referring to the Jan Dhan Yojana launched by his government, the Prime Minister appreciated the poor for contributing Rs 7000 crore in opening bank accounts under it.
He expressed concern over the migration of workers from Jharkhand to big cities to eke out a living. Modi said his endeavour was to set up small factories in every village and town so that the youth could get jobs locally and stay with their families.

No guidelines  prone to abuse: SC criticises Sec 66A of ITActWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 10, 2014 12:59 am | Updated: December 10, 2014 11:11 am
The Supreme Court on Tuesday observed that Section 66A of the Information Technology Act, which empowers police to make arrests over social media posts, apparently lacked guidelines on when such power can be exercised and that somebody’s “annoyance” was enough in certain cases for invoking the law.
“Section 66A does not give any specific guidance on when to invoke it, unlike the provisions in the Indian Penal Code (IPC). The IPC uses specific words and gives specific illustrations for the offences but that does not appear to be the case with Section 66A. It appears that nobody has to even say anything hateful or meaning ill will… annoyance of someone could be used to invoke it,” said a bench of Justices J Chelameswar and S A Bobde.
The court’s observations came even as the central government admitted that Section 66A was prone to abuse and that there were indeed incidents in the past where people were wrongly arrested by invoking this provision. Section 66A defines the punishment for sending “offensive” messages through a computer or any other communication device like a mobile phone or a tablet. A conviction can fetch a maximum of three years in jail and a fine.
Additional Solicitor General Tushar Mehta submitted that the abuse of power in certain cases was “evident” and that the Centre did not seek to justify the incidents where whimsical arrests were made. He said in most of the incidents, cited by a batch of petitions that have challenged the constitutional validity of Section 66A, the power was abused and actions had been taken against the erring police officers.
The list of incidents included arrest of two girls in Maharashtra by Thane Police in 2012 over a Facebook post, arrest of Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra for forwarding caricature on Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee on Facebook, arrest of Aseem Trivedi for drawing cartoons lampooning Parliament and the Constitution to depict their ineffectiveness.
“If there is abuse and the abuse is so egregious, even in some cases, there is definitely an issue to be heard and decided regarding the validity of such a provision,” retorted the court.
As the final arguments on the petitions began, the bench sought to know if the provisions in the IPC were not adequate to deal with the offences arising out of electronic messages and hence Section 66A was drafted in the IT Act.
Senior advocate Soli Sorabjee, Prashant Bhushan and Sanjay Parikh, appearing for the petitioners, replied that not only were the IPC provisions enough, they were better drafted and explained the circumstances when the alleged offences could be attracted. This, they contended, was not the case in Section 66A which was vague and left it to the subjective discretion of the police to decide when to arrest.
At this, the bench replied that in most of the cases cited by the petitioners, there was no statement which could have threatened the integrity of the country, as alleged by continued…

Congress accuses PM Narendra Modi of violating Model Code of Conduct  asks EC to takeactionBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 9, 2014 10:28 pm | Updated: December 9, 2014 10:29 pm
Congress on Tuesday complained to Election Commission against Prime Minister Narendra Modi accusing him of dragging the Army into political controversy in violation of Model Code of Conduct during his campaign in the Kashmir Valley.
“Bringing Army into political controversy or in election campaign is highly objectionable and in violation of Model Code of Conduct…. Immediate stern action may be taken against Modi and BJP for the violation,” K C Mittal, Secretary to the AICC’s Legal Department told the Commission, referring to the incident in Budgam about which Modi has spoken.
Accusing the Prime Minister of “not even sparing” Army from being dragged into political arena, he said, “We are proud of our defence forces and also their capability and competence to do justice to people, even if any of their officer is at fault. The forces have maintained high standards and discipline while dealing with civilians.”
Congress alleged that the Prime Minister has used the Budgam incident as an “electoral tool for political purposes to mischievously take all credit which is against all norms of administrative prudence, ethics and decency”.

http://usat.ly/1ugxfe5Technical wizardry behind Marvel Experience uncloaked
SANTA MONICA, Calif.
Post to Facebook
Technical wizardry behind Marvel Experience uncloaked SANTA MONICA, Calif. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D3Nju0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Technical wizardry behind Marvel Experience uncloaked
Jon Swartz , USA TODAY 12:40 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
Iron Man, left, and Captain America in a scene from 'The Avengers.'
(Photo: AP)
306 CONNECT 38 TWEET 3 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
SANTA MONICA, Calif. – A Marvel superhero is coming to a big tent near you – but with a decidedly 21st Century look.
An animated, 4-D, multimedia-rich interactive adventure – imagine Wolverine, Captain America, Black Widow and other characters leaping and fighting side-by-side with consumers in a specially designed dome -- begins a U.S. tour on Dec. 19 in Phoenix, with subsequent stops in Dallas, San Diego and San Francisco.
That much is known. But until now, not much has been shared about how Hero Ventures, the Los Angeles-based company behind the concept, intends to pull off its technological fantasy world.
Today, it announced Production Resource Group, the event team behind productions of Broadway's Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark and Super Bowl half-time shows, helped design and construct the Marvel-themed tour's 140,000 square feet complex with seven interlocked 60-feet high domes.
It's hard to describe, but the Marvel Experience may do for live entertainment what P.T. Barnum did for the three-ring circus. "The layers of complexity were insane," says Jason Rosen, chief production officer of Hero Ventures. "This takes things to a whole new level from the days of super heroes running around in costumes at shopping malls."
Executives from Hero Ventures and PRG deem the experience "hyper reality." The world's largest touring, motion-based attraction is a mix of hands-on interactive games; 3-D, 360-degree stereo projection; atmospheric lighting and audio; animatronics; virtual and augmented reality; and projection mapping.
Electrosonic, another tech partner, provided audio and video design systems that enrich the experience, says Duke Durfee, PRG's creative director and design manager.
MediaMation, a leading maker of 4-D/5-D motion theaters, helped develop a ride for the Marvel Experience with customized seat tilt angles, that ensure the audience stays full immersed in the action regardless of where they sit, and wind and water spray effects.
Jake Berry, tour manager for U2's 360 tour, is overseeing transport and construction of the ambitious project, which is targeted for an older crowd familiar with Marvel and its comics heroes.
"We're on the cusp of some very cool things here," says Rick Licht, CEO of Hero Ventures. "It is a reimagining of live entertainment. And each successive version will be more cool."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1D3Nju0
USA NOW
Hackers threaten to leak more Sony secrets | USA NOW
Dec 16, 2014

http://usat.ly/1yyPXA6FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Citigroup legal woes to cost $2.7B in 4Q
Citigroup CEO Michael Corbat warned that the bank's legal woes are far from over and that they will cost the bank a whopping $2.7 billion in the current quarter.  Speaking at a banking conference hosted by
Post to Facebook
Citigroup legal woes to cost $2.7B in 4Q Citigroup CEO Michael Corbat warned that the bank's legal woes are far from over and that they will cost the bank a whopping $2.7 billion in the current quarter.  Speaking at a banking conference hosted by Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1D3Ye79
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Citigroup legal woes to cost $2.7B in 4Q
Kaja Whitehouse , USAToday 12:17 p.m. EST December 9, 2014
Citibank offices in midtown Manhattan.
(Photo: Timothy A. Clary, AFP/Getty Images)
11 CONNECT 20 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Citigroup CEO Michael Corbat warned Tuesday that the bank's legal headaches are far from over and that they will cost the bank a whopping $2.7 billion in the current quarter.
Speaking at a banking conference hosted by Goldman Sachs on Tuesday, Corbat said the bank's earnings will be "marginally profitable" in the fourth-quarter after the legal charges.
Citigroup shares ( C ) dropped 2.5% in mid-day trading to $54.92.
The N.Y.-based bank has been plagued by growing legal and regulatory costs following the mortgage meltdown, including a $4.15 billion expense in the second-quarter of 2014 tied to a settlement with the US Justice Department over shoddy mortgage-backed securities.
The $2.7 billion expense for the three months ending in December will be tied to continuing investigations into the bank's foreign-exchange trading, interest-rate setting and compliance with anti-money laundering rules. In March, for example, a Los Angeles affiliate was hit with by subpoenas from federal prosecutors in Massachusetts as well as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation on money transfers to Mexico.
Corbat also said the bank will take an $800 million hit due to "respositioning costs," which he explained as costs tied to the company's changing priorities. Citigroup has hired 10,000 regulatory and compliance staffers in the last two years, for example, while laying off about 20,000 other staffers, Corbat said.
Speaking at the same conference earlier on Tuesday, Bank of America's CEO Brian Moynihan also said he expects a decline in fourth-quarter trading revenues, which sent all bank stocks lower before the opening bell.
Corbat reiterated that sentiment when he took the stage a few hours later, saying he expects fourth-quarter market revenues down 5% "maybe a bit more" over this time last year due to trading volatility early in the quarter.
Bank of America's stock ( BAC ) traded lower on the remarks, down 1.8% to $17.33 in midday trading.
11 CONNECT 20 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1D3Ye79
USA NOW
Angelina Jolie in YouTube video: 'I have chicken pox'
Dec 13, 2014

Delhi rape: Centre for regulation  not ban on taxi services  asks states to stop web-based cabs18
1
New Delhi: As the alleged rape of a woman by a driver of an international taxi service in Delhi creates outrage in the country, the Centre on Tuesday asked all states to stop operations of all web-based taxi services.
The anguish over the rape of the woman executive working in a Gurgaon firm reverberated in both Houses of Parliament. This forced Home Minister Rajnath Singh to promise that all steps would be initiated to ensure safety and security of women and children in the country.
"The Ministry of Home Affairs has advised the state governments/UT administrations to ensure that the operations of the web-based taxi services are stopped," Singh said in Rajya Sabha while making it clear that the government was not in favour of banning taxi services but wanted to regulate them.
The Association of Radio Taxis said that the trust and confidence of people in private cabs have been eroded following the rape case.
#delhi #delhi uber cab rape #uber #radio taxis
While the case brought to light gaps in hiring of drivers by Uber, the US-based car booking service, investigators found alleged involvement of accused Shiv Kumar Yadav in a number of sexual crimes including a rape case in 2013 Mainpuri in Uttar Pradesh.
Police said he was a "big time rogue" and was arrested in a number of cases earlier. On Monday, it had emerged that Yadav was arrested in a rape case in South Delhi's Mehrauli area in 2011 and had even spent seven months in Tihar jail.
"UP police has found that he was involved in at least three more cases in the city including a case of rape and a molestation which were lodged in Mainpuri in UP. He was out on bail," said Deputy Commissioner of Police (North) Madhur Verma.
He said Yadav was arrested for separate cases of molestation in 2003 and under Arms Act in 2006 in Mainpuri, his home town.
Meanwhile, Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi briefed the Home Minister and National Security Adviser Ajit Doval about progress in the case and steps being taken to ensure safety of women in the city. He said police verification certificate of Yadav was found to be false and it is being probed how he obtained it.
"We are also legally examining what action can be taken against Uber for not fulfilling its promises," Bassi told reporters.
The investigators said they have sought several documents from Uber as an FIR was registered on Monday against it for cheating customers and violating lawful orders of government, said Verma.
The investigators also questioned Uber's general manager (marketing) Gagan Bhatia, who claimed to be the in-charge of the company's India operations. Police said Bhatia told them that there were around 4,000 drivers working with Uber and the company does not know whether they have mandatory public service badge.
Meanwhile, an apex body of radio taxi operators asked the government to take urgent steps to regulate unlicensed app-based cabs to ensure passenger safety in the wake of the rape of a woman allegedly by a driver.
The Association of Radio Taxis said that the trust and confidence of people in private cabs have been eroded following the rape case, and passenger safety and security should be given top priority by the all concerned.
Addressing a press conference in New Delhi, the Association president Kunal Lalani said they are running licensed services, unlike app-based services like Uber.
"An impression is being created that all radio cabs are unsafe. But that is completely false because we are running licensed services in accordance with rules laid down by the state governments," Lalani said.
The Association claimed to represent 13 operators including Mega Cabs, Easy Cabs, Meru Cabs, Tab Cabs which run their services in several cities across the country.
156

Delhi rape: Accused Uber cab driver a serial offender  says policeHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Delhi rape: Uber cab driver booked in several other cases in the last 8 yearsHostage calls up Radio presenter from Sydney's Lindt cafe
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

640 Labs farm-data startup acquired by Climate Corporation0
640 Labs told Blue Sky in April that it had designs on expanding from Illinois and Indiana to Kansas, Nebraska and Oklahoma. By fall, Kull estimated, his company was in more than 25 states. The companies plan to announce new products and services in 2015.
“At the end of the day, what we want to do is help as many farmers as we possibly can,” Kull said. “Working with The Climate Corp. really gives us a great platform to build upon.”

Goods worth over Rs 1.01 cr traded across LoC in PoonchGoods worth over Rs 1.01 cr traded across LoC in Poonch
Unusual Activity: Staples on the moveunusual activity: staples on the move
Uber unsure about verification of its driversUber unsure about verification of its drivers
Car sales grow 10% in Nov on fears of excise duty hikeCar sales grow 10% in Nov on fears of excise duty hike
Allow banks to keep gold as part of liquidity reserves  says WGCAllow banks to keep gold as part of liquidity reserves, says WGC
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 09, 2014 10:34 PM IST
India should allow banks to keep gold as a part of their liquidity reserves, making use of the bullion originated from local sources and reducing dependence on imports, according to a report produced jointly by industry body Ficci and the World Gold Council (WGC).
Gold demand in India - one of most avid purchasers - is interwoven with culture, tradition, the desire for beauty and the desire for financial protection. Over the past five years, annual demand has averaged 895 tonnes, equivalent to 26 per cent of total physical demand worldwide.
For many years, India has remained one of the leading markets for gold. However, as India has little domestic supply, demand is primarily satisfied by imports. The cost of these is partially responsible for today’s current account deficit. From January to September 2014, Indian demand was 620 tonnes. The average demand in the same period over the past 10 years has been 616 tonnes.
“We believe the solution to meeting India’s enduring appetite for gold lies not in restricting the import of gold but in making better use of the gold already in the country, making it a productive fungible asset class like any other financial saving. The need of the hour is to re-engage all stakeholders to develop a coherent long-term India Gold Policy that results in a robust infrastructure for gold, drives standardisation and transparency, encourages gold-based investment products and supports the economic priorities of the country. With India at the centre of the global gold eco-system, it is imperative that we find ways of mobilising and monetising the 22,000 tonnes of gold in Indian households to fund economic growth,” said Somasundaram P R, managing director - India, WGC.
The report recommends the government take a number of initiatives to restrict gold import into India and encourage supply from local sources.  “Establish an India Gold Exchange to ensure pricing standardisation, increase transparency and improve supply and demand analysis. Also, establish a Gold Board to manage imports, encourage exports and facilitate development of the infrastructure needed to ensure the Indian gold market functions to maximum effect,” the report said.
According to WGC, the government should develop accredited refineries in line with international standards, including upscaling the current domestic refineries. Drive monetisation of gold by incentivising banks, revitalise gold deposit schemes, introduce gold-backed investment and savings products. Create a more active marketing strategy for Indian handcrafted jewellery. This could boost exports and highlight India’s expertise in this highly-valued sector e.g. by promoting handcrafted ‘India-made jewellery’ like the Swiss-made watches,” it added.
Further, the report emphasised the need to drive the standardisation of gold so that buyers and sellers can have faith in both the quality and price of their products. Introduce guidelines for compulsory quality certification of all forms of gold to encourage accountability and foster an environment of trust.
“Gold has always been an integral part of the socio-economic ethos of the Indian household. The consumption of gold has always been greatly intertwined with the Indian household’s financial planning goals and has, through generations, remained an obvious and natural choice of saving of all households,” said A Didar Singh, secretary-general, FICCI.
Banks’ initiative could incentivise financial institutions to introduce gold-based savings products, said the report.

